I am so impressed by the quality of this dress! Its so beautiful, elegant and just perfect for a party, dinner, event, photoshoot! I love it :) I am 5'2", 139 lbs, 34DD and I ordered size small. It fits me great. I had absolutely no idea that this dress will look so rich and classy. This is one the best purchases I have made :)


I absolutely love this dress!  The colors are red and navy (same navy as sash). There is a black lining underneath dress so it is not see through. I purchased a red petticoat for that extra wow.  Simply gorgeous! #5stars


I read many reviews on many dresses here on Amazon and decided to order this based in what I'd read. I paid for one day shipping because I needed it for a company party. The dress arrived in 24 hours and looked exactly like it was described. I ordered a size large which is normal for me (12/14). I'm a 36d, 33.5" waist & 40.5" hips. I got so many compliments on this dress!!!


This dress is beautiful and very flattering.i purchased a petticoat  to give it some more character.


So cute! Was a little snug up top because I'm busty but not uncomfortable. Overall, great dress!


The dress fit very well. I received a lot of compliments at the wedding I attended. I ordered it on Tuesday and received it on Friday.


Love love love love love this dress. I got a size small. I'm 5'6, 133 lbs, 34D. It was snug in the chest but it still fit fine. If your chest is larger or you have a long waist, the ribbon waist will come under your chest more like an empire waist dress. It hides your stomach, cleavage, and upper arms if those are areas you are uncomfortable showing. I got a lot of compliments on it.


Beautiful dress, great material for the prize. I am 5'2" and 115 lbs, ordered the medium size, great fitting.


This was a last minute decision and I'm so glad I bought this one, it's a great dress, fits perfect. I received a lot of compliments


I usually wear a US dress size 14, weighing 180lbs and 5'3", heavy on my hips. I ordered an XL and it fitted perfectly. So I would suggest doing one size up. The dress hit me just below the knee. It's a pretty dress and wellmade for the price. The lace is pretty and it has a black lining. I love the dress and got good compliments. This is my second dress in Miusol brand and I'm so happy with this brand and might buy many more too. The dress looks exactly like the picture. The lining comes to cover the breast leaving sone sheer effect on the neck and sleeves.


