This is the most gorgeous dress I own. A little tight across the chest as I have a lot of upper body muscle from my work, but very flattering and very well made.


The only concern I have with this dress is the zipper is very difficult to zip up and down..it tends to snag easily for some reason.  Other than that the dress fit true to size and it should be great for our upcoming banquet.  Thank you.


Super cute dress. Fit very well. Wore it to a late October wedding.  Received lots of compliments.  The color was pretty.


I was nervous buying this dress, but it fit perfect!!!!  The bust was a tad tight, but will probably work better with a different bra.  I bought a XX Large, and have about 47 in bust and 40 in waist.  Does not need petticoat.  I will definitely be checking out more dresses from this brand.


Had to return the dress but oh so wanted to keep it.  Beautiful dress.  If you're like me with a larger  stomach girth go up a size.  The zipper was a little tricky.  Gorgeous dress.


Received the item and the zipper was broke :-( i was supppose to wear it to a wedding this weekend so it left me scrambling to find a dress. I attempted to take it to a seamstress but she was unable to fix it. I bought a dress size up and it fit comfortably. I'm highly disappointed I can't wear it.


Hi


My new blue lacy party dress is wonderful


The fit /size just right. Color is lovely.


Fabric and seams in perfect shape.


I would recommend this dress company to all my family and friends. Read a lot of the reviews and decided to take a chance


Only the 2nd time in 60 years that I have purchased a dress  on line, I am very pleased and thanks for asking.


Love this dress.  It looks so great and appears to be really high quality.  I got the red and blue and my roommate got the blue and black and they are both beautiful.  I got a size Large.  I am 5'4" 175 pounds with an hourglass figure, busty and hippy with a small waist.  It looks great.


My teenage daughter loves this modest dress.  It fits and looks just as shown, the quality is beautiful for the price.  She has received many compliments on it, as it is difficult to find knee-length dresses that look as nice as this one!


Adorable, and well made dress. I bought this beautiful dress for my daughter.I ordered her normal size but this dress  runs small. I am returning it and hope the next size up will work, she really loves the style and color.


