It fits fine, but because I am in my 60's my arms are having trouble fitting the sleeves, they are way too snug. I can't raise my arms in this dress.  The dress is beautiful.  I am having to decide whether I should trim the sleeves or return it.


Beautiful dress, and well made (I'm picky about that because I'm a seamstress). I'm very pleased with this purchase. I'm 5'7" and normally wear an 8/10, decided to order a large to be sure the bust would be the right size, and it fits me perfectly, just like the model in the picture. It's elegant and comfortable to wear, and the V back adds some fashion and fun.


I'm a 36B on top and ordered a Medium, my normal size is 8. The top fits very snuggly and the lace has no give. Love the color and style, but the zipper was catching on the zipper material where it was sewn to the satin bands.  Had to flatten and sew it down by hand so it didn't get stuck in the zipper.


It is very flattering. I am 5'8," 180 lbs, and purchased an XL. Fits perfect. I purchased it to wear to work. I have a hard time thinking anyone could look bad in this dress.


I LOVE this dress.  It is great fabric, good quality, easily washes on delicate cycle and hang dry (no dry cleaning!) and a flattering fit.  I really like the MIUSOL brand.  This is the 4th or 5th dress I have purchased from them, and they are always nice quality and a beautiful fit.


The dress is OK. It fit and was made reasonably well. But unless "Good Ship Lollipop" is your aesthetic, look elsewhere. I thought it would be elegant, but it's just overwrought and juvenile looking. Think 3-year-old on Easter Sunday, or porcelain doll. Pink, purple, and a BIG satin bow. Ick. Returned it.


A+++ I love this dress!  Follow the size chart listed and will have no problem with fit.  Beautiful and feels great.  Amazing quality.  Watch expected arrival date on shipping.  Came faster than estimated, but took a couple weeks to arrive.  Will now look for more dresses from Miosul.  Absolutely worth the wait and $.


A pretty and well-made dress, but I don't think it is formal enough for a wedding I'm attending. Also, the fit is loose so I will return it. (For reference, I am 5'3", with a 31.5-inch bust and a 27-inch waistline, and ordered a size S.) If I was a bustier girl, this would have been more flattering. The black-and-blue dress looks pretty much black. If I were keeping it, I'd get some bright shoes or jewelry to jazz it up.


Lace is very thick, isn't fitted at waist, falls at mid calf! Looks like an "old lady" dress! Will be returning it!


Disappointed in the sizing. It was way too small for me. Ordered my normal size and the torso was too tight.  Returned immediately. Not sure if I will reorder the next size up because I don't know if it would fit.


