Buy a size bigger then regular size


It's beautiful in fact ordering another dress from Miusol...


Honestly, I'm impressed. After looking in a million stores for a dress, I couldn't find anything under $150 that I liked. This dress was being worn to a wedding so I didn't want to buy anything expensive knowing it may never be worn again. As with everything, I turned to Amazon and found this dress.  I am 5'8" and 140 lbs. 34c/d bust. I bought a medium and it fit well. I would guess a size 4-8 (maybe 10) could wear it. There were no annoying places where it rubbed (as is the case with some cap sleeve dresses). I did end up taking off my watch because it kept catching in the lace - but that is to be expected and not the dresses fault! Highly recommend, especially for the price.  *I found the neckline is higher than pictured. Fancy earrings worked better than a necklace.  This dress is burgundy and navy (almost purple in certain light). It does not match red at all. :-)


Poor quality.  I am going to retur the product.  Disappointed.


Perfect party dress for over 40 ladies. I am very pleased with the looks of this dress. Caution: runs small. I read the reviews and ordered an "extra-large." I am 5'4" and 142 lbs, dress barely fit across the chest. I have no idea how it will hold up and despise hand-washing, but really do not anticipate any difficulties with it.


nice，good


Well made dress very vintage


It is a gift and I hope they like it


Love the dress can't wait to wear it to my event


This was my first time buying a dress online and while I don't recommend I chose my size blindly, meaning I did not measure myself. However, I usually wear a small/medium in clothes and seeing as I haven't lost the last few pounds of baby weight from last year I knew I should fit comfortably in a medium. That being said, I am 5'3 so this dress comes rightly under my knees which I love. I have a little wiggle room in the chest but not too much to where it looks baggy. The belt is attached and stretches. It's also really soft. The neckline is not breastfeeding friendly despite  the time I'm surviving through right now but I'm ok with that. I don't want a dress where it feels as if my boobs are going to fall out.


I searched the mall recently and found nothing comparable to my criteria including (modesty, style, length, colors.) This fit the bill. I recommend this dress if you are sitting on the fence.


Colors not as vibrant as advertised.


