Beautiful dress, but sizing is off. I normally wear an XL across the board, and couldn't get this zipped. Because I love the colors & fabric, I sent it back & ordered a size larger. I'll update when it arrives.


After reading everyone’s recommendations, I ordered one size up from my normal just to be safe in a time crunch and it fit perfectly!  I received so many compliments on it.  The length and arm material were perfectly sized for me.  I’ve definitely never seen a dress like this before.  Thank you!


Darling!  Loved it for a winter dance; added a red petticoat for that pop of red at the bottom (like another reviewer suggested) which made it perfect.  Fabric is a bit thin--a teeny bit see-through if you hold it up to light on the hanger.  But it didn't seem to be noticeable when wearing.


Fits like a glove. I am a size 6 and purchased a small. Received countless compliments. The colors are beautiful. The zipper gets stuck at times when zipping up so I have to be careful.


It was okay.  The sash on it is sewn into the dress, except for the half pieces that you can tie together.  The tie pieces are rather short so making a bow in the front like in the picture is impossible.  This dress is also less dressy in person in comparison to the picture.  I wasn't overly impressed with it.


A bit long, but fits me perfectly otherwise. I am 5ft and 165lbs. Purchased an XL and it's perfect for an early Fall wedding.


I ordered this dress after looking through countless other styles. I needed something formal yet comfortable. Also, ratings were very important. I am glad I went ahead and ordered this dress. I am very satisfied. I am 5' 4" and 170 lbs. I ordered my dress in XXL (16/18) and it fits just right. I went one size up from my usual size 12/14. The quality is great. It's conservative and classy.


I just received the dress today and I loved it. I will be wearing it as a maternity dress and fits just perfect. I am 5 months pregnant and 163lbs,  I ordered an XL. The fabric looks like good quality not thin at all and the colors are as they appear in the picture. Glad I purchased this dress.


Picture is nicer than in person. I had multiple women try it on and everyone looked frumpy in it. And they had nice shapely bodies. Just not for us, but maybe it fits someone else nicer.


Wow.  This dress is so well made with such high quality, i never thought it would be this nice for this price when it arrived.  Seriously, the cut of the cap sleeves, the deep v neck in the back, the well made zipper and the lace lining, is so incredibly adorable.  I wish it came in different colors!  wait, does it? i need to go look right now!


