Gorgeous dress.  I wore this dress at my brother's wedding in Mexico.  Very comfortable, and got lots of compliments.  Perfect for the Mexico wine country wedding.  I want to buy more of your dresses!!


This is easily one of my favorite dresses! I get compliments every time I wear it. It's suitable for weddings, cocktails, semi-formals, and a really fancy day at work. It has a slight stretch and a forgiving shape.


Soo pretty! I am please with this dress. I wish it were a little more empire waist because that would be more flattering for many women's figures, but it is a lovely, well-made dress. What a great buy! I will order from this company again.


Rather cheaply made and the sleeves were WAY too small.


Love this dress!  The only problem I had was the length. I'm only 5'3 so it was a little too long. I just took it to to a taylor and got 4 inches off the hem and it now sits at the top of my knees and is perfect!  I think that is a small price to pay for such a great dress for only around $30!


I gave it 3 stars because it does look very cute. but its too small (especially for any woman with a bigger chest). Couldn't zip the back due to it.


I wore this to a wedding and it was perfect. The size chart is spot on and the dress fit me like a glove. The only caution is that it is fairly transparent , so ladies please plan on wearing a slip underneath.


It's runs a bit large and the bow does not stay, due to the material, but you can use a safety pin or just retie it a few times throughout the evening. It's still a nice dress for the right occasion. It let's you move comfortably and you can sit, stand and eat in the dress without feeling pinched.


Dress is stunning! Fits well and looks great on. Would recommend this dress for any special occasion.


Fit was perfect and colors were great (got a lot of compliments on it), however lace was very scratchy and it's the type of zipper that one cannot do on their own since it kept sticking.


