Love this dress. It fit great and was very comfortable. I have bigger arms and like to keep them covered so this dress was perfect. Went to an outdoor wedding in Texas in July and the dress did not make me anymore hot than a sundress would have. Love that it is sheer through the top.


Such a beautiful dress I am 5'2 and weigh 160. I could have fit ok in a size Large but I had read many reviews before purchasing and many said to order one size up. I ordered an XL and the it was perfect! Beautiful fabric and my zipper worked just fine. Btw, I did purchase a Navy Blue Grace Karin Petticoat to go underneath!!


I bought the red and navy dress to wear to my brother's wedding. Absolutely beautiful and I received many compliments. I am just under 5' tall and the dress was about an inch below my knees, so I had it hemmed up just a bit above my knee. The dress is very complimenting to many figures, and definitely gives you a feminine hour glass shape.One of my favorite dresses!


I'm 5 feet, 8 inches tall, 140 pounds. Ordered a medium. This dress is incredibly cute, really great for work events, baby showers, girls lunches. Got a ton of compliments on it! Very, very happy with it.


This was a last min purchase that I was fully expecting to return, it's never that good in person right??, it's totally that good in person. This is one of the most beautiful and flattering dresses I've ever owned, what a great surprise! I am 5' 3" / 150lbs, typically wear a medium in real life - based on the reviews I ordered a Large & it was perfect.


This dress fits perfect and is gorgeous! Can't wait to wear it. It can be difficult to find something that fits my short, curvy figure but this was perfect. Yes, I need a hem at 4'10 but it wasn't too tight on my 34 G bra size- no pulling. And the waist pulls in nicely with the ribbon detail, flattering a smaller waist.  Also the sleeves aren't ridiculously slim. I will be able to enjoy dancing comfortably in this dress.


I wear a 14 regularly (36DD bra size) and this dress fit just right. It is a little loose but is as I expected and wanted. I will need to wear a slip with it as the lining under the lace is see-through. The quality of the dress is as expected given the price...perhaps a little better than I anticipated.


I wear a 14 regularly (36DD bra size) and this dress fit just right. It is a little loose but is as I expected and wanted. I will need to wear a slip with it as the lining under the lace is see-through. The quality of the dress is as expected given the price...perhaps a little better than I anticipated.


I really love this dress, however I received it with the V to the front instead of the back like the picture shows. I am still keeping the dress though, it is beautiful


I had to return and exchange. I had to go a size up. Also I will now have to buy a full slip since this dress is entirely see through.  I kind of wish you would have just thrown in the extra layer and charged me $10 more and called it good. T.B.H. I agree with others belt is wonky. It's still a pretty dress just need to take these factors in making the purchase


