Gorgeous dress.  Typically wear 12/14 pants and the XL was perfect. Zipper gets tough around the waist due to all the fabric, but I rubbed some chapstick on it and it helped a ton!


The dress I got was not what is pictured. I got a different dress with 3/4 length sleeves and a different bodice style. Also it was the wrong color on top of everything. I did try on the dress I got because it was the size I ordered and it was too small.


Love this dress! I'm 5'2 115 lbs and a small was perfect. Gotta be careful because the lace snags easily.


I love this dress. It's long enough that I don't feel self-conscious, and pretty cozy too. I have really long legs and a short torso, most dresses unless they are longer make me feel like a hooker. Be careful how you wash it, might fade.


It's not a "wow" dress, but it looks good on me and is good for a fall wedding so I'm keeping it. Flattering and not cheap looking. The ribbon adds a nice touch, and I'll wear silver pumps with it to give it a bit of flair. (I got the blue on black)


This is a beautiful dress. The only issue I had with it was my lack of boobage. The seller was out of the XL so I decided to try the XXL. It was a little too big all over and quite a bit too big in the chest. I think the XL would fit me better but I haven't decided if I will keep this style or not.  As a size reference, I am 5'4" 190lbs and 38B.


I ordered based on the size chart and my measuments. I always wear a size 14 so I ordered the xxl. I could have easily fit into the xl or even L. Will be sending back. Such a shame. The dress itself is so pretty.


I had exchanged for a larger size (L to an XL) as it seems to run small. A beautiful dress for such a great price. I love it! I am pairing it with navy shows as the purple looks more navy. Love it!


Very flattering, my only complaint is that the zipper is not smooth. I need help to get it zipped up or down and I'm always a little afraid that the zipper won't unzip and I'll be stuck.


While it fit as expected, it was not at all flattering.  Granted, at 5'3 and 150#, I'm not the most svelte of creatures, but I didn't expect it to make me look like a two-ton whale!  Full skirts are not flattering for gals with hips and butts!


