This dress is stunning! The material is really nice. I rated it as somewhat large but that may be only because I am very short (4'11") and this is not made for petites. I would definitely buy it in other colors if it came in petite sizing. However, I think it's beautiful enough that I'm willing to have it altered to better fit my frame.


It's a beautiful dress and well-made. The sizing is inconsistent, though, because I bought another Miusol dress in size Small that fit me perfectly, but the size Small in this dress had a smaller waist.


The dress is very nice, however, the sizing is WAY off.  The XL looks like a 6 or 8.  Maybe that is the correct sizing for women in China but US ladies would consider XL a 16 or 18.  My normal size in a dress is 12 or 14 and this doesn't even come close.  It looks like a petite small.  So disappointed, the color and style are really nice.  Also, too short.


What a pretty dress with the contrast piping around the waist. It fit me very well. I found the lace on the front wasn't centered, and it looked odd. I am a seamstress, so I know about centering the pattern. Unfortunately I returned it.


According to your order guide lines, I ordered up 1 size for my bust, and it fit perfectly. I was given many compliments at my class reunion and we had lots of fun.


The guy isbflattering. Made well and you can't beat the price. I'm 5'7" at 1 10 plug


He's and I got the small.


Great material not too thin. Colors are as pictured.


I had a problem with the zipper and it won't zip down but it is a little stretchy so I just slipped it  my head.


Great fit; follows the measurement guide. Flow-y and comfortable.


The dress fit well but I will warn the "Bustier ladies!", the bow across the front will probably be right under your chest, not at your waist. It does not look bad, just different than the pictured model. The fit is comfortable and the dress is adorable!


Very sweet dress at a great price.  I normally wear a size ten and the medium was too tight in the shoulders/breasts but fit in the waist.  The zipper is very "sticky".  I'm going to try the large.


I usually wear a small or medium. I purchased a medium and it's slightly big, but not so big that it doesn't look good. I think this dress is really cute, and I think it's flattering on most body types. I'm 5'2 and it hits me a little below the knees. The only real downside to this dress is the zipper. Mine tends to get stuck around the belt and it took me several minutes to get zipped and unzipped.


