I just love Miusol dresses, I now have about 7 of them. I get the x-large and it fits me perfectly. I wear a size 14 US jeans.


The reviews lead me to buy a size up. I'm 5'7'' and about 135lbs. I bought a medium but had to return it as it was to large. Very pretty. I also bough the purple/black. Great price too. Arrived on time. Nice lace detail.


I can't say anything as to how durable this dress is, but if my wife only gets to wear it once, it will have been worth it. This dress looks absolutely amazing on my wife. It fit exactly as described, and I really couldn't be happier. Thank you.


LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS DRESS!!!


I had previously ordered a lace overlay dress on amazon, and it fit but the issue was the lace had no elasticity whatsoever! Imagine not being able to move your arms from your sides more than 3 inches. This dress made up for it! Beautiful, classic dress. There is some elasticity, and I just love twirling in it. I feel fancy AF.


This dress is very pretty, and flattering! I am 5'7, usually wear a size 14 but I have broad shoulders so I was worried it wouldn't fit. I ordered a size XXL and it fit perfectly. Falls just below the knee. As other commenters have mentioned, the accent color is blue, not purple, but I don't care, I love the dress.


Chest on all are too tight.  It fits great otherwise. I really like it and hope I can figure out a way to wear it.


Picture doesn't do the dress justice. Such a beautiful dress, and fits my daughter perfect!!!  Material is not cheap, and does not look cheap either. Very pleased with this dress. Very reasonable priced too!


I bought and wore this once, for a funeral. The waist fits ok, but the shoulders were a bit wide. The dress is different from those I see posted. It was itchy at first, and stringy.I felt like a child wearing this. The only thing i like is the thickest and the texture of the band, and the deep cut at the back. I am going to give it away to charity.


Beautiful  dress. Sleeves fit me but I can see someone  with big arms having trouble.  I bought a large even tho my dress size is a 12. So runs small. Read this in other reviews so ordered up.


The dress is as beautiful as the picture. The material stretches and feels soft. Great buy. Zipper worked well but be careful zipping.


