This dress is beautiful and looks just like what is pictured! The sizing is as expected, I'm 5'5", 130lbs, and in dresses usually order a small or medium. I ordered a medium and it fits nicely, not too tight (a small would probably be ok but a bit more snug, just depends on how you like your dresses to fit!) Definitely recommend!


I wore this to an event. It was great until I saw the pictures. Maybe I didn't tighten the waist enough but it made me look very wide. It was a strange illusion.


If you have boobs don't buy this dress.  I ordered a xxl, I am between an xl and XXL so went larger just in case but the sizes run about 2 sizes too small as well. I ordered 4 different dresses all in XXL and this is the only one that was too small.  Other than that the dress is cute.


The dress is just that, okay.  It's not the what I thought it would be in reality.  It has a V-neck back, with zipper and the belt is attached.  It looks more fuchsia than purple.  The  dress has a mild to moderate stretch to it.  I'm under 5'4" and the dress comes to my knees, however, I am a robust woman.  With that in mind, the dress may fall a little longer on a thinner person.


I love it! I was expecting it this Monday, but it came five days early!! (Wednesday)


It's great! I was really cautious at first because buying online you never know.. I am 5'3" 120 pounds and it fits perfect. The bust is a tad big, but that's just cause I'm small.. lol. However, it doesn't look bad. Definitely rises to my expectations, and falls just below the knee. Can't wait to dress all up, hope to post pics in the future.. I know they really help when deciding. Would definitely recommend to a friend. :)


Gorgeous dress!!! So much prettier in person. By far my favorite clothing purchase I've ever made on Amazon. I'm 5'6'' 135 pounds and the medium fits like a dream!!


Gorgeous dress. It's a navy blue and almost a fuchsia rather than red. Fit me perfectly - I'm 5'3" and 130lb, 32dd, 27" waist, 39" hips. Wore it to a New Years party and am looking forward to wearing it again. It'll be perfect for weddings.


This dress is designed for someone NO taller than 5'6".  I am 5'8" and ordered UP a size to assure that the waistband would hit at the waist.  No luck.  It is extremely high waisted, hit well over 2" above the natural waist and just looked wrong.  Moreover the bodice has NO darts so flattens the bust in an unflattering way.  The fabric is also not bright but rather dull.  The overall effect was dowdy and nothing like what I expected based on other reviews.  A complete disappointment.  Because this was designed obviously for women beteeen 5'4" and 5'6", i will NOT try this designer again.  Would someone PLEASE design clothes for women OVER 5'6"?


I am normally a size 0-2 but I didn't have the option to get smaller than a 4 for this dress. However, even though it was slightly large, it was beautiful. The tie in back helped out a lot! I am 110 lb. 5'6" and this dress in a 4 was okay for me :)


Fabric is very cute but style of the dress isn't my style, bottom of dress is wide/swing and knee length.


