I am very pleased with this dress. The fit was as expected. Normally I wear size 6 but based on other reviews, I ordered a medium to accommodate bust size. Since I am just under 5'3", the dress hit me right at the knee, which is what I prefer. I found I could easily tie the bow in the front. I did find that the waist is a little high, I think that is the style of this dress.The quality of the product is high, the color combination is cute. I am looking forward to wearing it for nice dinners and parties. Recommend!


From the reviews, I ordered a 2x originally and it was really nice but I like my dresses more fitted so my grandmother kept the 2x and feels like a star in it and I ordered an xl and it's near perfect for my taste. I have never recieved so many compliments on a dress before and that's saying something bc my dress collection is stellar. I have already ordered it in purple!


Pretty dress, but runs smaller than other Miusol styles (it isn't stretchy, like the other four Miusol dresses I have).  It is cut slim through the arms and bodice, but has a full skirt -- whether or not you need to order a size up will depend on how you are proportioned.


I think I may try a medium, but sadly, won't have it in time for the event I purchased it for.


Nice dress, high quality, but runs very small. I read many of the ratings and ordered a size up just to have extra room, but the dress JUST fits and is even just a tad snug in the waist area. I didn't notice until after I tried the dress on that 50+% of the customers stated that it ran small.


Great dress! The material looks lovely and expensive! An excelent buy


I tend to like Miusol items and this dress does seem like it is good quality. The color is beautiful and exactly as described. However, where I have purchased Miusol items before in this size, this particular dress runs small. There is no stretch to this fabric, so if you have any bust at all it actually pulls the fabric and your arms forward giving you a sort of hunch-backed look. So order at least one size up, two is probably better.


I went with size medium. I am usually a 6-8 US. Fit very nicely and was a good length for me. I am 5'4". I wore to a wedding and received a lot of compliments on the dress. The upper lace part of the dress does not have any backing so I wore a strapless bra. I guess you could get away with a black bra underneath. It would look like part of the black under the purple lace. I would definitely recommend this dress.


Very cute work/church/wedding dress. I bought this for a business event and it was a perfect fit. The arms are not too tight and the fabric lays well. Plus the quality of the lace is very well done. Not flimsy at all. No need for a slip but you will want to steam it or have it dry cleaned before you wear it to get the skirt to flow well.


Gorgeous. I continue to receive compliments on this dress every time I wear it. The material is soft, moderately stretchable and non itchy. Colors are far more vibrant and beautiful in person than in the picture.


Dress does not shrink or fade after multiple washes


These colors are out of the ordinary for me but once I put the dress on, I was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked it! This is another beautiful dress added to the collection. 100% satisfied!


