Great dress. I received lots of compliments and decided to wear it to a concert.  The quality is very nice however be careful of jewelry it can get caught in the lace! This happened a few times that night.


The fit is perfect and I've learned with this company to order one size up depending on the design.  If it's A line I order two sizes up to hide my tummy!


I am 5'9" and typically order a small or medium size, I saw other say it could be a tad small, so I ordered a Medium and it fit perfectly! This dress is wonderful! I was nervous the material would be scratchy or rough, but it is soft and the dress is very flattering! Love it!


Love this dress.  It's just the right "dressy" I was looking for.  Ordered the DK Purple with black underlay.  I'm bigger around the middle and the 2x fit perfectly and it's flattering.


Love the dress.. size L is the best coz im size12


It fits very well.


I love this dress! I ordered size large because the reviews said it runs small but the large was too big. I returned it and ordered the medium which fits perfectly. This dress is comfortable, beautiful and well made! Couldn't be happier with my purchase!


The dress is nice. Not itchy like you might expect with a lace dress and the lining is very soft. I only gave it a four star because the largest size was too small and I was so disappointed. I usually wear a size smaller so order a size up


I am 5', 120 lbs. Medium is perfect. Soft material. Very comfortable. Nice zipper.


I like it...but if you have a bigger chest...it will be very tight and difficult to zip up.  I can't zip it by myself, which is disappointing. Otherwise it's a cute dress and I've gotten compliments wearing it.


Wow this is a beautiful dress it exceeded my expectations.  Great price and quality material.  I typically wear a 6 US in dresses and got a medium and it fits perfect!


Originally ordered one size too small, returned for a size up and I love it! The material is great and I love the colors. My only complaint is that the arms could be a little larger.


