Absolutely love this dress. I was afraid it wouldn't look good because of my figure but it wasn't too bad and it was comfortable. I felt pretty.


the quanlity is good. i didn't expect it to fit as expected just by looking at the size chart and estimate the size i need for this dress. I will definite buy other product of the brand and style.


Beautiful cocktail dress.... until you go out in any sort of lighting. There is a lining underneath but it is so sheer it's useless. I was wearing leggings under the dress and didn't help at all. I stood in front of a friend and she could see easily straight through the front and back of the skirt of the dress to the door behind me. I'm so disappointed in this purchase as it's the first Miusol product I've bought. Not flattering, ladies. I'll definitely be returning it. Will upload photos soon.


I'm a 5'1 girl weighing 115 pounds, and the small fit me perfectly. The colors are definitely navy blue and red. It's very nice, flowy and elegant. I needed it for a New Year's office party. Can't wait to wear it officially!


Love this dress!  I was worried about ordering a Large but it fits well, though a hair tight across the ribs.  I usually wear a 10/12 and have a 32FF bust.  Can't wait to wear this out and about!  Great length and hits right at my knees (I'm 5'8")


Got so so so many complements on this dress everyone kept asking where I got it and were blown away when I said amazon for $30! Wore to a wedding! Fit was perfect!


My daughter ordered this dress and it fits perfectly.


LOVE this dress. I was too lazy to go to Macy's to buy a dress for an upcoming wedding. I came across this dress, read the reviews, studied the pictures and bought it. I've never purchased clothes on here and was a little hesistant. The reviews helped a lot! So happy I ordered it. True to size. Buy it. Love the colors combo too.


Very pleased.  Quality item, great price.  So many womens clothing items are made of cheap flimsy fabric and poorly assembled.  Not the case of this dress. I am 134 lbs, 5'4"and 36D.  Purchased medium and it fit perfect.  I often buy a small but glad I chose med.  Great dress, great bargain


I loved this dress, but ended up returning it because I bought a very similar dress that was the same color / general style but sleeveless (for attending an early Sept wedding). I just happened to like the other one's pattern a bit better. This dress was really comfy and soft, a nice length, and very well made. I was impressed, and actually may end up purchasing the red & purple one later on since I liked the fit and style so well.


