Overall the dress is very nice except the "Belt for Adjusting". I would have gave this dress a 5 stars but the belt is useless can't tied a nice bow in the front like shown with the model or in the back of dress. I wish the tied bow is made with the dress. I'm 5ft so the dress is below my knees but with heels it's very pretty.


I did not care for the way this dress looked on. The length was a little short, and I ended up looking like a little girl in it. I am 5'10', 180, with a small chest. It just did not look good on me. The quality was fine.


Very cute dress. Wore to a friend's wedding and got lots of compliments. I'm 5' 3" and 120 lbs. Ordered a small and it fit as expected, but there's not a lot of give in material.


Fit well, just as described, but I think it looks like a flower-girl dress, not very sophisticated, for a grown professional woman to wear. Cheap looking lace. Might be great for a teenager/pre-teen or for a wedding party.


This was a tight fit but is beautiful and got me complemented. The ribbon is slick enough to come untied easily while wearing, but is nice quality. I decided it looks best without a bow and just tied the ribbons together and let the ends dangle.


This dress didn't fit me extremely well, I think partly because the material feels stiff and made movement restricting around the arms and shoulders. I ordered the navy/red and the top layer is definitely red. Overall a nice dress, but not exactly what I was expecting, so I returned it. I think if I ordered the next size up it might be too big.


The dress is beautiful and fits as expected - but the fact that the zipper gets caught on the lace was very frustrating. Despite attempts to move fabric out of the way, the zipper would not come down more than a few inches which made it difficult to put the dress on!


I love this dress, it is made of a nice fabric and is built to look great on all kinds and shapes of bodies.  I'm 5'9", 40.5, 33, 43 and the large fits great and is a nice length.


Very pretty dress, but waaaay too small in bust. I had ordered ax XL which fit great but way too tight in bust. Ordered up to XXL, bust still too small and rest of dress too big. Evidently Asian women do not have bosoms.


I loved this dress. The colors are exactly as the picture shows. I received so many compliments on this dress at the Christmas party I attended. Definitely worth buying.


