I loved it, is my second miusol dress and definitely I"ll buy more.


its elegant, confortable... I use it for a wedding and received a lot of compliments


Love the fabric and cut, fits well everywhere except the shoulders. If you have broad shoulders go up one size.


So cute and great quality! I was on the edge of sizes so went larger, it's a little big in the waist but the tie helps with that.


It is awful! Cheap material and one of the sleeves is too tight! I really wasted my money and time on this product!!


This dress is beautiful and fits like a glove! It's the first Miusol dress that I didn't have to get the waist taken in or return because of sizing.  I love it!


I purchased this dress earlier this week in hopes of wearing it to my business I'm an interior designer. It fits beautifully I would just encourage if you think you're one size always go up one! I purchase the extra large and it fits beautifully. The material is well-made and I love the lace embellishment it fits me just at the knee.  Very breathable and easy to move around in.


Really cute dress. I just wanted to add my sizing in case it's helpful to anyone.....I'm 120lbs, 5'4" and ordered a Small. It fit good with room to spare.


I had this dress on my wish list for a while but I was hesitant. I was afraid that the lace would be cheap and thin and itchy. But I am so happy I got it. It is of good quality, very nice and it fits perfectly.


As suggested in the other reviews, I sized up one size. This dress feels like it was made for me, and I absolutely love it. It seems to be excellent quality and the colors are very vibrant and pretty. I am really impressed. I got it to wear when I go see Hamilton at the theater, and I cannot wait! I will feel special for a special occasion.


Wore this for Valentine's Day. I usually fit in a size Medium, so I ordered it in that size and it fit perfectly! I loved the way it looked on me. The design on the dress is gorgeous!


