Perfect for my cruise ❤️ It fit me perfect. I ordered a large which is the same size that I originally am.


The dress quality appears good but it runs small.  I normally wear a size 12 top and the large was too tight, I had to return it for an extra large.  I'm 5'9'' and the dress comes to about 2 inches above my knee.


Loved the dress but do order 2 sizes up


Bought this dress for my graduation - but it didn't turn out as I would have expected :/ It runs a little bit too long but the colors are beautiful! The satin belt was really needed for me - it ran a little too big at the stomach. I found another way to make use of it though :)


Bottom fit fine. Above the belt...not so much. The arms are tight and made me feel like I had to hunch my arms forward to fit where the sleeves had been cut. Fabric doesn't stretch, and there is not much room for women with larger chests--generally my chest is 1-2 sizes larger than my other dimensions, I ordered a size up, but the chest area wasn't even close!


What a great value! I got so many compliments on this dress! The fit was great for a plus sized lady and it was really comfortable. I have already worn it to 2 event and it's holding up nicely. I will totally purchase a Miusol dress again!


After reading the reviews I ordered a size up and it fits PERFECTLY! The quality is outstanding, cannot wait to celebrate and dance in this gorgeous dress!


The dress is beautiful and well made. It's just a little too tight and not the greatest style for me. I carry weight in my stomach and usually wear an XL on top. Sometimes a 1X. The size XXL just didn't work for me. I WISH. Beautiful.


Too small. I’m usually a 14-16 and I got the biggest size.  The arms are small.  The quality of the dress was good.  Very pretty.  I’m very curvy and this dress just didn’t do anything for my figure.


Got this dress for a wedding - received several compliments! I am 5'4" and 180#, got an XL as I typically run 12-14 in pants/dresses and have trouble with things fitting in the hips. Everything fit very nicely except for the bust - I'm a B cup, so that was probably to be expected. But every other part of the dress fit well and was very flattering. Would recommend and did recommend over the weekend :)


