Order a size up at least.  Dress came as pictured, the lace wasn't bad, but I found the waist to be too short; it didn't look right on me.  Returned.


Wow! I cannot wait to wear this at Christmas.  Beautiful dress, great quality and amazing price.  I am a size 8 in dresses and that is what I ordered - fit perfect. I am 5'9 - 150 lbs 36C for size reference


Very pretty. I usually wear a medium in clothing and the medium fit as expected. The zipper is a little tricky but overall for the price I am very happy. I got the purple and black and I think the colors were accurate.


I love this dress. I bought it for Christmas and it fit perfectly. I'm 5'9" and a 36DD. I bough a large.


The dress is conservative. I had no cleavage and the dress hit below my knees. The blue is lighter than I expected, but It still works. It's comfortable to be in and I could sit and stand without needing to pull on the dress. The dip in the back doesn't show off your bra straps, but it does give a little sex appeal.


When I held the dress up to the light, it was see through. I was concerned, but when I put it on - with a white bra no less, you couldn't see your underwear or bra. The tie in the front is a little weird, but I'm working on making a cute bow for the next time I wear the dress. It can serve as a dress for work parties, church, weddings and maybe funerals if that's all you have.


This dress was cute, had a nice weight, and appeared to be well-constructed, but I somehow didn't notice the satiny ribbon sash that you have to tie.  So, my bad, still a great dress, but definitely not my style--beware the sash that has to be tied by you (undoubtedly into a bow that will look way less cute than what they have in the listing.


This is a classy looking dress.  I ordered a Medium, though I usually wear a small (5/2", 120#), based on other reviews.  It's a smidge loose, but don't think i could wear a small.  The problem I encountered is that the zipper only goes smoothly down to the top of the inset waist, and refuses to budge at that point.  Though I can still slip it over my head, I have ordered another Medium to see if I can get a working zipper.  We shall see how alike in size the two mediums are.


The color is darker than I expected because I thought it was blue/black, not purple.  However, I love the purple.  I am having a little trouble with the zipper.  It gets to the ribbon trim & doesn't want to move.  Because I sew I know some tricks to try, but my husband was afraid that he would break it.  I will continue to work with it.


Adorable dress. I returned the 2X that I had bought and got the 3X. It is pretty fitted in the chest and the arms, so keep that in mind when you are purchasing it. I just wish it had a built in bra or support of some kind. Other than that, it's perfect!


This dress is a great buy! I was a little worried about the sizing after reading the reviews but I didn't think was too small at all. In fact, it was a little loose around the waist. I am pretty small chested with a small waist so if you are shaped the same way I would stick with your normal or smaller size if you are in between. It is a tiny bit snug on my arms but it still works great. I can't wait to wear it.


Beautiful lace print and color.  The dress fit well, true to size (if larger bust, may want to order size larger depending on waist size.  I've received many compliments on the dress and have only wore it once so far.  The pictures posted from other buyers persuaded me to buy the dress and I was not disappointed - exactly as expected.


