The best dress I've purchased in a long time.  I had so many compliments, Im afraid I can never wear it again. Too much attention!


Amazing! This dress is great quality for the price. I am 5 ft 11 in and about a size 14/16, 38G. I ordered the XXL after reading some reviews and I'm glad I did. The dress is a bit snug in the chest region, but otherwise it fits perfectly! It looks amazing on and works for any body type and size. It hits right above my knee, so it's not too short.


Absolutely in love with the look of it! It was my first trial of buying dresses on amazon and let me say one purchase has build that trust for me


I was very surprised at how well the dress fit my body shape. I have a large chest so finding a dress that fits as well as looks nice is quite difficult. This dress is perfect!


I love this dress!!! I'm 5'11 and I got a size xxl. I love the length. The material is quality. I got it big to fit my cup size DD


LOVE THIS DRESS!!! '''


I really liked how it fit ... I would recommend this dress to everyone... Its perfect for any occasion


This dress is darling, and unique. Am 5'5 and 140lb and the medium dress is a tiny bit too big, but not a  problem just more comfortable.  The quality is a bit better than I expected, however the lining is very thin and a skirt slip is required. It's also a bit longer than expected but not a problem. Still very happy with it:)


I bought a size large for my 32.5 inch waist and 34D chest and 44 inch hips. Fit great! I absolutely love it. I went braless in it, which is something I never do, but it worked okay in this dress. (Bra straps would show through the lace.) I have large arms which cause a problem sometimes in clothing, but this dress fit them fine--tight, but it did fit and felt comfortable enough.


CUTE dress for the price, a little nervous about how the zipper will hold but, but so far so good.  It's cut bit low in the back and high in the front (but definitely can't pull it off backwards since the zipper would look out of place!!). I wore it to an LDS wedding reception and wore a red tank top to under for modesty in the back.  I also bought a red petticoat on Amazon that fluffed the skirt up nicely.


I typically wear a 4-6 in dresses, but I always order a medium in Miusol dresses and am happy with the fit.  This is a beautiful dress that looks mush more expensive that it is.  The length was just below my knee at 5'6".  The ribbon tie at the waist is thick and held up well without looking floppy.  I'm quite happy with this purchase.


