This dress is just as nice as I expected it to be. I'm at the top end of size 14 (sometimes 14W or 16 in more bodycon styles) and after reading the reviews I ordered the XXL size. It fits perfectly and is so flattering for my slight apple shape. The length is also great for me at 5'6", with the external lace layer falling just below my knees and the slip layer falling just above my knees.The slight difference in length actually creates a nice illusion at the bottom without showing too much leg. I can wear a nude color bra with this and you truly can't see it through the lace at the top as it has enough detail to cover. Perfect dress to wear to a wedding!


This dress feels  heavy and well made...I love that!  I would advise, like many reviews, to size up one. I normally wear a medium in dresses (5'7", 160lbs) and the large fits me perfect.  The BONUS: It looks great for those with a "mom belly"!!  I totally covers it and the 3 decorative trim lines hits at the waist making you look slim. There are 2 small pleats below that cover the "mom belly" perfectly!  I would also add that in my opinion, it's more of a navy blue than a purple. IT's VERY flattering!


This dress is beautiful and well made! I bought for a work even and can't wait to wear it. I am a pear shape that wears size 16 jeans and a large shirt size and the 2X fits like a glove. The lace detail and colors are gorgeous.


The dress was beautiful, I didn't expect such good quality consider the price. The size was perfect although I got a large because I was afraid a medium was going to be too small but It would of fit just fine


Beautiful, very classy and very pretty. Surprisingly tight in the chest. I wear a 36C and I am a size 10/12 dress and the large fits very snug, but not so much I'd send it back. It is just very form fitting across the boobs. So if you're any larger (38) or bigger cup size (above C) I'd recommend sizing up.


Very comfortable to wear, very lovely. I can't wait to wear it for the holidays!


I loved the way this looked in the picture but when I got it the purple was a bit too bright for my taste. I just thought it would be a darker purple and not as bright. The color is still gorgeous, just not what I was looking for. I run between a large and x-large so I ordered an XL and this fit perfectly so that makes me think it runs a teensy bit small if anything. I'm XL on the bottom, not the top and the top fit me well. Lace arms do not have much give or stretch. Quality seemed excellent for the price; it's got a heavy weight to it, should hide bumps and lines you don't want seen. Unfortunately I returned it because I just don't see myself wearing it for any upcoming events but I still loved it.


Loved the dress, but had to return for a larger size.  I am 150lbs, 5'4" and wear a medium or size 6 in pretty much everything.  Bought a medium for this dress, and exchanging it for a large.  Dress is very pretty and I'm impressed with what seems to be decent quality material.  I am pleased that I took a chance and ordered this online based on other reviewers.  Dress arrived very quickly.  They also quickly took care of my refund and exchange.  I have had zero issues purchasing from this company thus far, and will keep them on my list of vendors I trust.


Second dress I am buying from this company and so far have not been disappointed. The dress is very pretty, not cheaply made at all and very flattering as well. I am 5'1 and weigh 160 and bust is a 38D and a large fit me just fine.


I ordered this dress for my friends wedding and it was beautiful and comfortable to wear. I almost had a wardrobe malfunction when the zipper got snagged on the bands around the waist/hip. I was on panick mode but I took my time and adjusted it. Other than that I have nothing but rave reviews.


Beautiful dress, amazing quality and fit especially for the price. Totally worth the money. It's perfect for Christmas parties.


