I ordered this cute dress but ended up returning it. The fit just wasn't quite right for me- however the dress was extremely well made and beautiful. I wish it hadn't made my hips look gigantic (more so than they already are). The company who handled the transaction, Qinke, is lovely to work with. Their correspondence and timely refund made me very happy and sure to order from them again. Very quick return of my entire purchase. Thank you.


Bought this for my fiancé and I must say am impressed. The size was perfect and she loves it so much. Don't think twice about buying this cloth you won't regret it. The material is also top notch and the size is perfect.


very pretty dress and well made. Fits a tiny little bit small around the torso but makes for a nice silhouette...  the hemline hits just at the knee. I am 5.8 ft and 155lbs.


I am very happy with this purchase and have already worn the dress on three occasions and always received lots of compliments.


I ordered a size up based on the reviews and I'm glad I did. I usually wear a M/L and ordered the XL. Fit was perfect. I gave this 4 stars because the zipper is difficult. I used a few dabs of soap to remedy the problem. Extremely flattering. Doesn't look or feel cheaply made. Took quite a bit of steaming prior to wearing, but overall lovely dress!


Gift, arrived on time, wife loved it.


Only reason it's not getting 5 stars is I'm a size 18/2xl typically, ordered a 3xl just cuz I wasn't sure a 2xl would fit (despite comments in the feedback section) and was hoping for an looser fit. The 3xl fit but barely. Otherwise amazing dress, very well made, received many compliments, beautiful!


Even though I returned this dress, I absolutely loved it!  It's well made and quality fabric.  For some reason, it sat oddly on my chest.  I will continue to order it until I find the perfect fit.


Very Pretty Dress. Dress is a little larger than I expected it to be based on the sizing guide, but sizing issues are to be expected when ordering online. The dress is perfect for any occasion and well made, especially for the price.


I love this dress! I normally wear a 12-14 dress and I got an XL and it fit perfectly. I received many compliments when I wore it.  The lace on the arms is a little tight and isnt very stretchy, so if you have larger arms, this might not fit you well.


Very pretty and fit as expected. The fabric is stiff and a little uncomfortable. Also the ribbon is not external- it literally holds the top and bottom pieces together which is a little concerning if it were to come unstitched. I like the dress and will definitely wear it but for these reasons I only give it three stars.


