Beautiful lacy dress hits at knee on me (5'9") and swirls gently.  Lined with navy blue.  Hits just above waist.  And it was not expensive.  I'll be checking out Miusol in the future.


Poor ziper...i live outside the US and it will cost me too much to return so I will keep and change zipper...i got good quality dresses at Macy's for less on sale


Great quality, fit perfectly. I wore this to a wedding on New Years Eve, it was also negative temps outside. The fabric was thick and kept me reasonably warm considering its still a dress. I received several compliments. Very nice dress.


I really like the dress. The only thing is that it's not made for petite sizes so the top is a little off but other than that, super comfortable and "fancy" for the price.


After losing quite a bit of weight, I wasn't sure about ordering a dress without trying it on.  I read the reviews and ordered confidently and was not disappointed.  This dress is pretty incredible.  I plan to order it in other colors.  The fit is great.


I purchased this dress to wear to my grandma's funeral because her favorite color was purple. I received so many compliments. Great purchase!


This dress is very pretty.  However, it runs about a size too small.  I'm usually a medium, 8/10 which is the size I ordered and I could barely get it over my hips.  The waist is not overly stretchy so there is little room to give.  I'm 5'4" and 155 lbs.  I would definitely suggest going up a size in this if you order.


I liked the fit of this dress but didn't like how the liner looked straight across the lace and it was a bit long. I am 5'4" and usually wear a size 6. It fit well overall, especially if you were an inch or two taller.


cute dress, had to return because the top was just too small. I wear a Large normally and I am big busted so I got the XL and I still couldn't zip it. I bought it on a lightening deal so it was a great price. I was hoping to wear it to a cocktail party for my job.


I bought this in a crunch needing something for a last minute special occasion. It fit perfect,  was comfortable,  and got compliments all night.  The jewel color is really stunning.


