You can't go wrong with Miusol. I'm crazy for all of their dresses - I currently have like 7 of them. They are so beautiful and at a great purchase price! They always fit and sit in the right places for my body type. I'm 180lbs, 5'6" and 36DDD, I usually get their extra large just to be safe with my bust size, but some dresses I can get away with a large. This dress is perfect for work, and I'm going to wear it to a bridal shower this weekend too.


Vital stats: 41-33-44. I bought the XXL in the reddish purple one. The fit was true to size.


The colour blend lifts the sophistication and pizazz of the design. The deep cobalt/violet accents complement the lace detail very nicely. The neckline is great too.


PS: This dress is low maintenance - NO IRONING WAS NEEDED!!!! *happy dance*


Very pleased with the purchase!


I have been searching for a dress for my daughter's upcoming wedding, and I kept coming back to this one.  I ordered a large and an X-Large based on reviews.  I'm normally a size 14 at 5'4" 185 lbs.  I tried the X-Large on first and got stuck.  I can't blame the dress though.  I've been doing massage for eleven years and my arms are large.  I tried again when someone else could zip it.  It's snug and I initially wanted to get a XX-Large, but my mother and daughter convinced me to keep the one I modeled for them.  They were concerned the dress would lose it's shape if I purchased a larger size.  The bodice fits great, it's just the arms.  The fact that it's advertised as red and purple drew my attention because purple is a wedding color.  It is definitely more of an electric blue, but still very pretty.  It's wrinkled and I will have to steam it before wearing, but I'm excited to wear it.  I will post pictures after the big day.


I ended up returning the XL for a XXL.  I don't own anything else that is a XXL, but this fit perfectly.  I got so many compliments.  I would definitely buy this again.


Fits perfect.  Its a perfect dress for every occasion. And the best part is that it's modest!


I read all reviews before buying it they where many helpful ones.


The dress is very well made


It is well wroth the price


I got the purple and black


The reviews said to get 2 sizes bigger than what your normal size is .


My measurements are 40 bust , 38 waist , 44 hips , I got the 2X and fits perfectly


Beautiful dress! Very flattering!


Better than I expected. Love it!


I loved the dress the only thing I didn't like was because I am in a XL and my arms a bit bigger than I would like, there is NO GIVE in the material for the arms or chest so if you are big chested or bigger arms it will not work :-(  So I will be returning


Amazing dress for the price. Received so many compliments. I ordered an XL as I usually wear a size 14 dress since I'm too heavy and very busty. Very flattering dress.


Also, it's more of a red and blue not purple and red.


I love this dress. I'm a size 16, 215lbs, 5'6" and I got the 2x because the reviews said to size up one size. It fits perfectly!


