I am 5'6 & I weigh about 190 pounds and I had to send my XL back for a XXL but the dress fits like a XL. The dress is beautiful and so worth the price!!! I received so many compliments on this dress. I would buy again!


I read through many of the customer questions and reviews before purchasing and ordered a size small. I'm 5'2" and about 117 lbs. This fit well and I feel comfortable in it! I'm wearing it for a ladies' Tea event in the spring. I did order a petticoat in navy too, after reading reviews and looking at customer pictures.


For such a reasonable price, I looked like a million bucks.  I wore this dress to a wedding and received so many compliments.  The fit was perfect and I was very comfortable.  I will definitely order a Miusol dress again in the future.


Wore this dress to an outdoor Summer wedding. It was comfortable during the warm afternoon and no need for a sweater when it got cooler at night. Had to get it taken up a bit because I'm 5'2" and didn't think it looked very flattering with the length below the knee. I was a bit concerned that the top wouldn't stretch enough for 38C, but it had just enough stretch and was quite comfortable. I usually wear pants 10 and dress 12-14 tailored short and the Large was just as expected. Fit well with shapewear. I will definitely be looking at other styles by Miusol. The quality of the fabric was exceptionally impressive for the price!


This is my first dress from this seller.. was skeptical of the size.. I am 5.5"... 34" .. 28" waist.. 135lbs and I bought this dress in medium.. it fits beautifully... a very flattering dress.. if u r looking for a little tight fit.. small should do.. but I was looking for something slightly loose and knee length..this dress was exactly what I was looking for.


It has sleeves which come upto just below your elbow..it has a good quality lining which is not see through.. the quality of the dress and the stitching is good.. I noticed one thing that could be better... the zip does not open and close freely.. so I get scared that I might pull too hard and ruin the dress.. other than that.. it's a lovely dress.. I would definitely buy more dresses from this buyer in the future..


This dress is great. Very comfortable to wear for a long evening or to an event. I wore this to an upscale performance theatre and received several compliments. Traveled well in a suitcase! I wear US 14 and ordered an XL and it fit perfectly.


I read previous reviews about the sizing of this dress and ordered the XL. I am a 12-14, but have a significant bust and wanted to be able to move freely with no issues. The dress came quickly and exceeded my expectations in quality and fit. (First time ordering a dress online. I was nervous as even in stores it can be hard to find something that fits right and looks flattering.) This dress is such a stunner. I wore it to a banquet and received so many compliments and questions about where I purchased it. It is fully lined and comfortable to wear, the hemline hits just below my kneecaps. I had pretty much lost hope of finding dresses that looked good on me and that were comfortable/modest enough for chasing my kids down at weddings etc. ;)


5'9" 155 lbs. I got a large after reading reviews and the measurement guide (I've got wide hips and big shoulders), and it fit perfectly. I have long legs, and the dress came to my knees, which was my goal. It has just enough stretch to allow me to chase the kids. I don't know how I was able to get a dress so perfect, but I did. Both brothers are getting married in the coming months. One's color is purple. The other's is red. This dress has both! I may even get away with wearing it to a military event with my husband. I'm very pleased.


Wow! I like this dress in person more than online.  The red & purple is a surprisingly good combo.  I ordered a different size in the purple/black and the color is nice, but less dramatic.  The shape is very flattering - just a couple pleats to allow movement & forgive any hip/stomach puffiness. The only thing I would change is that the underslip is a little high cut (so I actually cut it lower - easy!).  Wore it to a wedding and it was SO easy to wear, comfortable on a chilly night, didn’t show wrinkles after 1hr drive, and very danceable.


As for sizing, I am 5’8, & 128 lbs, w/ an athletic build.  I bought the red in a medium and sadly it was way too big and will need to be returned. The small in purple fit much better.


Bought the dress size small for school award ceremony at school love it, received lots of compliments.


