Its very pretty but, It needs to be taken in  and I got a small. If they had offered an extra small that would have been what I got. I am 5'1 and 130 lbs.


I still haven't worn this dress yet. It is still a little snug around the waist area. But I'm trying to lose some weight so I can wear it this year to a convention I have coming up. I didn't want to send this dress back because it was so beautiful and the color is just gorgeous but I will fit in it this year.


I feel as though your clothes run small.  I ordered a gown in my regular size and it was small.  This garment was lovely, but in one size larger it too was tight.  A shame.


I am 5'1, 34B, 138 lbs and Medium fits perfectly,  a little bit long... below my knees


Not as dressy as I was expecting, but it is a very pretty dress to wear to semi-dressy holdiday functions.


I got the medium and I need to return it and try the small. I'm 5'10, 135lbs, 36C bust, and thin athletic build. I sized up due to reviews and that it may have a "vintage" fit... nope! It's hanging off me! So unflattering! I've added two photos and one, I'm holding in The sides. The arms are super loose too.  The colors are nice but the lace is very thick. It's definitely got an antique feel.


This dress is divine and I want more like it. The fit is superb if you know your measurements. Steaming to remove wrinkles is required.


This dress fits great, but I've been having trouble with the zipper. The zipper tends to get stuck midway up/down. The first and only time I wore the dress my husband had to help me because I needed to use my hands to hold the top part of the zipper closed while he zipped it up.


Very pretty dress.  The sash is really gorgeous and makes the dress.  I wear a 12-14 and ordered a large.  It is ever-so-slightly tight on me, but I can breathe and don't look squished.


I love this dress! it is a little small fitting wise. I now have to loose some weight to comfortably fit in it but i do love! SO be sure to measure (i didn't, and i should have) and order maybe the next size up; otherwise its absolutely gorgeous and the quality is amazing!


