It's really pretty however ours came REALLY REALLY wrinkled. There are no instructions on how to remove the wrinkles other than don't iron, don't dry clean. I emailed the company and they said to wash it in  cold water and hang in the sun? Cleaning instructions would be helpful. As far as sizing...order your regular T- shirt size worked for us.


Material is hard & thicker than expected.  Zipper does not zip all the way down.  Not as elegant as lace can be.  Color didn't look as good as the picture either.


I'm no average size, generally I wear an extra small. I'm 5'2" and 104lbs, so it is bound to be hit or miss always. This one was a miss on the size. Cute dress and the fabric seemed worth the price. My one complaint would be the front chest inside fabric pice (??) Which was oddly sewn in and didn't lay very well. Maybe because of the too large sizing problem I already had, but it did look weird.  Couldnt tell if it was supposed to be flat actoss or draped.


These dresses are great quilty for the price and looked amazing on everyone! I ordered these for my 8 bridesmaids and they all absolutely loved them. They looked amazing together and were flattering on everyone. You can't beat the price either! Highly recommend!


Runs super small. According to their size chart I bought a large and I can't even zip it up. I'm a 40D bra and it won't close. Waist fits top doesn't. Returning it. It's a really dark purple also.


The description said it was red and purple, but the picture was navy and red. When the dress arrived it was and navy and red like the picture. It appeared to be good quality, especially considering the price. Unfortunately, I have a very large bust (G) that was not compatible with the style.


It's a very cute dress for the low price. I normally wear Medium, but ordered a large since I am familiar with the brand and reading various reviews prompted me to just order the large. I don't like things too tight.


I received the dress about an hour ago.  This dress is amazing!  I tried on dresses today at an upscale department store.  The dresses at the store were not made any nicer, did not fit any better but did cost significantly more.  I am thrilled to pieces and look forward to wearing this dress.


Bought for a wedding and absolutley love this dress. Fit as expected (based off reviews i've read, may need to order a size down) and was comfortable. I'm 4'11 and 135 lbs -- it was longer than in the picture (cause my legs are much shorter) but still looked nice!


I'm a size 10 usually and occasionally 12. The size xl was too big so that may be the cause of the unflattering fit! It sort of looks like the cut of a toddler dress made in a bigger size! There is no accentuating the waist even with belt tied! The lace and color are beautiful so I wish it had worked for me!


