This dress is really cute and I was surprised it fit so well. The dress is longer than I expected. I'm 5'4 and it comes about 2 or 3 inches below my knee. Overall for about $30 you can't beat this dress.


My wife ordered this.  She is 5'6" and weighs 120 pounds.  She ordered a small and it fit perfectly.  Very nice dress for the price and was of good quality.


Very cute dress. Fit was nice and seemed to be made well. I ended up not keeping the dress only bc i was looking for a certain look and was hoping this dress had that look. It's simple and not overly sexy. I, however, wanted something a little sexier with a Cuban vibe.


I'm a size 12/14 and the large fit great! Very flattering, great pop of color, stylish and the material is high quality and has a bit of stretch. Recommend!


I am a size 4, 5'8" tall, about 135 lbs. This dress fit me really well. The neck was a little too loose, but had i ordered a small instead of a medium, the waist would have been too tight for me. Everyone complemented me. Love it!


I actually returned this dress.  I didn't like the way the shoulders fit and my backside looked big in it.  Dress is heavy, so would be hot to wear on a summer day in Florida.


It's a nice dress and the material is really soft and comfortable. I ordered L and fit a little tight on arms and under the chest. I decided to order a bigger size. I love the quality also.


Very flattering and pretty dress! It is comfy as well, isn't overly itchy on the under arms. Fits to size. I would definitely purchase again.


Love this dress. It's a bit tight in the sleeves but nothing major. It's so elegant. Tip: I paired it with the SHOW TOUR Bridal Evening shawl in Midnight Blue. It looks like it was made for this dress!!


Just got this and tried it on and it’s AMAZING! It seriously fits like it was made for me. I am completely blown away at the quality and beauty of this dress - and for the price! Wow! Just wow! I can’t wait to wear this to my brother’s wedding tomorrow.


