Ive ordered 3 dresses from Miusol and haven’t been disappointed! For the price and fit, I’ll always order from them! Love these dresses!


Beautiful dress, great quality for the price. But I’m sending it back because it’s way too large for me. I ordered up a size because it indicates in the item description that the dress runs small and you should order a size up from what you normally wear. I noticed several other reviews mentioning they ordered a size up and were glad they had but this did not work out for me. I will be re-ordering in my regular size.


My wife likes it, but it runs very small. She needs about two sizes up from the rest of her clothes. But the dress is very nice and classy, great material and looks more expensive than it is.


Great Dress. Super soft and fabric moves well. I'm 5'1", I ordered a medium and it fit very well, hit just below my knee. Loved the color, but the color did not love me, so ended up returning it.


Wore this dress to my nieces wedding and got so many compliments. Just love it, and will be wearing it again! The fit was perfect and the sizing was spot on.


This is the perfect all occasion dress.  It fits as expected & is very comfortable & classy.  The colors are vibrant and beautiful.  It can be worn in any season, dressed up or casual.  I would buy this dress again!


So glad I believed the positive reviews here--I love this dress. I recently bought ten dresses for a cruise and it is in the top two. Flattering, can be dressed up or down. Just about perfect for any body type.


Surprisingly well made and good quality lace.  Fits beautifully (ordered L - I'm 5"6" and 150lbs)


Fit me somewhat awkward and runs a bit small especially in the chest.  I have a very straight shape with a short upper body and the sash in the middle fell at a weird spot almost like I was in between sizes.  The larger size would have been much too large.


This dress is of great quality material and the lace is beautiful. Not cheap looking at all!  I love the dress and it was perfect for a wedding event I attended.


