The colors of dress are more of a blue and red.  Therefore I am not able to wear the shoes I had intended.  The fit of a medium was good for me.  It comes just below the knee for me and I'm around 5'6".  The quality of the garment appears to be good for the price.


The dress itself is cute, however is not made of good material. I tried the dress on prior to my event and it fit great. Looked really nice. The next day I was showing it to a friend before getting ready and noted that there were holes under each of the arms (where the stitching comes together under the armpit area). I was so disappointed and did not wear it for fear of the holes becoming larger and more noticeable. Will be returning. I am definitely upset that the dress was so poorly made that one "try on" resulted in it being virtually unwearable.


I could tell based on the photos of this dress on women of all sizes that it would be flattering, but I was so impressed with it! The fit is universally flattering, and wasn't too long on me (I'm only 5'0''). The colors were vibrant and play off of eachother very well - I'm always afraid of red and blue clashing. Best Amazon clothing purchase yet!


I love this dress! I bought a size up just to be on the safe side, and I'm so glad I did. I normally wear a size L 12/14 (bra size 36DD), but I bought an XL. There is no way a large would've fit my chest.


The dress is beautiful and nicely made. I wore it today and received a lot of compliments. I loved it so much I already ordered a couple more Miusol dresses. You can't beat these awesome prices!


My wife looks gorgeous on this. Even though they are a little bigger than expected you can just tight the lace and it's great.


I will update with photos so you can check fabrics and looks... At the moment my wife didn't allow me to take pictures of her without makeup....


Beautiful dress! I got tons of compliments! The only reason I didn’t give it five stars is because the lining in the bust area was very large. I’m a C cup and wear a size medium and the bust lining was loose enough for at least a DD if not more! It made it look loose and crumpled under the lace top layer which was sized appropriately. I easily took it in though, so it wasn’t a big deal. You could even safety pin it down to your bust size and it would work just fine. I actually did that the first time I wore it for the sake of time and it worked perfectly. Didn’t feel the pins and it was nice and smooth across the top of the bust. Otherwise I usually wear a medium and the medium seemed just right. Plenty of room in the arms for me.


I usually love MIUSOL dresses, and I adore lace and jewel tones, so this should have been a home run!  Unfortunately, this one fell short for me, because the belt was not long enough to tie a bow that would stay put.  Had it been 6 - 8 inches longer, I would have kept the dress.  So sad.


Sizing was spot-on.  I'm 5'8" and 140lbs, usually a size 8, and medium fit perfectly without gaping or pulling anywhere.  I have a very long torso, and I wished that the sash sat a little lower, but that wasn't the deal-breaker.


I bought this for a purple-themed fundraiser but I suspect I'll end up wearing it again and again! It's really gorgeous and seems well made too. I initially ordered a medium because of some reviews that recommend sizing up but it was too big in the waist and chest. Sent it back and got a small, which is just about perfect. I followed another reviewer's suggestion to put a small stitch in the black lining to make it a sweetheart neck. It makes it a little more fun & youthful. For sizing: I'm 5'4", 135lbs.


The sleeves made me feel like a line backer. I have large arms. The sleeves are not generous nor do they attach where you'd think they should. It all looks wrong on me.  Other than the sleeves I loved it. The waist was perfect sized the length everything was wonderful. But I don't really wanna look like a line backer well maybe if I run into some hooligans I can intimidate them, but yeah I rather look pretty... so there's that


I ordered it based off of the chest measurements and I fell more in a 2XL with a 40 C chest but found the black inside was a little loose but it fit well in my arms and is very comfortable. It's a little loose on my waist. I think I'm probably between a 2XL and an XL but the little extra room isn't bad. I got it for a wedding coming up and it's a good length!


