Beautiful high quality dress. Highly recommend this product. I can't believe how well it's made for the price. I wore this to a wedding and 4 different women complimented me and wanted to know where I go it!  The first one came in ripped, so I sent it back and ordered a new one. The customer service was perfect. The second dress came in and I was very happy.


It fits perfectly and looks like the picture shown.  I needed help with the zipper but nothing to worry about.  I wore this for Derby Day and everyone loved the dress!


One of my best from amazon. Is true to size and the color is amazing. My picture will speak better. Read more on my blog www.glogeworld.com


I bought this dress for my partner. It fit true to size and looks great on her. She is a 5'9", ~145 lb female with a long torso and child-bearing hips who has a hard time finding dressed that fit right. This dress is knee length on her and she is excited to wear this for semi-formal to formal occasions. Only downside is that it is unclear how to wash this dress as the care instructions state, "Do not wash. Do not dry clean."


Miusol dresses are the best dresses coming out of Asia. They are EXTREMELY reasonably priced and GREAT quality. This dress is no exception. The material is a stitched lace (not printed) and it is pliable and soft (even though it is lace). Truly beautiful colors and the fit is great. If you are a well endowed woman, order up a size--the bust area will be tight if you don't. You really can't go wrong with this dress.


Beautiful! This fit like a glove and feels like it's made with good material. The lace is perfect without any tears and the colors were spot on. I would buy the other color as well! I am 5'7" and this hit just to my knee.


Wore this to the ballet. Received many complements. Beautiful & vibrant colors. Fit perfectly. Very comfortable & unique. I bought the medium. 5’7”, 140lb, 34D, 27 waist.


I am 5'5", 175 pounds, wear a 38C - the XL fit with a little bit of room. It looked great and was comfortable. My only issue is that when I raise my arms up high like to lift the kids or waving my arms dancing, the dress rides up.


This is a classy dress, and very well made. The fabric is soft and it comes with an under liner, so no need for a slip. I bought it for my nephew's wedding. I cannot wait to wear it that day. I'm 5"1 and weight 160 lbs, so I ordered a XL size. It fits just perfectly


I loved this dress but wound up wearing another to a wedding I was attending.  I ordered up a size and it was too big, so I would recommend ordering your typical size.  I wear about an 8 in dresses and the medium fit me perfectly.  I highly recommend this dress.  Unfortunately, I had to choose from two dresses and I chose the dress with sleeves because it was a cool night.


This looked great with navy heels!


