This is a beautiful dress. However, the instruction states the dress needs to be hand washed. Once laundered, the dress needs to be ironed and the fabric/lace does not iron well. The zipper does not zip/unzip well. I used soap on the zipper and it helped somewhat.


This dress looks absolutely stunning on the model.  I couldn't wait for it to arrive.  It seemed like it was made very well, but it unfortunately just didn't work for me.  It was too short and it looked ridiculous on me.  I do think for the right person this is a lovely dress.  I wish it had worked out, but I had to return it.


This dress was beautiful.  However, it ran small.  I'm normally between a 14 & 16 and ordered an XL.  It was too small.


Decent quality and arrived as expected, nice dress for $30. Tight on sleeve and in bust area. A large is perfect for a 10/12 unless you are a solid D cup or larger- then it will NOT fit.


This is a really pretty dress.  I am 5'5'  125 pounds,  I order a medium-sized and it fits nice.  Made well.  The purple and black is stunning.  Received quickly and I am so pleased.


Wore this to a wedding, I am 5'1" 130 lbs, 34A cup and ordered a small. I fit just right if your any bigger then I am I would go up a size. This is definitely red and navy not red and purple. I would suspect the waist line to be to high for someone much taller then me. The material is nice and soft with a slight give and not see through.


Order a size or two up. It does run small. I’m 5’8” and 170lbs and ordered a XL when I can usually fit into a large and sometimes a medium. A beautiful shade of purple and I like the lace. I am returning it because I did not care how it looked on me. An empire waste would look better on me.


I was very hesitant to order a dress on line. I read all the reviews and questions and answers. The dress fit perfectly. I am 5'3 and weigh 127.  I am wearing it to a wedding.


Purchased this dress for a company holiday party. This was my first Miusol purchase and I was very surprised by the quality for the price. It's very well made and looks exactly like the picture. The cut of the dress is very flattering. I'm 5'5" and about 135 lbs. It does just past my knees which I love, so it's the perfect length to me. I was so happy with the dress that I ordered another Miusol dress for work/date nights.


The neckline is a little high for my taste.  Other than that, I love the dress.  It is very well made with a beautiful good quality fabric. The overall quality of design deserves a 5+.  For the price, this is a really good deal.  Note: This is a very stretchy fabric. If you don't like the 'snug fitting' feel, get a size larger.


