This a beautiful dress and is very well made.  Also, It looks just like the picture.  I am between two sizes and I ordered the larger one just in case.  It fits very snug, but not too bad.  I would just keep that in mind while purchasing.  The reason for three stars is this dress was supposed to be dark red and purple.  I am going to a wedding where I am supposed to find something purple to wear (she said other colors are ok too), but my boyfriend is wearing red accents so I wanted to match.  I read reviews and nobody said anything about it not being the color advertised, and there were questions on whether the purple and black dress was blue, and the conclusion was it is as advertised.  This one isn't.  It is a darker red and a royal blue, with a navy slip and navy ribbons across the waste.


Based on my stats I ordered the xl, however the chest and arms were a bit tight so I ordered xxl and returned the xl. On the manufacturer site they actually recommend ordering a size up.  I will have to get it altered however it's the better fit.


When this dress came it was wet and moldy (not sure why) I contacted the seller and they were very helpful in correcting the issue. They really go out of their way to ensure the customer is pleased.


I was warned that this dress was larger  and to size down. This was great advice! It still quite large, but nothing a few alterations or a belt couldn't fix. It is constructed well and the pattern is so lovely.


This dress really did surpass my expectations. I needed a special dress that I could wear to a variety of occasions. I also really wanted something that was pretty but modest since I’m a teacher and some of the functions were school-related. This dress hit he mark perfectly. I love that it has three quarter length sleeves. I think that really makes it a three season dress. I wore it to our school’s senior prom last night where I was chaperoning and it was extremely comfortable and appropriate. Please note that the shoulder area of the dress is not lined. A nude or black undergarment will be fine. No need to go for a strapless. I’m really very pleased and would recommend this dress to others.


I bought this dress very excited, but it was short lived once I received it.  I followed the sizing chart specifically for the dress and ordered the appropriate size.  It was much too loose on me, and the blue was much more vibrant than it appears in the image.  Will be returning.  And there was no way I was getting the sash to go all the way around my back and tie back into the front like in the image.


Miusol hit it way out of the park with this one! This dress is exceptionally beautiful and a perfect fit. I am 5 1", 116 lbs ordered the small and love it! I ordered the purple/black as well and love that one too. I was skeptical of the price versus quality, but I took the chance and boy was I surprised. This dress will always hang in my closet. Thank you Miusol!


Good quality -- fabric is nice and workmanship is well-done. Looks like photo. I already have several lace dresses but wanted something different. This color combo of dark red lace and blue lining is really pretty! Fit is as I expected. I'm usually a small and got a small--sometimes arms are tight on online orders, but this was perfect! A very flattering shape with the tucked in waist and A-line skirt. Hemline is to knees not too short for formal events. Fast delivery from my seller. Great price.


Very comfortable!  Went up a size to be on the safe side and fit great.  I usually wear between a 16-20 dress, 5'6"' and it hit right around my knee.  I added a black slip (after I took these pictures) that went the full length of the dress and it helped fill in the lace part at the bottom where there isn't any lining which made the dress look more put together.


Beautiful dress. Very flattering for my figure. The lace is soft and not scratchy. It is more of a blue and red rather than purple and red as was described. I ordered this in both xl and 2xl because my hourglass shape (36F/40" bust, 33" waist) fell between sizes and I wasn't sure if the smaller size would have enough give in the bust. It does and the xl fits beautifully. Will be perfect for evening wedding in early October I intend it for.


I love it!!!!!!! colour same as picture. Great material. I wore it to my Friend's wedding, got sooooo much compiments.


