Attending a film festival opening. Chic, simple, elegant, flattering. 5'4", 128 lbs, 36C. Material feels like silk. Good weight, drap well. Tail not too extravagant which is nice.


Perfect formal black gown!! I wish it was an inch or two longer, but that isn't a big deal.


I should have listened to the other reviewer who said the breast area is too big. Now I have to return the dress. And it's a beautiful red and perfect length.


Im TALL so this dress fits NICE!! I dont have BIG BOOBS so hopefully  it won't start sagging and loosening up as the event goes on!!!


This gown is very glamorous and gorgeous for the price! I was surprised when I received it. The material is elegant and it fits very sleek. It is a perfect guest for your perfect night.


works great


Perfect for my sister wedding!!


I was impressed - a little nervous based on the reviews that it would be too small but I am ~12 (some styles fit and sometimes I have to go larger) and I ordered a 12 and it fit!


I read most of the reviews for this dress and I decided to take my chance and order it. Some of the reviews advise to order up in size, I normally wear a size 12. The dress was too big and so I returned it and then ordered the dress in my size. I originally bought the green and I loved it but when I returned it I decided to get the dress in purple instead. It is true to the pictures and I love this dress. It is made of thin material but it irons nicely according to the tag in the dress you can iron it on the medium setting. I am 5'7 and this dress does not need to be hemmed it brushes the floor and I will be wearing flats with this dress because my husband is 5'5 on a good day. I would recommend this dress to anyone on a tight budget.


I got this dress for a fundraising event, and I absolutely loved it! I am 5"6, 165lbs, 36D, and ordered the 12. It fit perfectly!! I got so many compliments on this dress! Good quality. Train was stepped on quite a few times and no rips, tears, or fraying!


