The dress is beautiful and I loved it however the side zipper would not zip over my rib cage and the bust just fit all wrong. It is deff meant for someone who is tall and has a longer torso. So sad I had to return it for a different style.


I love the long elegance of this dress, it was just as I expected, size 12 fit perfectly and I'm glad I purchased 2 colors, it's going to be great with the long satin gloves I will pair it with...


It is pretty, a little big. Not as great of quality as I was expecting.


Getting married in this dress next month and it's perfect!


It fit perfectly. I wore it after my wedding.


I am an oddly built woman. I have a 36DD (size10 ish) chest and only a size 4-5 waist with absolutely no hips, thighs or bottom. It fits well and as expected, however a little loose from the ribs down. But I believe it is true to size .


The dress is nice, for the size is very wide in the area of breast and beside is to long is ok  because it let you decide to use a high heels.  The fabric looks no so good.


I ordered this dress last minute for a fundraising gala and it was beautiful. For the price it's a great dress! I received many compliments.


It is definitely a plunging neckline and I had to buy sticky bra inserts and use fabric tape so there were no wardrobe malfunctions. It is also true to size. I wear a 4-8 depending on the brand and some reviews said it ran large so I ordered a 4 first and it was way to small, reordered a 6 and I was able to wear it with spanx underneath. Still a snug fit. I'm 5'3 and 130lbs. Length for me was perfect, I wore about 2-3 inch heels and the front just skimmed the floor.


I would recommend this dress for any occasion you want to look glamorous but on a budget. I felt very glamorous in this. I was surrounded by women I knew had spent hundreds on their dresses and I felt mine was better than some of theirs. Very sophisticated.


I purchased this dress for my company holiday party. Of course I haven't worn it to the party yet, but I tried it on and it is perfect! It fits well; true to size. Looks great on and I cannot wait to wear it!


I was so looking forward to receiving the dress. I tried it on the moment that it arrived. One of the straps was actually sewn to the zipper - by mistake and the dress looked horrible. Yes I could have taken it to get it fixed probably but I didn't want to spend money to fix something that should have arrived in perfect condition.


The fabric did also not look as great in person as it does on the picture.


