Good quality for the price! This dress looks very elegant on. I usually wear a size 12, but had to size up to a 14 with this and then took the straps up a bit. This dress feels very soft and floaty on.


I bought this for a friend who is a size 10 and is a D cup. the dress is not forgiving so make sure you have spanks on under. The top was a bit loose but with a quick alteration to the back straps it will be perfect. She is also 5 7 and the dress is the perfect lenth


I found this dress for a last minute event and needed it to be shipped as soon as possible.  I was blesses to see that it was 2-day express shipping at NO EXTRA CHARGE! It very well - I am not big on top and therefore the straps need to be adjusted.  ( minor)  I would highly recommend this dress or any other dress my this designer.


I don't know if I'm wearing this wrong but the sides are very open, lots of side boob which wouldn't be a problem if I wasn't a drag queen. I cannot wear this dress and needed to wear it next Friday but I'm going to have to wear some sort of jacket over it or look ratchet and wear a lace peplum top over it. WTF


I ordered this dress on the 19th, and it came on the 22nd. Delivery was so much faster than I expected!


Now on to the dress itself. I ordered it in white, and it's so much more beautiful than I expected! Absolutely gorgeous. I was a bit worried when I first ordered it, as I'm a curvy girl and the model in the picture isn't. But this dress looks perfect on my body. Very curve enhancing. The only problem I had was that the top was a bit large on me. Surprising, since I have a big chest. But that's a very easy fix that I can handle on my own, and alterations are to be expected with any dress. I'm very happy with this purchase. It'll be perfect for prom! :D


It was somewhat large for me, but that's how I ordered it since some of my measurements are in between sizes..bottom of dress and some of train needs hemmed, depending on height of person (I'm 5" 2'). beautiful dress, loved the fabric, but should have had breast section taken in more (I wear a 36c), and showed more than I'd perferred.


I'm tall (5'10) so it was not as long as it shown on the picture, but I'm used to that. The tissue is very fragile and get easily stained.


It fitted nice and it looked good, not cheap at all.


Cut it close on the length but that was to be expected for someone 5'10". Fit great, should've loved an extra inch or two on the length though.


This dress fit great. Yes it is long, most gowns are made to be able to fit a woman of 5'7. So plan on getting it tailored, I am going to have bra cups sewn in to hold the ladies up! I will add a picture after the ball


you could buy 2 million dresses and not find a better one than this particular one. if you dont buy it, i just dont know what you are thinking.


