WTF even is this?! The weirdest fitting dress ever. You need either no boobs, or gravity defying boobs to wear this. Seriously.


I love the dress the zipper is a little hard to pull up but fits perfect it's a beautiful dress in the perfect color because of the zipper was hard to zip my dress bust the day of the wedding  I was almost out of my cousins wedding please check ur product and make sure it is working correctly


Dress is pretty, but made for a disproportionate woman. I generally wear a 'medium' give or take, and while this dress fits perfectly in the torso, the chest is way too large (and I'm a D+ cup). Considered altering the 'straps' but it just wasn't worth all the work it would take to make this fit properly.


I loved the dress very much, however the strap portion of the dress was long for my torso. So, unfortunately I had to return the dress. I should add that the color and fabric were great and the price can't be beat.  I was sad to have to return.  I am 140 lbs and the size 8 fit around the waist and back.


It's kinda cute. But did not fit as I hoped it would. Not really flattering. Weird material. Did not look like the picture.


i love the material and length.  i had a little trouble zipping it up  but it was beautiful on me


I ended up having to return this, and get a size down from what I normally wear, but it is a beautiful dress. It does run large though, so keep that in mind.


I bought this dress for an Xmas event in which I'll be a "lounge" singer. This dress will be perfect for the occasion. It fits pretty nicely, but the chest region is a little too low for me. I'm going to add something to the front to make it a bit more modest. Other than that, it's great!


This dress was amazing. I wore it on a formal night when me and my husband now went on a cruise and it was perfect. Got lots of compliments and the material was really great considering the price. WELL WORTH IT


The dress came fast, the emerald color is great and it fits perfect. The price is just right especially if this ends up being a one time wear dress. I'm 5'5 147lb with an hour glass shape.


