Pretty, the fabric is better that i spected. Well done. Perfect Color. Perfect Lenght. it have a little issue in the bust, but you can fix fast.


Returned it.  Doesn't look as expected.


This dress fit perfectly, I bought my regular dress size, and the measurements were spot on.  I am only 5'3" but wore 4 inch heels and it was the perfect length, maybe a tad long, but it's how i wanted it and how it's picutred.


Wore this too my neices weeding the fit was great. The dress hung just a little bit muchin the cleavage area.


The dress fit very small and is made of very cheap material.  I returned it. I guess you get what you pay for.


It was a lovely dress but very thin. I returned it because the busy part was too large for me. I think the train of the dress could so be cumbersome after a while.


After looking for weeks, I finally bought this dress for my sisters wedding. It fit exactly as the sizing chart said it would, I got a size 8. I also believe the price was a steal!


I was really worried about buying this because it was so cheap, but I read some reviews and risked it. I am so happy that I did! I am 5'6" and weigh 125 lbs and I bought a size 8 and it fits perfectly. it looked just like the picture, and the fabric feels very nice.


After reading practically all the reviews, I got a picture that this was a decent dress for the price, that I should order a size down--being an 8-10 with a C cup, I got an 8, and it's pretty good. (I got the red one) The dress is thin, and will need some sort of ironing/wrinkle release--we ironed mine on low, and it was totally fine.  You have to have a good support--I ordered a bodysuit off of Amazon made for low-cut/backless dresses and it is great. It runs long for me; I'm 5'5 even with 3 or so inch heels, it was still long.  You will want a slip or spanks or something, since it is thin. (Not sheer, just thin.) Ultimately, I'm really happy with it. I wore it to sing with a jazz band, and it was a HUGE hit.


my mom love these dress, its looks awesome, and she is going to use it on a wedding, and she love it


