I love this dress!  I read a lot of the reviews and I was nervous about getting it, but it fit almost perfect.  I took in the straps just about a half an inch and it fit like it was made for me.  I'm 5'4 and wore it with 3 inch heals and it was the perfect length.  I am 150 lbs, 38-32-41 and I ordered a size 8.


I ordered this gown for a spring formal next month. It is simple but stunning! I used the sizing chart and ordered an 8 (I'm 5'4" and normally a 6 or 8) and it fits like a glove. It is a TAD too long but nothing some high heels can't fix! I'm seriously amazed at finding such a gorgeous dress for the price - when I put it on I feel like I belong on the red carpet! I can't wait to attend my formal and feel like the belle of the ball!


This is a amazing dress for the price, at beginning I thought that I could have problem with the waist because usually I choose 10 size, but I followed the sizes table and it helps so much and is exactly how described. My problem were the bust and the length, because they were somewhat large to me,  so I had to fix it, but even with the price of the dress and the price for repair it is a wonderful piece, is elegant, the V-neck Ruffles and the color converts it very versatile to turn on with the accessories and makes the combination unique.


Was not perfect to me at the beginning but then could be fixed and then to feel like red carpet.


I recommended this dress so much, if you have more bust and your are high no fixes required.


For the price I paid for this dress, it was a pleasant surprise on the simplicty and elegance of the dress.  I am a 36B so the bust is a little big for me but I will have the strapes at the back adjusted and that should take care of that minor issue.  I am 5.4" and weigh about 140lbs, after reading the reviews, I ordered a size 8 and the dress fits perfect.The length is perfect with some heels.  I am extremely happy with this dress and I can't wait to wear it.


I have purchased this before and it was a beautiful dress. This time it was not, the product I got was not the same dress as in the picture. The back was not crossed and the lining was the same.


I got a size 12 at first. It was way too big, but that was fault of my own trying to guess my dress size. I returned it and this time after measurements I got a well fitted dress. Well, for the most part. The boob part isn't as flattering on me as in the picture. I am a small C and the top was just a little too big. Enough so that there was no support or lift and made them have a droopy look instead of the elegant look. Other than that I really loved the dress. It is really beautiful and elegant for its price and I do recommend it. Just might have to get the top fitted.


Beautiful dress and beautiful color, but made for someone much taller. I'm 5'3 and have broad shoulders, but  had to do some a lot of nip, tucking, taping, and pinning to make the top stay put.


Good for the money, but be careful, different colors and sizes will have slightly different styles. This particular one was a dark purple satin and fit kind of loosely (I'm a 4-6 with a chest and butt)


Reading various reviews I wasn't exactly sure of what to expect.  Some said the dress was cheaply made while others stated that it was top notch quality.  I'm not sure if the way the dress is made varies for each customer (I wouldn't think so) but my dress was a decent fabric.  It's not see-through and it doesn't make me feel like I'm wearing something cheap.  I was highly impressed by how fast the dress arrived.  I ordered it on a Wednesday and it came the following Friday.  If I have one complaint it would be that the top is a little too large but it is easier for me to take it in compared to someone trying to make it bigger.  The color is nice and my friends loved it when I showed it to them.


The quaily of the dress was very good. I would definitely reccommend this product. The dress is even more gorgeous in person. Just be aware that the sizes run extremely small. I normally wear a size 0-2 in dresses. I could not even zip up the 4. Other than that, I was pleased.


