Sizing reference: I'm 5'7", 130 lbs, small frame, and an athletic build. Bra size is 28DD. I got a size 4.


I wore this dress to a wedding and a Christmas work party and I was complimented on it by everyone. It's long, which is really nice because I'm already kind of tall and like wearing really tall heels. The chest is a little bit big, as others have stated. I used the clothing tape and taped it down to me so I didn't have any accidents. I also never figured out how to wear underwear under this, so if you're uncomfortable bring free, this may not be the dress for you.


Ok, so this got here with in 2 days, of course I did pay for 2 day shipping.  But I right away put it on and it fits perfect. The back is really long but the front does go just above my toes but a nice pair of heels can fix the dress up. I usually wear an xl so I bought a size 16. Keep in mind I'm also 5'10. The chest area is a little loose and I wear a 38C but it's not terribly bad or noticeable. I love the dress for the cost. I can't wait to wear it for my Work Christmas party and NY masquerade ball! :)


I'm 5'2" and about 140 and the size 8 fit OK.


Had I gotten a size 6, it probably would have been too tight.


I still gave it 5 stars because it is truly a beautiful dress.


I loved the short train on it. At times it did get annoying trying not to trip on it or getting it stepped on, but it was still a beautiful dress.


Also the satin dress IS lined (has another fabric underneath) so no worries about transparencies.


the bust area is very nicely ruffled, but unfortunately my small chest didn't fill it out very well.


For a reference point, I am 5'3" on a good day, with a 31A bust, 25-inch waist, and 34-inch hips. I usually need a size 0 to 2. Size 4 was the smallest available, but I only had to take about 2 inches off the hem and put some darts in the bust to get it to fit. The waist, miraculously, was perfect. I love the color and the feel of the fabric, and I was thrilled to find such a sexy, slinky dress for such a good price. I wore it too a wedding in October and will continue to wear it as a costume in my burlesque shows.


Was too large so i returned but this dress is stunning- the color is so so high end this dress could be $1200 at barneys- nobody would ever ever think it was $45!!!! Incredible deal - im busty and this had nice coverage ( you will need those sticky bra things) i listened to all the reviews and ordered size up- too big! So im going to say its true to size i ordered 14 (says 16) 5'7 and 165 i think the 12 will be perfect.  I cant say it enough- this dress is so beautiful. Length peerfect cut perfect color AMAZING


I bought this as a "back up" dress for an event, in case I couldn't fit into my original dress. I fit into my original dress, so I didn't end up wearing this one, but it's still very pretty and great for the price. I am 4'11 and about 125lbs and I ordered a size 6. Of course, it was way too long, I would have had to wear like... 6 inch heels to not fall over all night, but most people aren't as short as I am. The downside is that this dress is really hard to go braless in, because of the fabric in the front, but you really almost need to go braless for the back to look really pretty. You could try a strapless, backless bra. I never got that far.


Beautiful dress, looked like it was made well, very light and airy so not heavy at all. I just ordered a 4 and it didn't fit, it was to small (couldn't zip it up small) I am 5 foot and 1 inch, weigh 133, chest 35, waist I think is a 26 and hips 38. Hope this will help others out when trying to figure out what would fit you.


I had already ordered another dress to try out for a wedding and loved it so I returned this one or I would have just exchanged it.


I love this dress. I had it tailored a little bit-the bust part was a little loose so I had the halter straps tightened. I didn't have to wear a bra with it either. The whole drama of the dress is the very open, low back which is difficult to show off while wearing a bra. After having the halter tightened, it fit amazingly! I wore it to my friend's wedding and felt so gorgeous I did not want to take it off.


I got it for a friend that's 5'6" and weights 200 lbs. she looks amazing, the measurements placed in the details are a bit bigger than the actual size. The length is about right, glad we choose the US16, since it worked perfectly, because she didn't have to make any adjustments. Beautiful fabric and excellent finish. Will definitely buy more dresses of this brand.


I ordered this dress for my best friends wedding along with another similar in color but I am not quite sure which 1 I'll be wearing. The material of this dress is really pretty, light weight and its modest yet it hugs your curves and give you that peek a boo cleavage which give it some sex appeal. The only complaints I have are: the left side breast is larger than the right so I'll have to take it in a bit to match up with the other side and the dress is super long. I am 5'5" and will need to get it hemmed up a few inches. Maybe if I was wearing some tall heels it would be fine but I'm going barefoot so the length will not work.  For the price tho you can't beat a better bridesmaid dress.


