I ended up returning this dress, I ordered this dress to wear for my wedding and it was too big on the top for one. This dress would have needed serious alterations if I had kept it. This dress is like something you would find in the store as part of Halloween Costume.


Killer Dress! Wore it to a christmas ball. The train is lovely but expect to get stepped on. In regards to sizing, I'm 5'3 at 135 and the size 6 fit me perfectly.  The v is very deep, so expect to buy a gel stick on bra!


I measured my waist- it is 30.5 inches and this dress was about an inch too big. The chest area hung too low, no way to wear even a stick-on bra without it showing. Maybe a smaller size would have fit better but it would not be according to the size chart.


I cant even believe that this dress was so inexpensive!  It is lined and the quality is awesome!  I ordered the royal blue because my friend told me that everyone at the party would be wearing black so why look like everyone else??  It fit exactly!  Sadly, I am returning it because it shows too much boob for the event that I needed it for.  Boo!  Looks hot and my hubby loved it! I am a 5'5 gal, 140 lbs and a 34DD and I bought the 8.


I have a military ball every year to go to so paying a lot of money for a dress that I only wear once got old pretty quickly. I am happy that I found this dress. I normally wear a size 2 or 4 depending on the brand. I ordered a size six after reading the rest of the reviews. I am 5'6" 120lbs w/ a 34D bra size, with 4 inch heels (a little bit of the shoe peeps out at the bottom), there is enough room to move comfortably and it's not too form fitting or too "booby".  If you go with a smaller size expect the fabric to be less forgiving if you're self-conscious about any lumpy "imperfections".  Also, I recommend buying pasties or bra cups; it's very obvious if you're cold.


I ordered this dress to wear as a wedding gown. I am about 5'7 and typically a size 0-2. The 4 fits perfectly. The material is a little thin, but nothing a slip won't fix. It is somewhat short for me, it brushes the tops of my feet. I would not be able to wear heels with it. It is very simple and beautiful, and a great blank canvas to add some bling/accessories. For the price, its a steal.


Ordered an 8 for bust size of 36b/c, had to have it altered to a size 4. Plus I am very petite 5'0" Once altered it looks gorgeous. I also recommend having cups sewn in if you have had kids and lack natural support. It is hard to find a way to wear a bra with the straps.


I actually love this dress. I am 5'9 so it is just a smidge to short to wear with a high heel. The fabric is silkish. It's also a little thin in the breast material. However for the price and my event its prefect. I'll just take it to a seamstress to adjust the straps (that are a bit to long) and maybe add some padding in the breast area.


This dress fir perfect. I am an in-betweener size (10-12) and I bought a size 10, it fits like it was altered just for me. The color is stunning and wearing heels is no problem as it's long enough to cover them except for the tips of my stilletos. I am 5'6" and I usually have a problem finding dresses long enough for the above mentioned issue. I love this dress. It would work great for any formal event. You just have to have it steam pressed before wearing it.


The length is great on the train, a little shorter than I would like in the front, I am 5'11" so when I read the reviews I was expecting this to be the perfect length. The cut in the front is very deep so if you are looking for a more conservative approach, this would not be the way to go. The material is that in which is would show lines of any under garments very easily.


