Beautiful dress and good quality


This dress was amazing! It fit perfectly. I didn't have to make no alterations. I wore it on my cruise to captions night and I was Queen of the ball! I read everyone reviews and it helped the dress was made with good material i was red carpet ready.


The size does not correspond to what I usually wear, specially the upper part of the dress. Poor fabric quality. Can not return it since i do not live in the USA.


The fabric may not have been the nicest, but in black it didn't look cheap. The model in the picture must be short; I'm 5'11" and wore three-inch heels and the dress was nowhere near touching the floor in the front. Despite it being shorter than I preferred, I wore it to a black-tie event and got many compliments. I picked my size based off the pictured chart and it was perfect. I am very large busted and after shortening the straps a couple inches, I was actually able to wear it without a bra.


Love the color and the feel of the material.  Fit just right except in the length, that's why I gave it a 4 star


Looks nice!


The fit was a bit weird, the bust area was way too big for my breasts but the torso area was too small. Also it was too long. I had to return it since too many alterations would be needed to keep it. It is a pretty dress though


I purchased this dress for a work banquet. I didn't check the measurements of this dress before I ordered. I ordered a size 4 which for the most part fit perfectly but was tight around the chest area. Despite this I was still able to wear the dress and it looked amazing (no one noticed it was tight)!! I got so many compliments and it didn't hurt that it was so cheap.


Awesome dress! I recommend for any formal function. But be sure to check your measurements!


A little more low cut and revealing than the picture suggests.  Easily fixable with a few stitches or a brooch.  Quick shipping.  Great price for the quality of the product.  I would buy more products from this seller.


I am a 36-38 D but I have a 33 inch waist. I ordered a size 12 which fit in the waist area though the breast area didn't fit. The dress was very pretty and very thin and lightweight. Also the one side of the top of the dress bulged out , the fabric did, and the other side didn't.


