My sister preferred another Ever Pretty dress over this one for the bridesmaid dresses. She's only a 34B and the chest area looked big on her. For C cups this would be bangin! lol Almost glad she didn't choose this dress, because this one might upstage the bride! Definitely thinking about buying this for myself for my friends 30th bday party!


I read the reviews so I knew before hand that the top may be a little big. Overall I loved the dress, it was well made and it got me beautifully I believe! I was complemented throughout the night and people didn't believe I had gotten it off of amazon. It is long so keep that in mind, I'm 5'5 and I had on hella but the weren't 6 inches, still, I had to make sure I did not slip or stepped on the dress. I would say buy some type of plunge bra, I bought the maiden form plunge bra off of amazon and it does fit kind of tight and small, but it work great for the dress! I hope I helped someone


Being a "curvy" girl, I was very concerned with finding an all white dress for an event that did not look like a wedding dress or make me look like the sta-puff marshmallow man. This one is very classy and vintage Hollywood! I had so many compliments and the dress felt great! The length was great with my 4" heels. I am 5'4" and a size 16. I followed the size chart and it was spot on. My only issue was the lack of ability to wear a bra. I am a 38DD and the girls were almost on display. I taped myself into the dress and prayed to not have a "wardrobe malfunction". Also, allow time to have your dress steamed! It is wrinkled on arrival and I would not trust an iron.


I LOVE my dress! I usually wear a 10, (5"6' 157 lbs, bust 36C) but was worried this dress would be a bit too small so I ordered a size 12. I don't think I needed to do that, I had to take in quite a bit at the waist in the back, but the alteration was super easy. I did it myself without a sewing machine, just folded over the back & it turned out great. It just had a bit more volume in the skirt. I didn't wear a bra, just used some tape to make sure everything stayed in place, some nipple stickers. The cup size worked fine for me.  I also wore some regular undies but a good pair of high waisted spanks would have been good to control my tummy, but I didn't have any and it still looked good. I felt like a glamorous old time movie star! The highlight of the night was when my boyfriend proposed! I'm so glad I was wearing this beauty and will cherish our wonderful photos of that amazing night forever. I highly recommend this dress! They also sent it right away, got it in 3 days (I have Amazon prime). I'm very happy with this company and will order from them again!


I needed a gown to wear to the Golden Globes this year, and I didn't want to spend a ton of money.  This gown was beautiful, fit great right out of the box.  I did get it steamed, and if I'd had more tie and the inclination, i might have had it altered to tuck the top in a little bit, but really I couldn't have done better for the amount I paid.  I'm 5'6" and 150lb, usually wearing between a size 8 and 12, so I got the size 10 and was pleased to see that the fit was perfect with 3" heels.


The emerald color was rich and beautiful.  The only downside?  I saw another woman wearing the same dress in black!  oh well.  this is why I got it in green.


I am ordering a 12. I ordered the 10 thinking a perfect fit on the hips would be fine but that was silly. I will order a size up and get it altered. I wanted something inexpensive and light for our summer beach wedding and this is perfect! Obviously I need proper undergarments to smooth everything out and tape for the girls, but I love it! I have large hips, so a dress not fitting my hips isn't a surprise. I will post a pic for comparison when the 12 comes in. Arrived on time and in perfect condition.


This dress is really pretty good quality, especially for the price. It runs small--I usually wear a 2 or 4 (I'm 5'4" 130 lbs), so I ordered the 4 but couldn't get it within 2 inches of being able to zip, so I had to return it. Make sure to follow the sizing chart (one of the images) so this doesn't happen to you--after looking at the chart, I see that I should have gotten a 6. It is a plunge neckline, which can easily be made less revealing by sewing a lace or fabric triangle in it. The back and underarms are also quite open. The length was great. I'm in a wheelchair and therefore need something a little longer since everything rides up when you sit, and it was long enough but didn't drag on the floor. It would also look great standing with heels. I will be either ordering this dress in the correct size, or a different but very similar Ever Pretty dress.


If you are looking for a beautiful / elegant and inexpensive wedding dress this is the one.. I'm posting this review to help all the brides out there who are looking for the one so you have an idea.. I'm 5'5 138lbs fit body. I ordered size 6 base with some reviewers the dress run small , but in my case it was true to my size , so 6 was s little too big around my chest (36C) and waist but not a bit deal.. However a 4 would of been even more perfect :-)...I attached a picture for your help. Highly recommended :-)... Beautiful


I adore this dress!!!!!! I am 5'5 and 150lb and I got a size 8 and it fit well but I also bought this dress in black but the black was too tight so size may depend on color. This dress is lovely especially for the price. I wore this to my senior prom and no one else had the same dress. This dress makes you feel like a rock star. Buy it while you can!!


I ordered this dress for an event, but I had to send this dress back bc it was too small. I found some reviews that said it ran too big, some that said it ran small. I measured between the size 8 and size 10 so I went with the smaller size. I tried the dress on to find that the 8 was too small, so I decided to wear a different dress to the event. I think if you measure between sizes it is best to go up a size. Anyway, the dress was so pretty and the material looks great for the price you pay. It is a simple, but elegant dress appropriate for any formal or semi-formal event. I did notice a sewing error where the shoulder strap attaches to the front, so you may want to order the dress in advance so you can 1) steam it or let the wrinkles fall out 2) inspect for defects. I suppose the cheap price does come with its risks (manufacturing quality).


