Obviously, everyone has a different body shape. My mum saw this on a lightning deal, and got it for me when I was in college. It fit perfectly. I felt like an old Hollywood movie star. It has a slight train in the back which is simply lovely. Usually these don't fit well, but beside me lacking a bit in the chest area I had no issues.


I bought a size larger just in case the dress wasn't true to size so it ended up being slightly bigger. I did have to make alterations mainly due to my height but the dress was beyond what I expected for an Amazon purchase. I'm definitely going to buy more dresses after this.


I ordered a size 10 thinking it was UK sizes (I could have sworn that's what the size chart said), but recieved a size 10 in US sizes, making it at least 1 size too big. Luckily, I can sew, and was able to alter the dress to fit me better. The bust is pretty big, so if you have below a C cup, this dress may not work for you. Also, keep in mind you can't wear a traditional bra with this dress, so while you're ordering, grab some "invisible" silicone bras or pasties for your ladies.


Overall, for how little I paid, this dress is perfect for my holiday ball I have to attend. It shipped fast, and doesn't seem like it'll fall apart on me half way though my evening.


I give this dress a 5 star because it is beautiful and I recieved many compliments! I ordered a small...the length was great. I am 5'8 118lbs. It was a bit small around my upper waist area but once I squeezed into it, it became comfortable. Very roomy breast area. If around your back under your breast is on the bigger side...order a size up.  I loved it and would purchase it again.


Looks like a mess before you put it on, but it's really gorgeous. I got a medium. I am 5'3" and have a 35" bust, 30" waist and 36" hips. I have a very short torso so I will need to alter the straps so it fits and the girls don't fall out (maybe take out two inches or so) and hem the bottom since I'm so short. It's really flattering and the dark red is true to color. The zipper on mine was a bit sticky. Still a great buy for the price!


The fabric is extremely unforgiving and not suitable for small-chested women. I am 5'9", 130lbs and the length was perfect without heels. I ended up returning because the dress needs some big knockers to fill it out. The dress arrived with lots of crease marks and seemed cheaply made- though I ordered another dress from the same store that was well made. I think because this dress has no lining. For the price what can you expect?


I've bought dresses from this same manufacturer before and they fit perfectly.  NOT THIS TIME!!!  I was on a strict time limit and ordered four different dressed from "Ever Pretty" in the same size I've always gotten, a six.  Every single one of them was WAY too small.  My 12 year old daughter, who weighs 108 lbs and is 5'3" barely fit into any of them.  I'm 5'9" and weigh around 160.  You can imagine they did NOT fit me.  I'm very thin "on top" with a curvy "hour glass body shape", my waist is only 27' around, so this dress SHOULD HAVE FIT ME.  I've had to send them all back and try again.  Hopefully, I'll get something by tomorrow, as my event is the day after tomorrow.  Very disappointing.


I loved this dress, the color is Rich and beautiful (purple). I'm 5'9 and 147 lbs. and ordered a size 8, the dress was the perfect length. The front just covered my toes (without shoes) and the back trailed on the floor. The price is amazing for the quality. My man was in awe at how great it fit...unfortunately I ended up returning it ONLY because we are going to a formal event and my size DD's were spilling out. It did look super sexy but maybe a tad inappropriate for this event. I will definitely buy another dress from Ever Pretty though!


I ordered this dress for my graduation party! I am about 5'7", 132lbs. and a 34A. I ordered a size 6.


If I dont gain any weight this dress will work perfectly. If you have bigger boobs it might be tight or order a bigger size.The dress is only tight just under the boobs for that high empire waist. Other than that, it will fit. It could benefit from a very light pad for the boobs, but other than that, it seemed to be high quality. I ordered the green color. When I got it I was a little disappointed because the color of the dress is a lot darker than what the model wears. Still a nice color though. It will require a steam or iron job, fresh out of the package there are some wrinkles. It has kind of a little train that I really like. It adds class and sophistication. I still like the dress, but the sizing might be a little off and the color was off. Overall this dress is really pretty and will be great for my party!


When my dress arrived, I was a little worried because of the packaging it came in (a torn plastic bag) And it was crammed in a box with some other purchases.


But I took it out, was surprised it was 100% wrinkle free! And the fabric is SO soft and elegant.


Then came the part where I tried it on... wow, it slipped right on my like Cinderella's shoe. When I walked out of the room to show my boyfriend, his jaw dropped... :)


My only complaint is that I wish I had fuller breasts to fill it in... but I can't blame the dress for that.


I am 5'5" 134lbs. and I got a size 8, which was perfect.


Can't wait to wear it!


