Had to go up one size. I originally ordered a six. I'm 5'8". 148 lbs. 34-29-41.5. It was tight in the waist and rib cage. Ordered the 8. Fit perfect!! Love this dress!!


I am in between sizes it seems. The 16 was large and the 14 was small. The material is silky smooth, however the top fits awkward. This dress just didn't work for me. However sending the product back was easy and I received my refund within days!


I bought this dress for a holiday party last year. It came very quickly, a bit wrinkled but nothing a spray straightner and an overnight hanger didn't fix. The train on the dress is pretty long. I didn't mind because it was such a beautiful dress. I generally wear a large or x-large shirt. I bought this dress in an X-large and it fit perfectly. I'm only 5'4 so anyone taller would probably have a better time with the train that I did.


I read the past reviews to help me decide on the size and I am glad I did.  I am a small chested lady and this dress fits beautifully.  I did sew cups into the bust of the dress just because you really can not wear a bra and you probably wouldn't want to.  The train is lovely and it looks very nice after you steam it. Highly recommend!


AFter readin reviews and checking my measurements I ordered a 6 and an 8 to ensure I had a dress to wear for our military ball coming up. I am 34-29-41 and 5'10" and the 8 is what fit me almost perfectly. The 6 I could zipped halfway but no where near to zipping up over my chest, and for the record I am fairly flat chested. Definitely wise to go a zie up.


Besides sizing the dress is perfect for wha tI need it for, the neckline is a little low and I think if I had any larger of a chest I would be uncomfortable with the possible cleavage, nothing double sided tape can't fix. The dress is definitely long enough for me with heels on! I am very happy with it! And for the price you can't beat it! Just pay close attention to the sizing


Looks like a red nightgown.  Shows off all imperfections.  Won't be wearing this.


I bought this as a Halloween costume and for the price its fine. I feel that it runs a tad large which surprised me after reading the other reviews and I am a curvy size 12. I ordered a 12 and think I couldve gone down a size and been fine. With a few tweaks it will work for my costume so its not a big deal. If it was for a real function Id have to have it altered or exchanged. Im almost 5'8 and in heels over 6ft and the dress hits the floor so I think the length is good. My only serious gripe is how long the straps are which is causing the v-neck front to dip REALLY low. Like, obscenly low. Literally, the dip is lower than my boobs hang. Thats a bit of an issue- when the straps are pulled up to simulate the length they should be everything looks fine- so again just a tweak needed.


Quality is fine- arrived wrinkled but who cares. For the price- and my needs- I think its pretty good.


I ordered this for a work function but was unable to wear it because it needed minor alterations. It has a wonderful red color and great workmanship. I was surprised by the quality considering the price. Wish there was an option without the train.


I followed the size chart to ensure I ordered the right size. The bust was way too large and the hip area was way too tight. The waist area was also a bit large, causing the dress to sag in the back. I think I might have to return it because of the fit but it is a beautiful gown.


Really nice for the price, you will need to get it hemmed though.


