This dress fit perfectly, and the size chart was very accurate. I needed this dress for a Military event, and it worked out great. The price for this dress is a steal, and if you are needing a tasteful dress that also makes you feel sexy, this one is for you!!


Fit like it was custom made for me. Received so many compliments! People thought I paid a fortune for it and paid to have alterations (which I did not) Color was rich and gorgeous. Fabric looked amazing, but was light weight and breathable. Wish I had an excuse to wear this dress every weekend!


The dress fit perfectly. it would look nice for a simple beach wedding but also for a new years evening party.


Loved it.


great


Lovely dress.  A really great deal for the price and a nice formal piece to have on hand.


When I first saw this dress, I liked it! I bought this dress to attend a military ball. I looked at so many dresses for this ball. While searching through so many dresses I'll continue to select this dress, not knowing it was the same dress in the beginning, but in different colors. My husband, is the one that had to keep reminding me it was the same dress I looked at before, but a different color. Right there, I realized I needed to go ahead and purchase this dress since it seemed I kept going in circles. This was my husband's favorite dress out of all the ones I selected. The one he preferred was the "red dress". He wanted his "woman" to be in RED, he said.


When the dress arrived, I was so nervous thinking it wasn't going to fit. The dress looked very big when I pulled it out of the bag. When I put the dress on it was hard to zip. The zipper is very delicate. My husband had to help zip me up. For him to zip it, he had to hold the dress together and zip it slowly. You have to be careful not to pull it, or else it's going to break. The material of the dress is soft and silky. You have to be careful your hands are clean and dry. Once we got the dress zipped, that "baby" laid on me so nicely! I was like "wow".  My husband loved it! For the price you can't go wrong. Now the only other thing is hoping my bra fits good. My bra costed more than my dress. Victoria Secret helped me to choose a bra that should work. I got the tape bra that has the deep cut in the front so it can't show due to the "V" cut in the front. We'll see how everything works out the day of the ball. Keeping my fingers crossed.....


It was too large in the chest and way too low cut for my liking.  I had to return it.


Worth the price. Fit well


this dress is beatifull but is to big in the back,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  i was nice but is to big  ...  this


The fabric was gorgeous!!! It's a very beautiful and elegant dress. The size that I ordered was a bit large, but it was totally fixable. I ordered the burgundy color and it looks amazing!!!


