great price, is as pictured. fit great


I usually wear a size 12 in dresses but ordered up a size after reading other reviews. This fit beautifully everywhere except the bust. Being a 38F, I kind of expected that and am going to get it altered. For the money, the dress is beautiful and will look great (I hope) once it's altered.


I got this as my reception dress. It's lightweight, fits beautifully, inexpensive & easy to move around in. I would recommend a silicone backless-strapless bra, amazon has them for around $8, because it is not very flattering in the chest area. Overall I love this dress & can't wait to wear it.


LOVE IT!!! However, I ordered a size too small, going by their chart it should have fit. I did order one size up and I hope I get it on time for my party on Sunday!!


smooth fabric.  looked nicer on the model than me.  The chest area was higher and smaller than I expected looking at the picture.  That was the only real surprise


Way too small...couldn't get the zipper up at all. This dress is not made well -- would not recommend for purchase. I returned it right away.


This dress was the BOMB! I wore to my mom's and auntie 70th Birthday party and I received so many compliments.  It LOOKED GREAT ON ME. However, I did have to get it altered only bc I went 2 sizes larger than my size. Im a 12 and brought a 16. Loved the back and clevage areas.


Fits as expected. Very comfortable and easy to iron/steam. Lots of compliments.


I think this is true to size but definitely not for a person with a large chest.


The dress fit just fine, even if it wasn't meant for a person with a small torso.


The main reason it is being returned is because it appears that someone already took the dress out on the town.  There were stains around the chest and snags on the chest, sides, near the bottom, and the zipper was already coming undone as well.


Hopefully others have a good experience, but this order didn't pan out for me.


