This dress definitely has the ability to be a show-stopper! It fit as expected, however it was a little lower cut than I expected. I'm 5'4 and the dress is LONG - I wore 5" heels and the length was still a bit long. The dress is backless, and since going braless wasn't an option, I found a backless bra. I still ended up using fashion tape to secure the dress on the top to ensure that everything stayed where it should! I got many compliments on this dress - and everyone was amazed when I said "I got it on Amazon!"


Way too small in torso.


 I have 3 other dresses from Ever Pretty, they fit well. In fact they're all a bit on big side.


I did so much research and BOTH dresses I ordered for an important Black Tie Gala are absurdly small around torso.


But TOO BIG in the chest and hip area. I looked at many many photos for this dress and am stunned how far it plunges.


It's very strange because I am a perfect hourglass (37-29-38) and this dress should have fit comfortably.


I am so sad that I will now just go back to buying formal dresses in the real world.


I wanted a very simple wedding dress, and I picked this one partly because of the slight train in the back. The dress fits as I expected. I am almost 5' 4" and normally a size 0 petite to a size 2 petite, and the size 4 fit me perfectly. If anything, it was slightly too big, but when I pulled the knot higher in the back, it provided more coverage. It came badly wrinkled, but I was able to iron them out using a low heat setting. You will definitely need some coverage for the chest area. It is possible to buy backless strapless bras (that offer virtually no support) to make the chest area not see-through. The high waisted band was coverage enough for me. Also, some type of spanx maybe helpful (which I forgot to bring on my actual wedding day), but if you are very flat waisted, nude or light pink underwear will work (which is what I ended up using). For the price, it is unreasonable to expect a high quality dress, but I was very satisfied with the photographs of me in the dress.


I bought this in a size 6 - I normally wear a size four.  The dress is made out of cheap material and the stomach area is VERY unflattering.  If you are at all self-conscious about your stomach, don't get this. I am a fairly thin person and I didn't feel comfortable enough to wear it out.  Of course by the time I was able to get it steam cleaned and try it on for my event, I was past the return date for this dress and now I'm stuck with it - tags and all. Waste of money.


Just a few nips and tucks and it worked out just fine!  Lightweight and an excellent purchase as compared to the higher costs of Davids Bridal!  I loved this company as they helped out soooo much with shipping back and forth!  Each of my girls had a little different shape and breast size.  I will tell you for the cost all is took was a little thread the day of the wedding to look spot on!


I got this because I was looking at dresses for a formal. I wasn't a huge fan of the thin material and how cheap it felt, although the seams were strong and good quality. I just prefer softer, lusher cotton/spandex type materials instead of this dress's paper-ness.  It took me a minute to figure out how to put the straps on, but once I did the front and back both looked as they should. I would definitely recommend this for functions where you're going to be far away from the the viewer because while there is nothing wrong with the style, the up close it just a little straggly. Unfortunately I waited to look to return it, but it was relatively cheap anyway so I will probably just keep it around and find something to wear it to later.


Loved this dress. I ended up not keeping it as the bride and I found a dress we both liked better. But for the short time I had it on while trying it out I felt amazing! Only downside was trying to figure out what bra would work, the traditional sticky cups still showed in the center even when not clipped together. A smaller girl in the bridal party ended up getting this dress and it looked amazing. Honestly if I had another event come up to wear this dress it would be worth it to me to buy it again and spend the time finding a bra that would work for me. :)


I am a short, curvy size 10-12, and need a dress for a wedding this summer. Despite some of the reviews I read from other curvy girls, I decided to take a chance, since the dresses (I ordered 2 from Ever Pretty) seemed such good value, and I for one am not frightened by a little cleavage! The dress arrived crazy fast, within 2 days, and looked awesome even while I was taking it out of the cheap plastic! I am a texture person, and was worried it would be cheap, itchy and plastic-y feeling. The fabric was smooth and sleek, the color was beatiful, although different than I thought I would be getting (more of a teal green than the green pictured), and I tried it on immediately. I knew it would need to be shortened, (everything does), but I did not think I' d be spilling out from every angle. I have sewing skills and thought I could take some off the bottom and maybe add to the top, but there was no way. The straps are extremely narrow in the boob area and low cut in the front and sides and has no back really, so there was nothing to be done. The dress is beautiful, and amazing value. So sad to return it...


Stunning dress! Wore it to New Years Eve wedding. 5'3', 124 lbs, ordered the size 4 in green. Had to get it hemmed professionally. Also had to (easily) hand stitch some of the top behind the waist band, as it was loose in the side/armpit area. So glad I read the reviews. Beautiful!


This dress is beautiful. I ordered it in a hurry for a wedding I was attending and it arrived very quickly. I wasn't sure how it would fit, but it fit very nice. For me, my problem area is my hips and tummy area and this helped to disguise things. It's low cut in the front and back, but not so low in the back that you can't wear a high waist body slimmer (basically shorts). For the front, I don't have a whole lot up top, so I wore an adhesive bra (two separated cups) and used some fashion tape to keep the edges of the fabric from gapping. It worked perfectly for me and I plan to wear it again. Great price and they have great customer service as well. Highly recommend.


