This is an absolutely beautiful dress and fits well.  I bought this one and one in black, it is a show stopper!!


material is not as high quality an dit was definitely big on me.


The dress is great, but I'm a bit smaller on top then bottom, so had to have it taken in about 2 inches on each side. Now it fits perfectly, other then been really long, but I love It ( :


this dress is too large in the breast and back area but with a little alteration it will be perfect for the price!!!


The straps need a little adjustment the colour was not what I expected, but the length was good so to was the material.


Very satisfied the size chart was right on. The only suggestion I would make is that they should provide instructions for Washing and getting wrinkles out, there was no tag even saying what the material was made of


Dress was too big for me.  The style didn't work for me as my waste is too short for the way the dress was made.


The dress is beautiful, however it does fit a little bit small. I am usually a size 4, but it this dress did not closed completelly... Had to take it to alterations.


I don't know why so many people were wow'd by this dress.  Really?  It's Okay for the price, I guess, but that's about it.  The fabric on this dress is not high quality what so ever.  It has the look and feel of the fabric used to make kid's princess Halloween costumes.  Seriously, it does.  So that means it is thin, has no stretch, and has the ability to wrinkle.  It does have a thin lining but that doesn't erase what the outer fabric is like.  It looks fine from a distance, lol and I may wear it but I am not impressed by any stretch of the imagination.  I've bought cheaper (sale) dresses and felt the quality was much better. The picture makes it look like silk but it is not.  If you are looking for a cheap dress, it's okay, but remember... you get what you pay for!


Dress was perfect for a charity gala! Fit, was perfect length (I am med height), thin and flowing.  Does show cleavage.


