Love the dress. The chest area was a little large, but I was able to make a couple of small changes with a needle and thread, and I was good to go. Loved the feel and look. Got a ton of compliments on the dress.


Good


So I ordered this dress for a wedding as my friend and I will be bridesmaids and the color scheme is purple/plum.


First I went with something so inexpensive because who wants to spend so much money on something you may use once or twice. Well this dress by far has exceeded my expectations. The purple is dark and rich, almost a royal purple. It is a bit long, but the length makes it look elegant. We will be wearing the dress with gold chandelier earrings...I am sure it will be a hit.


I am usually a size 10, I had to return the first order for a size 12. The waist and bottom was not the problem in the 10, it was the bust area. I wear a 36 D and the dress would not zip in the bust. The 12 is perfect. My exchange was simple and quick!


The neckine is a bit plunging and low, so I may have to wear something on top for the church or have a seamstress add some material to the chest area from the bottom as the dress has extra length. Actually, i would rather not cover up the plunge, but for a wedding it may be too much. LOVE LOVE LOVE and would recommend the dress and color.


The bust size was way big but fit well everywhere else. The zipper wasn't of quality either but it worked. I read the other review's on this dress so I kinda knew what to expect on those 2 things. The dress served its purpose and my boyfriend loved it. I plan on purchasing from the designer again. The price was awesome and the dress was beautiful. Nothing bad to say about it from me


I wore this to a black dress party and it was a hit!  Fair warning I couldn't wear a bra with it but a couple band-aid's did the trick.  The fit was what I expected for a size 12.  I am pretty curvy and this really shows off a larger butt well.  I highly recommend this dress and this company.


I am very average size, the dress fit fine, color is great ( I got the red) I don't get the reviews about cheap fabric, mine is heavy, even lined. I am very happy with this dress.


this is my daughters prom dress and it fits her to a T, thought because its plain wouldnt be a good prom dress. But let me tell you - you have to put it on to see it, it fits every curve, awesome dress. Pictures coming soon


Very pretty, it fits beautifully. The material is very nice I like that it flows and it's not bulky or " poofy". It makes you feel and look very elegant


Really gorgeous dress, but a little tight up top. Not tight in the boob part, but in the actual side part, I couldn't zip it up and I had ordered exactly the size I normally order.


I wore this to a black tie wedding and received endless compliments.  It's a great dress at an even better price!


