I wear a 6 and the 6 fit great.  Just had to get the shoulders adjusted slightly to tighten the bust. I'm wearing this on the beach for my wedding.


I love the material and the color it is exactly as expected. If you are busty on top know that you will be showing a lot of cleavage and this dress does not leave room for any type of bra and material is thin in that area there is no padding, prepare to wear pasties or some sort of coverage for a flawless look


I gave it a three cuz though I followed the size chart it didn't really fit on my upper part. If you don't have size 36 boobs this won't be the best dress for you. I had to return mine cuz there's no way I can walk and be proud wearing it cuz I'm a 34 cup size (only). But the color is very elegent purple. I love the silk feeling of it and the dress is very long so if you're 5'4", you might need to hem it.


Pretty dress but sizing was not consistent with other dresses ordered from same brand. This was much larger than other dresses.


I ordered this dress in the plum purple for being a bridesmaid in a wedding. It fit perfectly and the color just photographs amazing! I had to add a little padding in the bust area for a little more support, but other than that, it was perfect and at a GREAT price too! I got so many compliments at the wedding. Thank you Ever Pretty!


I'm 5'9 about 150 lbs, and this dress fit well except it was for someone much shorter torso. It has a small train on the back.  The cut is otherwise very forgiving.


This dress is okay but it definitely fits weird. the top is too big. I have to get it taken in


This dress photographed like it may have been a cheaper dress.  I needed to get the bust area altered because I dont have the breast to match the bottom but I was pleased with my purchase.  For the price, this dress did the TRICK!!


I'm 5'11" so I wasn't expecting it to fit me like the model.  It is short for me. Barefoot my feet and ankles show. It doesn't bother me all that much, just annoying. I would have been happier if it was longer. Other than that it's a pretty good dress, the blue color is pretty, and it fits fairly well. I'd just say if you are taller than 5'8" your feet will more than likely show. As long as you are alright with that, it's a fun dress.


I bought this dress for prom because I don't really like prom dresses, and I love the dress. But I'm a size 13 and didn't want to risk it being too small by ordering a 12, so I bought a 14. I'm a 36DDD and I thought it would not be a problem in the chest area like other reviews said. But I got it today and the straps were so log that it droops in front and back. So I recommend being prepared to alter the chest when you buy, or order a size smaller and wear a lot of spanks. I'm just trying to decide whether to twist the straps more and reattach them, or cut them shorter and keep the two twists.


