This dress was surprisingly elegant and was better than it looked online. It was a little large for a size 8 but it arrived as expected and the color was the same vibrant color as it appeared. The material is satin and the back has a beautiful and subtle trailing detail in the back. Frankly, it could be cut off later and be a cocktail dress too.


Very nice dress. The quality is also amazing for the price of the dress. It wears a lot more expensive that what I paid for it. very nice!


beautiful dress, great color. love the back. classy sexy and comfortable. the material wrinkles easily and is delicate. it arrived quickly.


About what I expected from the materials... But the bust/waist ratio for the measurements made the chest area seem a bit snug.


Otherwise, it suited its purpose just fine. I'd wear it again... If I had something to wear it to, of course. =P


I was not wowed by this  dress.  It looked fine from the waist up to the shoulders. The color was true to description-like an emerald color.  Yet from the waist down, it was way too long of skirt/hem. Plus, the quality felt too thin. The dress looked flat to me. For a girl who is 5'9 and up, this dress would be fine to wear.


The dress was so pretty! It was perfect for our anniversary pictures.


the color is beautiful, but the material is too cheap. it doesn't have any pads in the boobs area., i had to remove some pads from my bikini to use it.


Fit not as appealing as the picture, even though I purchased the correct size


Great dress! Felt the right touch of sultry. I could have selected a size smaller. My miscalculation. Thanks.


This dress is beautiful. The fabric is soft and fell nicely. I am 5'8 and the dress fell a little short for me to wear with heels to my event.


Additionally, if you are busty - be careful. The deep V in the front is *gorgeous* but your ladies will be on full display.


I would recommend this dress to others for a fun evening event.


