I got this dress in green for our graduate school winter formal after reading all the reviews. I made the mistake of not using the given size chart and got a dress too small for me. As it turns out, the size 10 is great if you're a medium and a B-C cup. Thanks to Prime, I got the new size in 2 days. I ended up using the Maidenform plunge bra instead of taping the dress. But I would agree with other buyers that tape and silicone covers are the way to go for the dress. The plunge bra is too thickly padded and can give you more cleavage than you'd want especially if you're a C cup or more :)


It really is very beautiful and I got so many compliments! The material is soft and free flowing and gives you a beautiful hourglass figure. Definitely get the dress steamed and you might want to tie a ribbon round the train so that you can pick it up. The venue was crowded and even with heels, a couple of people did step on the train.


I received this dress quickly and was pleasantly surprised upon opening the package. Firstly I was confused as to whether it was actually my dress in there as it came folded in the tiniest bag ever! My hopes dropped into my toes! Disappointed and all the negative reviews rushing through my head I got a knife and started opening the bag. First thing I felt when I saw the material as I pulled the dress out was awe at the majestic color and soft, silky material. As I fully opened the dress I was overcome with pleasure as I realized it was fully lined and as beautiful as pictured (minus the millions of wrinkles that I successfully steamed away). Overly excited I tried the dress on and it fit absolutely perfectly (I'm 5'5 and extremely tiny weighing 104lbs and with a bra size of 32A) I ordered a size 4.


All in all not even the packaging could lose a star for this impressive dress for a steal of a price! Great buy!!!  Just follow the sizing chart


This dress is absolutely gorgeous. It has the kind of simplicity that looks like it cost a fortune. The fabric is wonderful, a matte silky skirt and the top a perfectly dyed to match chiffon. A slight train in the back adds an extra touch of sophisticated glamour.


I normally were size 4-6 or small/medium and I am 5'7" and a D cup. The dress is a perfect length with heels. The problem with this dress is that it doesn't accommodate a larger chest. It was a bit tight to zip up but the criss-cross back means the triangle cups are very tight and no way to adjust. This dress, IMO, should have the pattern changed to be a halter or the back pieces should have elastic on the bottom to be more flexible. As such, i am returning the one I bought, which doesn't change the fact that it is a fantastic dress, especially for the $$. I will probably order another, several sizes larger and see if i can have it altered.


I love this dress, it will work perfectly for a masquerade party that I am going to. It's VERY soft and very comfortable. I recommend this dress for special occasions if you don't want to spend a ton of money. The fabric isn't top quality, but if you want great quality fabric on a long dress, spend more than $50. The shape is great and extenuates my small chest just enough without looking raunchy. I am very happy with my purchase!


I am 5'6'' and 132 lbs. Mybra size is 32 B. My measurements are 32-28-38. I bought a size 6 based on another girl from the reviews however the dress is a bit big on me. I plan to take in the sides and maybe take up the length a bit.


So I am going to give this dress 5 stars even though it was too large. I am usually a Large/medium top (I have a 32D/32DD cup) and pants im usually an 8 some 6. I am 5'3" about 150 in the reviews most recommended a size 10. So that is what I ordered. It was way to long, which i expected. However i could fit the dress on over my sweats!!!


No with all that being said it is a beautiful dress and I plan on giving it to my sister as a gift and reordered the dress in a size 6 that fit amazingly on!


I hemmed the back put some pasties on and rocked the night away!!!


Of you are considering this dress just buy it!!! It is worth it. I refused to return it because ot was to beautiful and would make a prefect gift!


I actually LOVE the dress, it is just too large. I ordered going off the size chart what I should be (a size 10) but the dress is 2-3 sizes too large for me. So I placed a new order for the dress in a smaller size and am returning the original order.


The color is vibrant and rich. The material is very soft and silky. I love the train of the dress, it is longer in the back, and very elegant.


The deep plunging neckline is a bit much for me, I will likely alter that on the replacement dress, but I am small chested.


I will update this post later with pictures of the original dress and the replacement dress. I purchased a size smaller than I expect to wear with a goal to fit into it by June for the event I ordered the dress for.


This was a gorgeous dress.  I am 5'6", 165#, and it fit quite well.  I had to take up the straps to avoid flashing the whole world, but that it typical for every evening gown I buy.  Also, as many reviewers have mentioned, be very, very gentle with the zipper.  Patience is a virtue!


No, you can't wear any kind of bra with this dress.  I couldn't find petals here in South Korea, so I wore giant bandaids to cover any cold-weather side effects.  I was able to get all the wrinkles out with an iron on low heat with no steam.


Just beware - this dress is plenty long, and the train is apparently even longer!  My husband and I were making bets halfway through the night on how many MORE people would step on my dress - I think in the end it was 5 or 6.


For the price, this is hard to beat.  I definitely recommend it.


This dress is phenomenal! I have never bought anything online and not had a single complaint until this dress!! The fabric is not as shiny as silk but has an elegant sheen to it..makes me feel like a million bucks walking on the red carpet. I bought marchite green which is more of a dark teal...absolutely gorgeous color on pale or dark skin!! I wish I took pictures while i tried it on but I was so excited to write this review I took it off and sent it to dry cleaners to get steamed. My measurements are 34-27-37 and I got a 4. The bottom is flowy while the top accentuates bust and waist. Buy it!!! I love it so much I am going to make my bridesmaids wear it!


Mid-move I needed a formal dress and was reluctant to spend much as I knew I'd shortly be reunited with my many formals.  I found this dress and decided to take a chance.  It was well worth it!  The sizing is British, so it's important that you look at the actual measurements provided, and not the size, but I found that it was true to the sizing they indicated.  I needed to have the back straps taken in slightly to not have the front sag, but I believe that would be true of any dress of this nature.  The dress is a gorgeous classic and you'd never guess the cost from looking at it.  It's a very flattering cut, particularly if you're fuller chested or hour-glass shaped - it may be equally flattering for other figures, but I can't speak to those.


I'm 5'1 and with 4 inch heels didn't need it taken up, but did have to hold onto the train to avoid trouble.  The material is beautiful and the color is gorgeous.  I'd strongly suggest spanx with the dress.  I went braless due to the failure of the breast lifts I'd ordered to arrive, and if you have the back straps fitted, it was quite comfortable.


Overall, a great dress, particularly for the price.


This dress is PERFECT!! I'm so happy OMG $39? so cheap! this will be my wedding dress, I'm 5'8 and I'm about 135, I normally wear a size 6 but most reviews said to go a size up so I ordered a 8 it fits perfect (I'm a 34 b chest and I will use some padding of some kind but more than anything to make them look round and nice) so comfortable, soft and has a small train in the back, yes it's wrinkled but it ships in a small package which it was free for me so I don't care, I will have this steamed by a professional anyway... I mean seriously if you go to a boutique you'll pay 200-300 bucks for the same dress or more, so deal with few wrinkles and the small packaging, you saved time and money by getting it here.


