Dress is great but very loose on top. Have to get fixed. The dress matieral is very thin but pretty.


i bought this dress thinking that it would look greet but the material is super cheap it almost feels like a plastic bag! also you really need huge breast in order for this dress to look good and so you can fill the front. the V-line is too dragged down! BAD BAD BAD BAD never buying from here in my life.


The dress fit a bit large in the chest area, but was very pretty once on.  However, the zipper is awful - it got stuck when I was getting dressed for the dining out and would not go up or down.  We had to cut the zipper to get it off and I had to wear something else that evening.


the dress color is  a little off but it is such a gorgeous dress that you wouldn't notice. I purchased my sized but maybe I will go a size smaller for now on. i will puchase dresses from here again. love the dress


Fits great! We will be using for bridesmaid dresses so a little alteration in the straps is normal. It's a figure flattering dress and well worth the value!! It's thin material so it works for my outdoor summer evening wedding. It hugs the smallest part of the waist then flows out in an A line. It's perfect, just what we were looking for!


I have bought several of these dresses. I usually wear a 4, but get two sizes larger in this brand. By doing so, it fits perfectly. Wore this to a military ball. Looked great.


this dress is GORGEOUS! I used the sizing provided and it fit all the way up to the chest. I guess I am just too busty but I followed the measurement chart exactly! so sad to return it


the dress, it's made well, and I should have remembered formals tend to run small and me ordering the same size I buy my dresses in a 4. I am going to buy the 6 and see ;)


I usually wear a US4 in dresses. There is no way I could even get the zipper up on this. I am returning. Will try the US6 and update this review.


Otherwise, for the price, the style and fabric is really nice. Otherwise I wouldn't even bother re-ordering it in a bigger size. (Especially since the price went up $10 since I placed the order for the US4!)


After reading every review I was cautious to purchase this dress. I am so glad I did. The dress is thinner than I expected so I'll have to wear a slip. No big deal. I bought a size 10 on the safe side and I could have gotten away with the 8. So some alterations are in order but no big deal again. For the price it can't be beat. It feels wonderful against my skin and my husband loves it.


