I LOVE THE DRESS.  The zipper has a small problem around touching but otherwise it's an amazing dress. LOVE IT


This dress is amazing look beautiful, the only think is I'm 5.1 and the drees is to long , I order a size 8 and fit perfect .


The straps were a bit long so I had to sew them up but otherwise this is a great dress. I received many compliments.


Although the dress was a bit large on the top, I had it tailored to better fit.  I also had them fix the front since it was a bit too revealing.  The dress is absolutely worth getting.  It is really beautiful and the price is perfect.  I wore it to a captain's night dinner on a cruise and received so many compliments.  The red is vibrant and the material is soft and silky.  I love it!!


Not a bad dress. Thin fabric but great color. Worth the 30 it is, don't expect too much. I am somewhat large in the chest and it's a little small.


Material not very good, cut also different to shown


When I found it I stoped looking for something else. I am waiting the day of my event. And I have to say that I bought 2 dresses in different color. I love them.


Had to return as the zipper is very flimsy and wouldn't zip up. Everything else was just as expected and would have kept it if it had a better zipper.


This dress is cute and well made. From the waist up it is lined so that you don't have to worry about bra lines showing through. For me, the waist was a little too high. The waist started midway through my bust, but I have a long torso so that could be why. In general I think if you wear a bridal size 6 this dress in a 6 should fit you well, provided you are not super tall.


I have now purchased 3 to 4 dresses from Ever Pretty now and they are all Gorgeous.I also LOVE the fact that they cater to the larger sizes. Great idea for any fashionable woman or like me, a stylist drag queen. Anyway Gorgeous Dresses and Good Prices on them. Will shop with this seller many more times in the future. Thanks again - Michael Smith


