The dress was elegant and fit perfectly. Very satisfied with my purchase. i loved it. Was the attention of the night.


I will start out by saying that this is a beautiful dress even though I did end up sending it back.  I bought it in black and it was extremely flattering.  I am 5'9" so without heels it almost hit the ground in front.  With heels on (about 1.5 to 2 inches) It was safely off the ground aside from the trailing back as in the description.  I had my husband dance with my in the living room and decided that this would NOT be comfortable on a wedding dance floor because I was stepping on the back of the dress.  The material is also very thin.  I was extremely worried that anything pokey be it a rough end on a chair or even my own nails would snag it.  There is somewhat of a built in slip so you don't have to worry about it being see though.  For a $45 dress I guess you can't expect outstanding material.


As far as the fit to the whole dress goes, it fit me fairly well.  I purchased an 8 (US).  As I said I am 5'9" so the length was right in the front (don't buy it if you don't want to deal with the extra material in the back if you are any shorter because it will be a pain in the butt).  I am approximately 34"-30"-38".  The waist and hit area were wonderful and the dress was very slimming.  The bust was fine though there was a bit of gaping at the sides.  You are fairly well covered and held in, but leaning and turning just the right way could lead to you showing a lot more than you want to.  As I said the material is thin and there is not lining in the bust so I don't think this would make a great cold weather dress for anyone who is shy - you do the math.


I guess you can take your chances.  It is a steal for the price and it is beautiful.  With the fabric consistency and the trailing back I am afraid I would have only gotten one use out of it so I just decided to save my money and send it back.  I hope this helps prospective buyers!


I'm too busty for the dress..but it's really pretty..I hate that I have to return it for how.much it really cost


Just a little big but is an amazing dress,  i recomended 100%, the color is great.  I totally love it


Beautiful on,except slides of shoulders abit. Other wise Great deal!


Nice


Had a great day. Dress was a bit large but worked wonderful for the occassion


I am 150 lbs and 5'8" and the size 8 fit great. I have had trouble finding a bra that I can wear with this dress however and have probably spent 3 times the amount on possible bra solutions than I did for the dress.


I recommend this dress for anyone!! It is very pretty.


Ordering clothes online is kind of scary for me - I have an hourglass figure, so I usually have to get things tailored. With this I did but the lady who tailored it for me said it was so easy to tailor. I had to let it out at the bottom because I have such large hips -but we were able to let out 3 seams and it was more than enough room. Because I am small chested, we had to take in the top, but it's so easy. We just tucked it under the band.


Other than the tailoring I LOVE the dress! I am 5'4" and with high heels it's a good length (and I mean high heels). There is a little train on it, just enough to make it very elegant but not too much where you're getting stepped on all the time. The material is light and flowy, which I just love and the red is a deep, gorgeous red. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.


