Wore this dress to a formal gala - was very comfortable and got great feedback. I ordered the green - the color is more teal than emerald, but still beautiful. I am 5'7" 170lbs (hippy, busty, nipped at the waist) and the 12 fit wonderfully. I don't like things too tight and this was just roomy enough in the hips. Surprisingly it was a smidge big in the bust and I almost NEVER have issue filling out the top of a dress (36D). So i just safety pinned the top back to make the halter a little more "supportive". All in all - great buy for the price.


Purchased through Prime and arrived right on time!  I am 5'7, 155lbs, 36D. I ordered a Large and it fit great except for the top. It was pretty easy to pin back and make fit. Nice material.  With a large on my frame it was pretty forgiving. I wore a high waist tummy tuck garment and it was perfect.  There is no way a bra can be worn with this. I had my sister pin the top tight enough to hold everything in place.  But if you fee like you are going to need to wear something than i recommend getting the stick on bra.. about 20.00 at target. All and all it was a great dress.


beautiful dress, well made, great fabric!


Had it in blue, looks exactly like the picture...Very elegant, I really love it.


I dance all night, very comfortable dress!


I am 5.4, 145 pounds, size 8 fits perfectly


The dress overall was good quality.  It was too big for me, so I have to return it.  I won't be able to get a smaller size because my boobs won't then fit into the top.  I went by the sizing chart and ordered a 10, which isn't abnormal for getting a "bridesmaid" type dress, I normally wear a 6.  I easily could have gotten an 8 or maybe even an 6 but having 34DD I wouldn't have been able to wear it without falling out.


I ordered a size 6 and I am glad I went with that and not the 4. This dress fits a little snug on me high up on the ribcage below the bust line. My actual bust line is a 34. I have broad shoulders and I am bigger in my laterals and ribcage area, I am an athletic build, I weight lift daily just to give you an idea of how form fitting this dress is. If this was to have a back zipper I do not think I would have been able to zip it up, but because I was able to narrow and pull down the zipper on the side I was able to fully zip it up. Once it is zipped it is snug, but not uncomfortable, and the dress does not fit so tightly as to show any lower body flaws. But the material is not stretchy at all and will not be forgiving if you are bigger busted or have a big ribcage. Do go by the size chart on the left and if you are even a cm over order the next size up or plan to loose weight in that area because you will not be able to zip up the dress. I will have to alter the straps slightly so that the girls do not show because I do not fill out the vneck bust. I am a B cup. I am 5'5 and the length is perfect with my 4 inch heels. There is a train that I will attach a loop to to be able to keep it off the ground while walking outside.


This dress is stunning. I ordered a blue size 4. The cut is very flattering and gives you the illusion of being curvier than you are. Even though it is beautiful I had to return this dress because it was snug at the rib cage. There is plenty of fabric to accommodate a large bust cup wise, but the rib was a big snug (I wear a 34.)  Also, the fabric was pretty thin. It wasn't see through, it just felt cheap.  I wouldn't recommend getting this dress in any other color except black or blue. The thin material wouldn't work well in lighter colors. I found a dress that worked better for me for the event I'm attending, but I'd consider trying this gown again for a future event.


I bought this dress a while ago. I have since then learned to read reviews thoroughly before ordering clothing online. This dress was pretty and the color was nice. The material has absolutely no give whatsoever. So if you have any rolls or love handles they will show. It runs very small and Is made very cheaply. Light stitching and poor quality zippers. It is very long so I had to have it tailored. I wouldn't buy this dress again. This is not a dress for anyone with curves.


For a dress of this price, purchased sight unseen using only a sizing chart (never correct, are they?), and as a person who usually has a difficult time finding anything that fits, I'm impressed! The color is a deep, smokey blue-green, and it's fully lined in a slightly darker shade. The cloth is silky and a nice quality--not like curtain lining as another reviewer said. Some reviewers complained about the wrinkles?! Obviously it comes wrinkled; duh, you have to get it steamed. I have pretty huge boobs (F cup-ish) and this covers most of them. ;) I'll be using some boob tape the night of the event, which is the Marine Ball in Jordan. If this dress hadn't worked, I would have been SOL so I'm very, very pleased. I highly recommend this company! Check out their website to see all of their variety. I wouldn't have found this style unless I'd looked there first.


I LOVE this dress! I was a bit apprehensive to order a dress online. I had to get a dress for a Black & White charity Ball but had a hard time finding one in the stores that didn't look like a teen prom dress. I am 5' 11 and typically wear a 14 or 16 depending on the brand so I got a 16 and figured I would have to take it in but it's perfect! The back hits the floor and the front just barely touches do I'll probably wear short heels or flats. Good quality look and feel and definitely a great buy for the price!  I tried it on without a bra and will probably get a nice smooth undergarment to tie it all together but highly recommend this dress!


I LOVE this dress!  I am so pleased with my purchase.  This is the first review I've left on a product but I was compelled to on this one because this dress is amazing.


I am a high school teacher and will be chaperoning prom.  I purchased this to wear as a formal dress without spending a ton (I am a teacher, after all).


The material IS thin but it is not as thin as some suggest.  It is satiny and fits perfectly.  I'm 5'9 and 137lbs.  I ordered a 4.  The length is perfect and the dress fits just right.  It is a bit loose up top (I'm small busted) but I have some inserts that I have used previously in another dress.  Some double sided tape and those inserts and I'm good to go!


I can't wait to wear this dress tomorrow.


Give this dress a try.  You won't be disappointed. I'll add a pic after Prom.


