While this is a very pretty dress, it has a few issues worth mentioning, the material is very thin/light weight,  the area around the underarm was very loose and sagging it had no coverage on the side of the breast, it didn't lay flat like in the pic and the lining stopped way above my ankles.  It could have been a lot better if it had built in bra cups for better shape and support. I think this dress could have really good potential if it was made with a heavier material, better lining and molded/shaped bra cups.  I thought of having it altered and putting cups in, but that would have cost more than the dress itself. Sorry I had to send it back.


This is my first review on amazon ever.  I decided to write it, so it will be helpful for other women!


The dress looks very simple and classy.  I wore a very big necklace to dress it up.  I attended a wedding in Malibu, Ca and got a tonne of complements on the dress!


I ordered it in black.  I do think it may look a little cheap in different colors; however, I am not sure.  I am size 4 and ordered 4.  It was a challenge to zip it as it was a tight fit. (kind of reminded me of a wedding dress a fitting)


It is very easy to wear even though it has a train.


I am very happy with my purchase!


When your options are David's Bridal and spending $200 or Nordstrom and spending $400 this dress is a steal and you will look gorgeous!! However, I am a 16 and other dresses from this company fit me but I have a bit of a tummy and the empire waist on this dress really hits me wrong!  Instead of the waist just below your bust and above your tummy like most "empire", this dress hits right at your middle belly button region. So for me this one didn't work. But I still recommend it for anyone decided whether or not to buy!!


I ordered this in a size ten, which at 5' 9" and mumbledy weight is a size smaller than I usually wear, based on the sizing guide. I was a bit anxious about it but checked and re-checked my measurements and pressed the button.


WOW. This fit like a second skin!  Well, everywhere but the bustline, which based on the other reviews saying the bodice ran large was what I expected. It was also VERY reasonably priced, so I was not afraid to alter the top myself and wear the evening gown on a recent cruise for 'formal night'.


Fit like a glove and I loved putting it on. Really made me FEEL sexy and glamorous, anyway!


I ordered this dress and I LOVE IT. Does require some wrinkle care before wearing, but overall, the dress is beautiful. Exactly as pictured. I bought it for my husbands Christmas party and I felt like a movie star in it. Not the biggest fan of the material since it shows any and all panty lines, but not a big hurdle to jump in comparison to how you will look in it.


To be honest, I didn't expect much when I ordered this dress. It was so affordable and I figured it would probably look cheap. I was wrong. The dress is beautiful. I wore it to a wedding and received SO many compliments on it! It was a stunning dress. The train on it is perfect. It fit true to the measurements provided. I am 5'4" and it was a little (well a lot) long, even with 5 inch heels on, so if you're on the short side like me, I would order it with enough time to get it hemmed. Also - if you're more on the busty side, you would probably fall out of it. Luckily I wasn't blessed in that area ;) I definitely recommend this dress. Well worth the money.


This dress is the only one out of (literally) 8 dresses that I tried on.  I am 5'6" and about 145 - 150 lbs.  My measurements are 38, 29, 41.  I purchased a size 8 and it fit like a dream!!!  Even the length was perfect with 2" heels.  It is very forgiving which is hard to believe with a silky looking dress.  The skirt has a liner which helps hide any imperfections.  I wish I had a photo of the dress on me.  I received multiple compliments when I wore this!!!


I really like this dress. The bust was a little roomy but I was able to take it in some to minimize the gape on the sides and exposing the lateral aspect of my breasts. That being said, if you're a bustier woman this dress will fit beautifully. The fabric is a very nice weight, not see-through and can easily be worn in the winter with a pashmina or shawl. I wore mine to a banquet and the only issue I had was with people stepping on the small train that the dress has. Even with 4 in heels there was a train but the dress was designed to hang floor length. I'm a size 2 normally and ordered a size 4 (based on the previous reviews) and I'm glad I did! There was no way I would've fit in a 2 and had enough space to breathe! I'm 5'6" & 114lbs. Overall I was very impressed with this dress!


I would give this five stars, except the bust fits a bit loose. I'm going to have to tailor the bust smaller. For reference, I got a size six and am a 34B, 27-28" waist, 39-40" hip. It fit perfectly everywhere except the chest. I think it would fit better with a C or D cup chest. Also, you'll want to wear pasties or a sticky bra or something, because the fabric is thin enough to show if you're feeling a bitty chilly, if you feel me. Seamless underthings, or perhaps a body shaper, wouldn't be a bad idea either to hide any lines.


I purchased two dresses from this company this and another and they sent me the wrong dresses. Also in their details page it


 States to use the US size. Well I did but was sent the UK SIZE Of the dress which is smaller than the US size now here i am in South Korea having to return two dresses. I emailed the company but there is quite a bit of time difference. The material is cheap but so was the price. I just can't believe I was sent the wrong size and the wrong dress I mean seriouisly ?


Hopefully the return process is painless because I will not be keeping these dresses.


