The color is stunning the fabric is nice. The dress is very beautiful going to a wedding. My guy said I look great in it....


needed to have straps altered, and midsection had to use safety pins to hold the folding in a good position to have it look like picture.  Material is only silky on outside.


I love the silk but I end up  fixing it , too big and too long for me .


Pretty color, but too tight on the waist and hips, too small on the bust (the sides do not fully cover, so unless you want some serious side cleavage this could be an awkward fit).


So I went by the size chart pictured and my dress fits really well. I'm 5'6 and wear an 8/10 and ordered a 10. Only complaint is that because I'm pear shaped my boobs aren't quite big enough to fill up the top. However, its nothing an adhesive bra and some dress tape can't handle. The green color is beautiful! It is darker than pictured but I expected some variation. Overall its exactly what o was looking for and I think my date is going to drop his jaw :-) fair warning, it is very low cut. If you have big boobs it may cross the sexy line into obscene so just be wary of that


Daughter wore this dress to prom.  Had a million compliments.  Many said it was their favorite dress of the night.  Such a great price too.


I needed a red bridesmaid dress.  In red this is nothing more than a glorified nightgown and nothing that could be worn in public.


I received it in a timely manner, but the zipper was broken.  Since I used promotional credit, I would've preferred an exchange, but my only option is to send the item back for a refund.


Pretty dress. Very thin not see through but not the thickness you would expect of a gown but you get what you pay for. It's similar to a slip. I'm 5'9 130lbs b cup I ordered a size 4 which was to small it fit my hips and waist but wouldn't zip up at the bust. It's a nice dress, the material and fit of the dress look better in the pics on the model than in real life so I decided to go with another dress.  Overall it's a nice dress but not as stunning as I thought


i recommend ordering a size up. I usually wear a size 4, but had to return it because it was way too tight. Size 6 was better.


