It was slightly long on the straps but was an easy few stitches i did at home to make it fit snug in the bust area.


It falls beautifully on the body as long as you have no lumps or bumps. It does run long and have a bit of a train in the back so i simply sewed a button on the back seem and made a loop to hang the train. I wore this dress for my second dress at my wedding reception. It was so perfect to dance in and have fun!


Yes the material is black and is shiny but a delicate shine, it mimics real silk. I was in shock to see how well done this dress was. It does NOT stretch so please measure yourself or go a size up. Love it and the price was great!


Never got around to sending it back for a refund, we've been too busy...but my wife said she hated this dress.


Pretty dress but thin material. You absolutely need a slip or body wear under this dress!


Runs about a size big. Material was kinda cheap, much like a costume.  Also  VERY low cut! More than I thought it would be.  I ended up returning this item. It wasn't quite right for Military Ball


Sizing is way off and material is like thin lining for a sheer curtain. The bodice area is loose and there's no way without significant alterations to make it fit properly. Also, states there is lining/padding in the bodice, there is none, it's the same thin fabric as the rest of the dress.


It looks just as it does on this photo. I am 5,6 and weigh 120 Lb. I am athletically built and I have small bust so it is little bit big on my bust but that is because I have small bust. I love it because it has that empire waist.  Other wise the dress is amazing. And material is really really nice.  Perfect dress for so little money.


I'm a size 8 or 10 and quite tall, and this dress was huge on me so I had to return it.  Very pretty color, deeper than a royal blue but brighter than navy.  It's fairly thin fabric.  If you're between sizes, definitely go with the smaller size.


It fit fairly well. I had to base everythi g on my bust size causing me to get a way larger size than I normally wear. It fit fairly well but needs minor adjustments since I'm a small person. With a very large bust


I returned this dress. It fit well but the waist area was messed up not sure if it was sewn wrong or just comes that way but it looked funny


