It's pretty. But it was wwaaaaayyyyy to big for me. It was too big for all my friends too. Really fancy material and a nice dress. But its very large. both in length and width. But especially lenght. The shoulders needed to be brought up and the skirt hemmed for anyone below 6" or wearing stilettos.


I bought this dress for my son's fiance' I had to shorten it about 5 inches in the front, take it up in the shoulders and in the center back to make it fit her.  The dress is of nice quality fabric, the skirt is lined, and it appears to be well made.  Was well worth the $40 for sure.


This is a beautiful dress, but it does run SMALL! I'm a 4-6US , 5'6" and 140 lbs, and the 6US was too snug. I contacted the seller and got it exchanged for a 8US. The fit is just perfect! A little too long but with 5" stilletos the problem was solved. It also has a train. Communicating with the seller was a wonderful experience. Thanks, Rosemarie!  Got my exchange within 2 weeks.


LOVE this dress the material is great but I have a DD breast and like most dresses it was a bit tight on my chest. Other than that this is the perfect dress for a special occasion


When I bought this dress i read every single one of the reviews because I am a tall girl (6') So I had to make sure that it would be long enough for me to wear with flats.  Was I wrong.  When I received this dress, it did not even come to mid calf.  It was way to short and way to tight for the larger size that I bought.  Not happy.


after reading many of the reviews on this dress i felt confident enough to make my purchase. boy am i ever glad i did the dress came today and when i tried it on i fell in love and never wanted to take it off. the sizing fit perfectly (even though i was worried and sketical about the size) and while others wrote that it was far more low cut and very loose in the chest area i do not seem to have that problem at all even being small chested. it is at an absolute length with my 4" heels and lays just right everywhere even with my funny build. i can't wait to wear it to the military ball in 2 weeks my boyfriend's jaw is gonna hit the floor when he sees how amazing i look. can't believe i only paid $30 for this dress, it is probably one of the least expensive items i have bought in this catagory in my entire life and yet my absolute most favorite!!!


The quality of this dress definitely exceeded my expectations given what it cost. I loved the contrast in length from front to back at the bottom. Being 5' 10", this had enough length in the back to wear 3.5" heels with and have it graze the tops of them in the front without looking too short.


It was a beautiful dress exactly what I was looking for in color & satin, however I am not very busty so it did not fit properly and I didn't want to have it altered, but because your gowns are so reasonable and extremely beautiful, I have decided to try another one same color not as much satin as I wanted, but hoping it will fit me better up there LOL...my big date is July 7th I am running out of time and I don't like a lot of store shopping. have been ordering most of my clothes of line for years.


I ordered this dress for my 6 bridesmaids to wear in my wedding. They were absolutely beautiful. The dress is true to size. It is so form fitting and elegant. I was very pleased with this item.


Horrible cut, not at all like it's pictured.  Would have cost more to alter it to get it to look like the picture than I originally paid for it.  Straight to donation pile.


