I did not like the material and the dress is big l don't like it.periodi need my money back now


The dress fit great and arrived really quickly.  I used the measuring chart they had in the picture and was very happy with the fit.  This is a really beautiful dress!


I purchased this dress in a sz large, I am 5'7" and regularly wear a sz L/8-10.  The dress looked great but the fit was awkward.  Length was perfect, waist was large and chest was tight.  I had the dress professionally tailored to fit my waist and a hook put in place on the back.  On the night of the event and within 5 minutes of my arrival, the zipper broke and I was left literaly hanging by the hook.  Save yourself the embarrassment and if you buy this, make sure you replace the zipper before you wear it.


I couldn't believe how well this dress fit. I NEVER purchase clothing online because I just never know...but this dress was fantastic. I only needed to get the straps adjusted. If you are ample of bosom, it will be perfect for you. LOVE this dress!  I got the royal purple color and it's beautiful.  And it turns out, the wedding I wore it to was purple themed, so I fit in perfectly. Love the plunging neck line! It's definitely a winner!


It was not too small in most places but I had a hard time zipping it up and I did not want to bust the zipper so I did not try too hard. The straps fit a bit weird. Too long. They just didn't sit right. It was way long for me. I am 5'2"ish. I am a but a 38D. (38-34-42) I had ordered the size 12. I have a bigger rib cage so I guess I could have ordered the 14 and have it altered. But that would have defeated the purpose of getting a good deal. It would have cost more to have it altered from everywhere. Oh well.


The material is soft, and the price was right. I got this on sale for $19.99 during a lightning deal and I was so pleased with it. The satin is soft and supple, and it is lined. I recommend double sided tape for areas that may pucker, as every figure is not model perfect, but this dress does hide your flaws well. I also purchased it in black.


this dress fits perfectly


Firstly, I have no complaints on the delivery of or condition in which the product arrived. That being said there are a few warnings I have for potential buyers...


1) the fabric feels like cheap faux satin sheets and is not clearly specified as to what the fabric actually is in any label or tag. Feels like it would go up in flames pretty quickly, stay away from candles!


2) The bodice and skirt portion fit fine but if you are of larger than average bust size then do not consider this dress. My breasts fell out on both sides and had this weird flattened and even indented in the middle effect where the halter is slightly gathered and attaches to the bodice.


Lesson learned... If a $45 dress looks too good to be true it probably is.


We took it to a taylor to fix it a little bit, but it was fine, fabric was fair, soft, the problem is that its too transparent, but no big deal than that.


may be we are an elder generation, and the new one its coming out to "show more"


I saw a couple of reviews saying that for tall girls it was fine with heels. Sadly for me being 5'10, the front doesn't hit the floor, even without heels on. The back is long enough that it does hit the floor with heels, but then it doesn't look quite right. The zipper is poorly constructed but if you're gentle, you can get it up. My measurements are 32a, 28, 38 and I purchased the 4, which fits apart from the length but isn't overly flattering on my chest (could be improved with the addition of some padding). I might get it tailored so the length doesn't look funny. Overall a good dress for the price and you get what you pay for.


