Color far darker that picture online.VERY LOW cut, both  in front and on sides, long bodice, tight in odd places and way to big on top....really disappointed. Not sure how you would even wear undergarments with it...bra would be impossible. Straps very long and made awkward to put on as well as try to figure out how to possibly alter. Decided to send back, Thought the color would be beautiful but not at all what was expected. Fabric ok, not see thru at all. Light but what I expected for the money. Bummer.


Bought these for our bridesmaids in our wedding.


The good: Comfortable, pretty, and can easily match just about anything


The bad: It's a bit longer than appears, breast pockets were made for bigger breasteses


This dress is an amazing value, I was of course very nervous when I saw the price tag, but when it arrived I was delighted. The packaging was fine, it was a $45 dress, I didn't expect it to arrive hanging and covered in plastic. The fabric isn't the best of quality, but for the price it is pretty wonderful. The dress looks exactly like the picture. I should have followed the sizing guide and bought what size I should have, but I ordered a couple sizes up, I'm returning this dress for a smaller size. Such a beautiful dress, and the red is a wonderful color.


I bought this dress in white for wedding photos on the beach. My real dress is too expensive. I struggled with what size to order after reading reviews. I'm normally a size 4 but large up top. My measurements matched for a size 6 according to the chart, but I ordered an 8 knowing I could always take it in. I have the same problem that most have complained about. The dress fits like it was made for me but the top doesn't sit right and I think that's just a design flaw. I will happily have it tailored as the dress was a bargain to begin with. I'm tempted to buy other colors for different events


I loved this dress! I had it tailored a bit but I wore it to two weddings! Unfortunately at the last one someone stepped on the train and it tore, had that not happened I would wear it to many other formal events.


Didn't like the color,looks cheap,and the dress is big on the breast and the back,but i didn't want to order a smaller size because it will be to small.


The dress is very long,if you buy it get ready to pay to someone to cut it down.


I love this dress. It looks great on me but my boobs look like they're trying to escspe. If you have a big bust as i do (32DDD) be careful because this dress isnt made to handle all of that. Despite this, i still really liked the dress i just had to order a special bra for it and use frabic tape to help keep it in place.


beautiful dress! Well worth the price! Dress runs long, but quality is great. I can't wait to wear this on my beach wedding..and to think I only spent $35!


The dress is very nice looking for the price is gonna be used in my cousins wedding. My daughter is only 105 lbs. and 5'6" is perfect for her


This dress was BEAUTIFUL!!! The shipping was fast and the dress was well made. I am 5'10 and I was skeptical about the length. I was pleasantly surprised that it was long enough! I did wear flats with this dress. I will be ordering this dress in a different color this year! The style of the back was amazing and I received so many compliments! You can't go wrong with this dress! Also, I typically wear a 6/8 and I ordered an 8. It fit like a dream!


