True to size . If 5'6, easily accommodates a 4-5' heel. This would be a great piece to add to your wardrobe,


I ordered this dress as an option for a black tie wedding. The shipping was fast and when I received the dress I was pleasantly surprised. Since the price was so low, I was expecting a trashbag with glitter.lol The material was nice and the "train" added the extra bit of flair for what would be just a nice dress. Unfortunately, I did not like how it looked on ME but that is not the dresses fault! I have back fat and I just was too uncomfortable with it being that exposed. I also assumed it zipped up the back but it was a side zipper which also made the fit awkward for me. Returning was simple and hassle free! I would definitely purchase from them again ;-)


Runs small, I ordered a 6 but it was suitable for a firend of mine who is size 2 and very slender. However, is a nice dress and quality is good for the pricing. The fabrics feel nice.


The only thing that I had to work on was the boobage area - it was a little big - I am a 36 B cup and the halter area was a little baggy, but nothing too significant where anything more than a side boob would show....


This dress is perfect for the price and whatever the occasion. I wish I had ordered the pink but I was swayed away because a review said that the fabric was very thin. It has two layers and I believe the light pink would have been no problem. I am still excited to wear this very flattering gown.


The dress did fit a somewhat small; however, at the time of purchase I was not 100% sure about my dress size. The fabric was soft and comfortable, and the dress looked elegant.


Amazing dress for the price


Fit perfect great lines and seems just where they need to be


was too small but the dress is gorgeous ... I liked it, sad I had to return it due to the size issue.


I had to get this dress taken in. I ordered a size larger. I think I would have been good with the correct size. But I love this dress.


