This dress could be amazing if it has some stretch to it for us not so large up top women who have hips. I ordered a 6 as I did with another dress that fitted perfectly and this dress wouldn't flow on my hip area at all.


The material is very soft on skin. Very elegant dress good for wedding and black ties affairs.


I am larger chested so it fit better in the chest for me than others had mentioned.  The only problem I had was that it puckered out on the sides.  If I wear it again I will have it altered and probably have a lining put in the cups.  The length was great as I am 5'8" and this was plenty long enough.  It reached just above the ground when I wore my low heels.


nice dress but I will have to get it tailored. the bust area is baggy and so are the straps in the back. overall cant complain because the price is right. otherwise it looks as pictured.


Went to the USMC birthday ball, I am 5'2" and 120 with 34DD so I purchased the size 8 and had it taken in. The dress was shipped quickly and really great quality. I normally pay hundreds for my ball gown (BCBG last year was $400!!) SO this year I was going to be smarter. I read all of the reviews and was SO PLEASED! I will be purchasing another next year!


I bought this dress for a Mardi Gras ball. Most dresses end up ruined by the end of the night so I didn't want to spend too much.


Anyway, I ordered to my bust size since that is the largest part of me. I have since taken the dress to a tailor because the waist band under the bust was an inch too large. I could have worn the dress as is but I would have had a gap in the back. It would not lie flat against my back enabling anyone to peer down the back of the gown.


I am 5'10 so the dress length is perfect in front. It allows for my shoes to peek through. The train is amazing and covers the backs of my feet as well as flows. I however need it bustled for my event due to being stepped on and spilled. I was willing to pay the bustling cost so I could wear the dress again.


If you are well endowed in the bust be aware there are no cups and the "look" on the model may be bustier than you intended. I personally don't mind because double sided tape will ensure the dress stays in place through jumping for beads, and it's New Orleans so bust is no issue. Wearing it other places, I would buy a broach to secure the fabric a little higher up. I am a 38DD.


A great buy for the money. I'm 5'5" ( 37, 33,42) and the straps were too long (could they be adjustable?) and hips a little tight on size 10 but for the cost the fabric and style were terrific!


Beautiful dress. The fabric is nice and looks more expensive than you'd expect at this price. It fits small in the bust and ribcage area; I had to go up a size. I'm an hourglass size 4 usually, 5'5", and the size 6 fit well but needed to be hemmed even with my highest heels.


I am a 2 size and I am busty so I did not fit in the top of dress. however that been the case,  if you are a A or B cup this may work for u in the size 4. ever other part of the dress fit well.  Go up a size. I am 34 DDD


I ended up returning this dress because it just didn't fit like the picture.  I went by the sizing chart and it was too big for me.  But if I were to order a smaller size it just wouldn't have worked for me anyway, as the top is not lined at all and there is no way to wear a bra with it. (Not even a strapless bra.)


