i love the dress, but i planned loosing a few pounds so it being a little small hopefully will help me with loosing the extra pounds


its a lovely dress.


This dress is gorgeous!  Other reviews carry on about it being really long even though the girl was incredibly tall which is why I chose this dress.  I am 5'8 and when i put the dress on it JUST hit the floor.  I ended up having to wear sandals with this dress BUT who can really complain about not having to wear heels all night?!  I was worried since this dress was so inexpensive that it would look cheap but everyone was shocked to learn how much I paid for it!  GREAT GREAT FIND!!


This dress had a beautiful, delicate material that felt great on. The size was great everywhere except the bust area was extremely too large. This is the reason for the 3 stars and I returned this product.


I used this dress to get married in I love this and so did my husband


I expected the gown to fit smaller than the size but it fit a little large which was okay.


Beautiful dress! And you can't beat the price! Wore for my dad's wedding...great material!


I was hesitant to order a 'cheap' gown online. However this gown arrived promptly and was very pretty in person and seemed to be well made. It was one of the only dresses I could find that would ship quickly.  I went with the measurement chart provided and it was too big on the chest and I am a 36DD. I am returning due to being too big and a little too revealing for my taste. The back is open and also low cut under arms: Since I am large chested, I prefer to wear a bra and finding one for this dress at my bra size would be difficult.


I bought both a size 6 and 8.  I would not exactly call me small chested (36B), yet by far, not big chested either.  Well, neither of these sizes fit in the bust-it fit nicely in the torso, but was way saggy for a bust line.  So, my recommendation is unless you are well endowed in the bust, this dress will probably not fit well.  Have to say, except for rather poor quality of zipper, the dress itself was not bad for $40...................


This dress is perfect! I am a taller girl and it is long enough for me to wear a low heel! I will be wearing it for a formal wedding this summer. The cut is perfect and the size is just right.


Really thin material but not bad for forty bucks! I planned to wear it only one night and I did.  Worked great for the occasion.


