A little long for me and big in my breast, otherwise it is vey nice design and color.


Love this dress! It fit perfect! Very sheer and thin fabric but that is because it is satin Wore this to a new years eve ball and got many complements on the dress.


The dress was just as expected. Good quality and very nice looking. Not for chesty girls though. Returned.


The dress itself was very nice, but it was too large and I was unable to wear it. I must be in between sizes.


I absolutely love it...At first I didn't have the right undergarments..but as soon as bought what I needed the dress fit like a glove..it's astonishing..!!


A few fixes could make this dress beautiful. The plastic zipper was stuck on a broken tab when the dress arrived, rendering it not wearable until I replaced the zipper. The top is also too big for me which is unusual since tops are often too tight across my chest when they fit my waist. Worth the purchase if you're for doing some alterations.


This dress is absolutely beautiful. I'm attending a beach wedding and have to wear white this dress is amazing! Perfect!


Received the wrong dress, wrong color, wrong size.


I saw the reviews about how this would be loose up top for a woman with a smaller bust. I am a B cup size and ordered dress size 6 of the green dress (I am 145lbs 5' 9"). It fits great and I do not even think I will need a bra or tape! It does come a bit wrinkled from the folding but from what I have read some steam will help get rid of that. I will be trying it this week. Also the zipper is a little cheap but works none-the-less, and will be easy enough to replace if it breaks. All around, stunning dress at an unbeatable price!


I received this dress on a hanger, draped in plastic, which was much nicer than I was expecting. I followed the size chart and got a size 4, and the dress fit me like a glove! Even at 5'4", the front of the dress fell to just a couple millimeters off the ground when I put on my 4 inch heels. The train at the back was very elegant and not too long to still be functional. The fabric was thin, but the dress was nicely lined and didn't look cheap at all. I'm so pleased with this purchase, I will certainly be buying more Ever Pretty dresses.


