Seemed somewhat small, but can't be sure, because we couldn't get the zipper to zip over a seam, even with it off.  Material is like Halloween costume.  It's going back. Cheap price, very poor quality.


If you are looking for a cheap looking gown, this one is for you!  Inferior material and poor quality. Looks more like a nightgown purchased from a discount retailer. Order a size or 2 up if you decide to give it a try.


I ordered this dress in my normal size (14)  and i had to return the dress because i couldnt exchange it. rebuy the dress in a 16 it was still too small. had to use extra reinforcement to get the dress to fit. probably would have been better with an size 18.


beautiful sexy dress, fit perfectly. only have it 4 stars because of how sheer the top was but overall great quality for the price paid


This dress is absolutely beautiful however it is Designed for a slim trim body. The color is simply stunning


I purchased this item for my little sister who is very busty + petite. The length was appealing on her for the event, but the deep-v could not offer support. If you are over a B-cup forget about this dress!


Finally received the dress on the 23rd November 2012 - tried it on the same nite to make sure it was fitting me and the zipper wasnt going up at all.  I decided that on Sunday 25th November 2012 I will try again with the dress as the function was that nite. (After doing my hair and make up I dressed and tried again with the zipper only this time the zip burst out so I eventually couldnt even wear my dress)  I really hate inverted zippers.  I now have to go get my new dress repaired.  Steups


This dress is beautiful! Received it timely. The fabric comes very wrinkled so you will need to steam it, but the material is soft, breathable. It's absolutely gorgeous. The color is exactly Sapphire Blue. Cannot rave enough about this dress. Know that you cannot wear a bra or underwear with it, but you don't need to. Love this dress!!


The dress arrived when it was promised which was a plus but to my supprise it was a perfect fit.  It gives you a slimming look and even thou the back is cut low it is still functional for us full figured women who would want to put undies on for tummy control.  I would recommend this dress to everyone.


i wore this dress to a military ball and got so many compliments on it. it was a little long in the shoulders, i did have to do a quick alteration on it so it actually would fit but it wasn't a big deal. would definitely order from brand again. it is very thin but looks far more expensive then $40. wish i would have ordered one size smaller.


