Fit kind of small you better go for one size bigger than yours to be comfortable but the dress is beautiful... good quality material and the color is gorgeous, is a really nice night dress.


Are you kidding me this was a no brainer.  Awesome!  I am 5'7 and 155lbs, small top but other then that just a normal shape and a UK 10 fits me PERFECT!  The dress has a liner... and feels GREAT on... it doesnt look cheap.  Its beautiful.  A statement necklace and pumps and you are out the door!


This is beautiful dress for curvy woman.  My daughter is 24 and an hourglass -- vavavavoom body--  this dress was awesome but i did have to take it in so it fit better under the breast area....  then she looked like Grace Kelly.....  seriously she was beautiful in it.


I am normally size 6 and it fit. 34B.


Nice fabric, nice trail.


There is no "bra" structure on the top so 'they' go all over the place.


Do not buy if you have the slightest belly -  it WILL show and not nicely.


This dress is amazingly beautiful and perfect and super cheap for a dress like this :) It looks amazing, it is really super low cut though but that was expected.  :) It feels great wearing it and there is this cute train.  It is just an amazing dress and is very flattering.


Fits true to size. I ordered a size 4 and even the décolletage is complimentory, if one is a bit more busty order a size up. I would advice steam ironing before wear. Up close in emerald color looks fantasmagorical, considering the price to value ratio!


Dress is beautiful and the style I expected. Great product for the price. Way too big though. I followed the advice of other reviews and ordered a size bigger then I thought (I'm right between sizes on the chart) but the top was far too big and its a bit too long. I've ordered a smaller size in hopes it will do the job!


Pretty dress. I ordered a size up and everythIng fit well except for the bust. I am larger than average in the bust but this was WAY too big. Not able to make adjustments. Was sorry I had to send it back as it is a pretty dress.


This dress is very nice for the money.  I used to for a formal event I was working.  The material was good, but not the best.  However, for $50, I thought it was great.  I received numerous compliments.  It was a little short for me, however is heels I'm over 6'.


Thank you very much receipt of the product, which was in excellent condition and in conformity with the specifications mentioned in the presentation


I hope all the shops dealing directly with Saudi Arabia .


