I'm 5'8", 150lbs, 34 D and I could not fill out the top of a size 10.  A size 8 might have fit better, but I didn't want to risk anything biting in, and the rest of the dress fit perfectly.  It was an easy fix by taking up the straps by an inch on each side.  This is a very sexy flattering dress that is easy to accessorize with.  With that said, it needs some accessories.  Just be aware that it's the jewelry, purse, and shoes that will really make this dress pop. It's flattering and sexy without being over the top or inappropriate.  Prefect for a cruise


This dress was very pretty but was slightly see through material. I also wished it had been a little longer (I am 5'7) even without heels my shoes still kept peaking out which I personally am not a fan of. Other than that it fit as expected I ordered a size 10 and the dress itself was very comfortable.


I bought this dress and one other from Ever-pretty because I liked how they looked. This dress is so beautiful BUT the fabric below the empire waist is not so flattering. I am 5'2 and 130 lbs, I am not huge, but I am not a rail. If I wore this dress I'd need to wear spanks from my knees to the empire waist :) My mom-body looks better in a more forgiving fabric! But seriously, this dress is stunning. If I had more time to firm things up before attending a wedding I'd keep the dress. The pictures actually doesn't do it a bit of justice - its sexy in a classy way, sultry?


Just perfect, real size, love the color , I'm 155 pounds, 5,7", size 8


I purchased this dress to wear to a semi-formal event. The dress arrived in an envelope, but was not too badly wrinkled. I ordered a size 10. The dress had a nice fit. I am 5' 10". The dress was long enough. I wore 5 inch heels (yes 5'10 wearing 5" heels). You were able to see my shoes a little and I still had my train in the back. The neck line is VERY low. I am an A cup so I had to get some alterations done. I could have either kept the low cut by adjusting the straps or bring my neck line up. I chose to bring my neck line up by about two inches. I still had a plunging neckline, but I was more comfortable wearing it. I did invest in some petals; I needed a little coverage in the front. :-)  I received tons of compliments on this dress. I am looking forward to wearing it again.


Although I had to get alterations done this dress is worth it.


Beautiful Color, and very Classic. Great Dress, very flattering, and comfortable but a bit big. (My pictures have filters, so the dress isn't exactly that shade. The image advertised is true to color)


I'm a size 14/16 and bought the 16. I'm always afraid of buying gowns online because of my larger size. But because of the price, I figured I had nothing to loose. This gown fit amazing It was snug in the center at my waist, and flowed down to the floor. I am 5'7" and the length was perfect. I wear a bra size 40DDD and the bust size fit perfectly. I added a small piece of lace fabric in thee center to cover my bustier which meant I did not need to pay to have the dress altered at all. I was very pleased with this product!


I'm a 36ddd, 5 foot even and approx 135 lbs. I followed the size chart and ordered a 14. It was a little big and needed minor adjustments to the straps for it to fit correctly. Also, the green was a much darker green than what's pictured on amazons listing.


Holy gorgeous! Loved this, loved the compliments and absolutely loved how sexy i felt in it!


I purchased this for my 17 yr old daughter. She frowned when she saw it (her usual response to something I buy her), but it turned into a beautiful smile when she tried it on. She loves it!  It's extremely elegant, but the gorgeous twisted back gives it a great, updated look. It lays beautifully... It looks silky, and flows.


My daughter is about 5'6". With heels, abt 3", it barely skims the floor in front, and doesn't interfere with walking in the back. For $29, wow! A true bargain.


