Way too small. Ordered a Med, and was more like a 00.  this is an Asian double 00


I wore this to a friend's wedding and it was a show stopper. I love how it looked and it fit perfectly. It was sexy without losing any elegance. No one could believe how much I paid for it.


The dress itself is very beautiful; nice material, deep red color, and the design is simple and elegant. The only problem is that I couldn't fit it over my chest area. I usually wear a size 4 and the size 6 was too small.


Fabric is very pretty, with good weight. However it was impossibly small. Couldn't zip it up, therefore can't comment on style. Returned.


I am 5'8 135lbs athletic build and had to order this dress in a size 8 due to bust size (34C).  The material is beautiful and the length perfect!  I had to get the straps and waist altered.  I ordered the red and it is stunning.  I received so many compliments on my dress!  The neckline is plunging but nothing too revealing.  My husband LOVED LOVED LOVED this dress...and he's picky!


(cup Bbeautiful and very sexy dress !


the size 8 could be slightly smaller but at the same time the 6 would be too thight. Then I just made small adjustment in breast . It what makes you look a Diva especially if you do not have fat in stomach or belly. I am 140 lb with a normal breast (cup B). What else I would say beautiful for a curvy girl


Wonderful, but way too long for me (I'm 5'4", at the edge between "standard" and "petite") It will not be easy to fix, yet the upper part fits like a dream, so I'll give it a try!


Sent measurements,  fit ok just a little altering was needed


had to have this taken in as the top of it was way to big and the back was hanging open like u could see down to my butt had a christmas party and was so scared i would not get it fixed on time order a size or two down and allso if ur small busted u will have to take it in at the top


Love this dress did some alterations on it just because I wanted to make it sexier but overall great buy


