This dress was amazing. I needed something for a ball that my boyfriends job throws every year. He wanted to see me in something floor length and it was "prom attire" so I bought one size bigger than I was just in case the dress did run too small. It was huge in the bust area and I'm only 5'0 so the dress had to be hemmed, she did leave the little train however. I have a little bit of a muffin top and the material of the dress covered it very nicely. The only thing that sucked was I have small breasts and the front is so open that it really didn't do much for them. It really is a gorgeous dress though, pictures don't do it justice!


This is a very cute dress but does not go with my body type. I had to return it. So then bought the 10, which was too small, and I return it again. But I will say the material is high quality. I also wish the neckline was a bit higher.


I have worn a size 4 in all different brands and styles of dresses. In this dress I could not even get the zipper half way up. I love the style and am now planning to get a larger size...I think I will have to get an 8.


Beautiful dress the fabric is exquisite!  Love it


The dress is quite nice.


I ask them some precision for the size.


They advice me, with my measure, to buy the dress is the US size 8.


Definitively to large. I will buy it with the US size 6.


True to color and arrived very quickly.


You would have to be evenly proportioned to wear this dress. I am a slightly busty: the waist fit perfectly but I couldn't even alter the top to fit. Beautiful dress, just not for me.


Pretty dress but runs big


I read a review saying she was 5'6" and there was about 4" of extra fabric past her feet so I thought this would be perfect for me, I am 5'10". It was actually a few inches too short in the front. The back is longer. I took it in to get the front hemmed to make the "high-low" look and it turned out great. I loved the dress, the actual size of fit was great it was just not as long as I thought it would be.


Beautiful gown. Well made. True to size.


