Very sex dress. I choose this dress for a picture but the theme was changed therefore I have to look for another dress


I wore this dress during an outdoor July wedding and it was nice and elegant. The fabric is thin but not sheer so it worked well with it being hot outside. I have a small bust and wider hips but the dress laid nicely with no alterations. There is no give in the fabric so be cautious of that with the hip area.


Depending on your height, the dress may not be floor length. More than likely, you'll be wearing heels with this dress so keep that in mind. I'm 5'7-5'8 and it was barely floor length without shoes. It did not touch the floor at all in the front with my 4in heels but it did flow nicely in the back with the train. The length wasn't a major issue because it allowed for easy walking and you could see my sassy RED shoes!


Despite the hip area and length the dress was overall a good buy. It's good quality for the price.


I bought this dress for a cruise.  It fit perfectly.  I am 5'10'' and the dress was just the right length for me wearing my heels.  I usually have to wear flat sandals with long dresses.  I received a lot of compliments on the ship and by my husband!


The fabric and zipper or horrible.  Also, I thought the dress fit very small.  Sending it back.  I guess I should have realized that you do get what you pay for.


I am flying from Florida to Prnnsylvania for my senior prom. Due to the cost of te plane ticket I needed something relive fly cheap as I am paying for the trip completley by myself. I found this dress and was going to purchase it in blue but apparently all of my friends bought blue gowns. I ordered the dark green. I am a curvy girl and am rather busty for my age. I ordered a 10 hoping there would be enough material to cover my chest. I am a 36-38 D. I weight about 150, but am in pretty good shape. The dress fits perfectly. I am 5'5" and the dress is the perfect length with heels. It really flatters my curves and does not show the wrong amount of skin. Could not be happier with it. But if any one has suggestions on getting wrinkles out of it I would love to hear them!


Very thin and the bust is high.


Excellent fit!


I love this dress, arrived quickly and exactly as described.


This is the dress I wore or my wedding.  It is very beautiful.  It is quite sheer so be aware.  I had to wear a slip underneath it even though I purchased seamless panties.  As I walked down the aisle I heard one of my guests say "wow, she looks beautiful"  and you know how women can be... a bunch of haters! I especially loved that this dress is simple but has a train so you really have the best of both worlds especially if you are getting married in the summer time.  Its a great lightweight dress.


Beautiful dress. I was too chesty unfortunately


