This dress is truly beautiful. It's very flattering and feels high quality. There are small headaches such as the cheap zipper and not so great hemline but I think those are minor annoyances compared to the dress itself and also the price. The train is a little long but that's because I'm on the shorter side. I would say this dress would need some alterations for anyone. It's still a phenomenal dress.


Pretty but very thin material.  Even if it had fit I don't think the weight of the material made it a great dress, but then the price was low.  Not a bad dress, just really did not work for me.  I really don't like the items coming stuffed in a cellophane bag, creases the dresses terribly and makes them just look so cheap.  I guess when I buy an evening dress you kind of want a bit of celebration in opening it up...not just crumpled in a bag...


this dress was perefct. I wore it to my wedding ceremony at the courthouse when I got married. I paired it with 5 1/2 inch heels since im only 5 feet tall so I would not walk on it. The back dragged perfectly when I walked. It was just beautiful. I didn't even have to wear a bra and I am in a D cup. this dress was the perfect fit. It hugs all my curves from the waist up. My husband loved it


This dress is lovely and the color is vibrant, for the price it's a steal.  I normally wear a size 14 and am a pear shape and this size was juuuust too tight across my hips.  I ended up going a size up and altering the top (as usual, sigh).  The downside is that this is a one-time dress.  There is a little train in the back and no matter how you try it'll trail and get in things.  But for $40 it's a good deal, I'd recommend this!


Great dress for a great price! The material feels like silk and hugged my curves in all the right places. I wore this dress for formal night on a recent cruise and plan to wear it again  to my rehearsal dinner. (As a side note, the dress came wrinkled and will need to be steam pressed by hand- hanging in the bathroom with the shower on was not enough).


Beautiful gown! This was my first time ordering a dress on the site and the reviews really did help. The material is nice (not cheaply made). I wear a size 12 a 14 would have been perfect but to be on the safe side I ordered a 16 because I am larger in the chest area (38DDD) and wanted to make sure they would be covered/fit.  I took it in on the sides so it was perfect! The tricky thing was finding a bra my size but the backless strapless was great to use.


Top was too big - rest of the dress was lovely.  Criss Cross could have used some altering.  Ordered the wrong dress but was glad when I got it because it encouraged me to purchase ever pretty again. The style and bargain price for something "Ever-Pretty" cant be beat.  I have since ordered a different red dress which worked with my body better.  (I am 5'5" and 198 lbs with full top and full bottom).  Ever Pretty Chiffon Sexy V-neck Ruffles Empire Line Evening Dress 09672 - it was lovely but very low cut.  However,  Ever Pretty Sexy V-neck Rhinestones Mermaid Wedding Party Dress 09867 (which I ordered in black but am switching it to Red ... well, just LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this particular dress.  Very sexy but covers in all the right spots, very flattering without looking too young or too old - I am fifty and felt comfortable in it and my 25 year old thought it was just gorgeous!).


Beautiful dress! Looks amazing and way more expensive than what it costs. I went with the measurements and the dress was way too big had to return and order a size smaller. With my measurements it said to order size 14 but ended up exchanging it for a size 12. Also I'm 5'2 and had to hem it, its very long.


I wore this as a nightgown for for our anniversary and I looked and felt like a beautiful bride.  I am short and busty and this actually fit!!!!!!  I couldn't believe the silky quality and the price.  I would recommend this dress to anyone looking to feel beautiful and elegant.  Don't hesitate to buy this dress.  It is gorgeous and I will be buying another in a different color.


I bought this dress for a black tie event and was extremely pleased with it!  I received compliments all night on how pretty the color and the style of the dress were.  I was about 5' 7" with heels on the size 4 dress hit the ground perfectly!  The dress did arrive wrinkled, but my local tailor was able to steam for me at a very cheap price.  I hope to have another event to wear it again soon!


