This dress is beautiful!!!! It's classic elegance will make it easy to wear to any formal event. I steamed it once I received it and the fabric is perfect. It hangs smooth and fits well throughout except the bust was a bit large for me. I used bare lift bra stickies that worked very well. I am a C cup but the outside still had a little slack in the fabric. Double sided tape works wonders to tape it down where it belongs and gave me more confidence to move more freely without a worry of exposing too much.


I bought this gown as I needed something to wear for a charity "Mom Prom."  I did not want to spend a bunch of money on a gown I would most likely only wear once, so when I saw this on Amazon for $40, I took a chance on it.  I was very pleasantly surprised!!  I am 5'4", 125#, and the size 6 fit great.  The only think I had to do was alter the bust a bit as it kind of gaped a bit on the sides of the breast - but it was just a couple of stiches with black thread and it fit like a dream.  This dress DOES NOT look like a $40 dress at all - very elegant.  Ordering this in black is the perfect dress to have on hand if you have something formal unexpectedly come up.  Would be beautiful bridesmaid dress as well!


With a few enhancements like a fun diamond like belt, brooch or over the top jewelry, this dress could really stand out. The fabric is plain.  I ordered a size up based on reviews and it fits perfectly at the top and a little big on the bottom.  I'm a size 10 34dd.  the boobs fit fine it's the rest of the dress that lacks appeal.


So with all of that said, buy true to your size and add some nice pieces to make the look pop.


I listened to other reviewers and ordered a size up when I shouldve ordered a size down. I am 5'5" and 182lbs and I ordered a 14 because I'm normally a 12. I'm an A cup so the top was super loose on me as was the rest of the dress. I could've done better with the 10. Luckily it was for a video shoot so I was able to clip the back to fit the right way. But it is a beautiful dress and I'll be ordering other colors in my correct size. And for only $40!!!!!


Lots of reviews say this dress isn't true to size, but it was for me. I felt great trying it on when it arrived, it fit like a silky glove. It's a little long, but I'm only 5'3. There is no extra lining in the chest area so I went to Victoria's Secret for a deep-V adhesive bra to wear with it. I don't think any sort of regular strapped bra would work with the low cut front and the unique back. Overall: It's an elegant, comfortable dress, and I'm glad I got it :)


Loved this dress!


Ordered it for a cruise for formal night, I was a bit wary about ordering online but it all turned out great.


Definitely get it dry-cleaned though, the dress will come wrinkled! For me, I'm 5'11", wear a 34DD bra , and weigh around 160, and ordered a size 12 because I read the fit was small. I had my stepmom take it in quite a bit around the back, I probably should have ordered an 8/10. So I would say this runs true to size, and don't listen to the reviews that it runs small!!!


The dress was very pretty and I got lots of compliments (:


I did have to adjust the dress a little but that's to be expected i'm 5'2 and 130 lb with huge boobs! So i shortened the straps and brought in the wait a little but it was perfect for the price I wore all day and wasn't afraid to get it dirty! We took pictures and the pictures were amaze balls because the dressed looked perfect and flowed all over the place. I wouldn't wear it around town tho or to a party because it showed too much boob. But for 30 bucks it did exactly what i wanted which was be pretty on the beach for pictures!


I'm normally in between a 2 or 4 so I ordered the size 4. The side zipper barely zips up! I definitely can't size up because the chest fits perfectly (I'm part of the IBTC ) anything bigger and it would be all over the place. The length is super long. I'm a petite 5'2" so I usually have to get my things hemmed. Hopefully when I have it hemmed they'll be able to make the little tail/train in the back that's there now. For the price it's gorgeous. Very well made.


If you're thin with no lumps and bulges, this might be dress for you. However, it was unflattering on me. The waistline area was form-fitting, even though the rest of the dress fit correctly. I wanted a true A-line dress, so it's being returned.


I personally love the style, the quality and how fast this seller is. But unfortunately it didn't fit my bridesmaids and I had to return it. But I bought two other dresses from this seller and it came so quick and good quality. Def recommend and def should buy it from them if you're having a wedding.


