Cheap fabric. It felt gross on my body and the dress didn't fall right over my body.


Cheap material, ill- fitting and too long! A complete waste of money! I will never buy anything from this designer again!


Ever Pretty


  Thanks so much for the gown, I had been looking at it for maybe about a month now  and I took a chance on ordering it and so I did. And as promised for delivery it arrived on the date that it was scheduled without delay, I tried it on and I love it ! My standard size in a dress is a size 10, but I ordered it in a size 12, and it is a good fit for me.  I must say that I am pleased with the dress because I am a professional seamstress and I have worked in bridal, shops and alteration shops. And I think that this dress is a very good price point and a nicely made garment although the bodice part of the dress is a little bit large, the cost of alterations will not be costly to do on it.


I will also be making a few adjustments to the gown to enhance it's look  because it is my wedding gown.!.


I must say that this dress is sexy, but yet elegant for a destination wedding,  and sophisticated enough for the mature bride today.


Thank You Ever Pretty


Kind Regards


Myrna


This dress is very nice. However, I did not pay attention to the sizing and its very small on me. I ordered it very quickly without looking on the size dimensions. But I will order another one from this seller. The price is very affordable with a great quality.


Excellent


I ordered this to wear to a USMC birthday ball.  I was a little nervous ordering without trying it on, but with Prime I knew I could return it if necessary.  I am 5'6" and about 140lbs.  I ordered a size 8 and it fit  very well.  I did have to wear 3-4" heels to keep the front off the floor.  I have a pretty small chest and had to use fake boobs and tape to keep everything in place,  but I was expecting that.  The train was a little bit of a pain - mostly because I haven't worn a dress with a train except for my wedding and I felt like I was lifting it up a lot.  If I wear it again will probably have the train chopped off.  Best of all, it was very comfortable!


So, I was very pleased with this dress.  Was the quality fit for the Oscar's?  No.  OK for the Marine Corps Ball? Absolutely!  I highly recommend it for a formal event!


Material was very thin, dress was poorly made. I know that the dress was inexpensive, but was expecting a bit more. Would not recommend it. Already returned!


Just as described - love it! Was worried that the white would be totally see through but it wasn't - thanks!


Large in the top & cheap material


It runs small; I had to order a size up of what I usually wear in other clothes.


Very pretty color (green - emerald-ish).


