The dress was way to big but pretty


This dress is not intended or designed for women with a smaller bust area... I purchased and had to get the top half altered to fit me properly which isn't necessarily a bad thing but for some could be a inconvenience... The material isn't all that great either but it's not like your paying top dollar you will get the look you want


Very pretty but very tight. Was too low cut and tight to wear to my formal event. Order up a size and recognize that the shiny fabric is not forgiving for any bulges/imperfections you want to conceal.


I had not intended to keep this dress, didn't think it was what I was looking for for a formal, work related event.  Turns out, I was the best dressed in the place!  The dress made me look "regal".  I had a cleaner press it the day of the event and it was perfect.  I'm so glad I ordered it by mistake and kept it cuz i was lazy.


I purchased this dress in a size 6 and didn't find it overly small in the bust area.  I bought this dress to have photos taken and it worked well for that purpose because I was still able to wear a bra undetected in the photos.  I will not be able to wear this dress for any other occasion because of the low cut, not being able to wear bra factor.  For the price the dress looks very elegant and I am happy with my purchase.


This dress was beautiful and perfect for what I needed. The sizing chart was spot on but I had to end up getting this altered as it really isn't designed for an hour glass figure. My chest and hips needed a 14 and my waist needed an 8. Left me with no choice but to get it altered. Material and cut were perfect for the occasion and surprisingly good quality for $30.


The bottom fit but the top did not fit my breast. I wear a 34DDD so I had to give it to someone with smaller breast. Could not wear it to the event I planned to wear it to and bought another dress.


Great quality, beautiful red color, length that fits a person 5'11 tall...this dress has everything. What an amazing deal for the price.


This dress is amazing! I got it for my wedding next month. It fits perfect- I'm a size C cup and the top is a lil big, but nothing that a safety pin and a cute brooch won't fix. My only concern is that it's wrinkled after being in the package it came in, but nothing too bad. This dress is definitely a great buy. It looks exactly like it does in the picture. The material isn't cheaply made or anything. I'm a size 12, I ordered a size 12 and it fits perfect!


This dress looks so much more expensive than it was! Absolutely gorgeous!!! Cannot wait to wear it to an event I have coming up. Shipping was super fast and you really can't beat the price. Highly recommend this dress to anyone who needs something formal yet simple and classic and doesn't want to spend $100+ for a dress they will probably wear only once.


