Gorgeous dress very figure flattering but the straps way to long I have to take 2" off each and take up the back some I did order 2 sizes up and it fits like a glove except for the straps which a couple dollars In alterations can fix. Also I do recommend boob tape I am a D/DD and without the tape I will be wild and free but def good quality for what you pay for and I will be able I use again in aug for a cruise


Fabric is cheap.


Beautiful dress at an amazing price! Fit exactly as it was supposed to, great material and I couldn't be happier!


The gown is a cheap satin, but doesn't look half bad when on...you get what you pay for. My problem with it is that its too short in the front. I'm 5'6", and it shows my feet when I have no heels on, so I had to send it back. Fast shipping as well.


Bought this dress to wear to my boyfriend's Marine Corps ball and I got so many complements on it.  The color is great and very comfortable to wear for the evening.


This is a lovely dress but fits rather strange. The bust is too small then this hips are too large. Be very careful in size selection. If you have more in the chest consider getting a larger size then what you think you are or know you are. You can then get it tailored to fit you properly.  If you get it too small you can't make adjustments. Fabric is very silky and not stretchable and not very breathable.


It's a gorgeous dress but it was a lot wider than I expected. I am 34 inches around my chest and this felt like it would fit someone better with a 38 inch chest.


Bought it for my daughter and it fits her beautifully. Have to take it in to make it a bit shorter though.


Even better than in the picture!!!


I ended up returning this dress, which made me sad because I thought I was going to love it.  I so wanted to love it.  For starters, the coloring is quite different than it shows in the main photo.  I was expecting a sort of deep emerald hue closer to hunter green, but this has very blue undertones.  The fabric is also VERY shiny -- shinier than indicated in the photo, in my opinion -- which I found made it look a but chintzy.  It also makes every wrinkle noticeable, and it wrinkles easily (it arrived very wrinkled in the packaging).  Furthermore, (and maybe I just don't wear enough evening wear!) I also found this dress tremendously complicated to put on.  "Is this the arm hole?  The neck hole?  Ah, I can't get out of it now!"  I found the dress to be too long as well; I am 5'6" and was tripping over it when I tried it on with my heels!  All of this I was willing to potentially get over because I really needed a dress for a wedding.  But the clincher was how insanely unflattering the bust area is on this dress.  I have a thin frame and am not super well-endowed, but the chest area was so tight around the center of the bustline that it gave me quadraboob.  When I looked at myself in the mirror from the side, it looked like my breasts were flat yet somehow lumpy at the same time... not a good look!  You'll note that there are NO pictures posted of the model showing the dress without her arm covering her breast area.  I don't know what body-type this was tailored for, but it seems to me neither thinner women like me nor heavier women would be flattered wearing this.  I have purchased other Ever Pretty dresses (can't beat the prices!) with great success, but this one was a swing and a miss, unfortunately.


