I recieved this dress today and I was so happy with it. It really looks amazing, although it was way too big & long. I wear a size 10 pant, but I have a large bust so I was unsure of what size I should have ordered. I ended up getting an 14 to be on the safe side ,thinking that I could take in, but I was swimming in it. It is also very long. I am 5'6 and I put on the highest shoe that I own and it was still on the floor, but I think this dress is worth having to get it hemmed. I am going to reorder this dress in a 10 because I do believe that it would be perfect.


I ended up getting another dress for the wedding I am attending next week, but I still want this dress because it is the perfect black evening dress to keep in your closet for those last moment events....and for the price it is amazing! It is also very slimming, I was actually suprised with how good it looked on.


I would recommend this dress to anyone that is looking for a basic & classy dress that is worth keeping in your closet for those moments you need to dress up!


P.S. I thought this dress looked much better in person than on the model....


Great for the price.wore to formal event lots of compliments.


I read a lot of reviews before choosing this dress. At 6ft 2in, I have a VERY hard time finding something in a good length. I got a size 14. It fit well in length and width, but (FYI) if you're not at least a C cup, you can't fill this thing out. It was a bit loose on top and I had to adjust it a bit before getting some professional pictures done. I thought the quality and price were excellent.


Not for me.


I am 5 ft 11 & this dress was long enough to cover my feet even with heels on.  I love the feel & flow of the dress.  It fits true to size.


I just received my dress and although quite wrinkled it is absolutely beautiful! My last order was through dressystar and was a total nightmare, so I was hesitant about another discount dress. After reading the reviews I decided to order a size up and it fit beautifully in all the right places. I am 5'11 and 121 pounds with a 34A cup bust. Instead of a size 4 I went with a 6 and the length just brushed the floor in the front. I do believe this dress is more fitting for someone with a smaller bust and the sleek material would probably show muffin tops without the proper undergarments. Although the dress is light weight it is not see through so in my case no undergarments are needed. Mine is perfect for the bridal photo shoot I plan on wearing it to and I am now also purchasing another one in black for future military balls and formal events. For the price I highly recommend this product.


This dress was perfect for one use.  I got married in it and felt beautiful but since it was so cheap I didn't mind getting it dirty.  It photographed nicely as well.  It's not something you can plan on keeping in your closet but at this price it's worth it just to wear once.  I'm small on top with a large bottom so I didn't quite fill out a 6 but with a little "help" it looked great.  I recommend a slip as it's thin. Overall I was very happy with it.


It's to small I've gotton fatter sorry but ur size chart should be fixed lol jk ok sorry bi bi


ANYONE LOOKING FOR A GREAT DRESS TO WEAR TO A BALL, THIS IS IT! IT FIT PERFECT AND LOOKED GREAT. MY HUSBAND COULDN'T TAKE HIS EYES OFF ME. THE DRESS WAS LIGHT BUT ALSO WELL MADE. COULDN'T BELIEVE THAT THE PRICE WAS SO CHEAP, BECAUSE THE DRESS WAS SO ELEGANT. WILL DEFINATELY BUT FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN.


This bluetooth did not pair up with my iPhone 4S. I wasted my money and not sure who I can call to refund my money and I can return the item back.


