This item is VERY SMALL. I reviewed their measurements before ordering, and it was still way too small. The main areas that I thought were a problem are the band right below the chest area and the length of the dress. I would advise ordering a size up because even with the next size, the waistband is still pretty tight. When I decided I needed the next size, shipping was very fast and I had no problems! Other than the size issue I was very happy with the dress and can't wait to wear it for my event (:


I purchased this for my MoH.  After a quick re-look at the picture to make sure we got the straps placed correctly I fell in love with it even more than when she brought it to my attention as her possible dress.


I bought the dress a size larger because I knew I could always get it tailored.


Boy, do you get your bang for the buck: Great material, fast delivery, free shipping?! Yes PLEASE.


I didn't have prom yet, but when I do I'll share the pictures! It's comfortable, simple, elegant and beautiful. Don't miss out on this dress!!


I ordered a size 12 and it fit perfectly. I'm usually a 10/12 and decided to go with the 12. Very figure flattering and forgiving. The bust area is a bit large. I'm a 38D. Material is thin but not to the point where it looks too cheap. I ordered white. May look cheap in other colors. I love it over all. A steal for the price!


I went as a zombie bride for halloween and this was perfect. My seamstress thought it was so elegant I couldn't even tell her I was going to cover it in blood:)


Beautiful dress at an amazing price. Purchased in black and now purchasing in another color!


I got the dress in white.  It is a bit see through, but not sheer or anything. The right color undies work just fine! It fits well throughout, and was a good purchase for the price.


Cheaply made poor material. Beautiful design but should use better material. Not good to wear anywhere but to bed.


good company to deal with dress is nice


fits well and well made fabric is not the very best, but worth the money


This dress fit just as the measurements stated.  The color is perfect and I would recommend this dress for anyone looking for something simple, yet elegant.  The only thing confusing about this dress is the name.  The picture shown is exactly the dress.  There is NO ruffles on this dress at all.


