This dress is stunning!  I'm an A cup so the top is a little loose, but I expected that- nothing a little padding and tightening won't fix.  I'm 5'8, 150lbs and ordered a size 8 in sapphire blue- the color is gorgeous, it fits perfectly (and this is after a bunch of pizza and beer) and as a taller girl, still touches the ground in front.  Just know that the material is the same throughout, so you may need a little bit of a lift or some pasties to go over the girls, and some shape wear for the smoothest look (I'm not wearing any of that in the pics and the gown still looks great).  I'd definitely buy this dress again!


I received this dress faster than the estimated delivery. I really love it, fit as expected and is very flattering. I love how it touches the ground and looks very elegant when walking!


The dress fits amazing through the hips and waist but it is almost like it was expecting larger bust size. The way the straps hang are not very flattering but could be resolved with the right bra. Beautiful color though!


It was inexpensive but not enough pop to bother keeping. It would have never been worn.


I have seen many other Ever Pretty dresses since then that I've liked better.


It arrived on time and was appropriately package.  l returned this.  The quality of the fabric was not good and it was complicated to get on.


This is a nice dress i little bit small as the size info showed, but still is pretty dress! cant wait to wear it.


My wife is a shade over six feet tall and she loves this dress, it has some surprising length. She can't wait for her summer events to show off.


Poor quality fabric and workmanship.  Did not fit correctly at all.  It was huge in places and small in others.  The worst thing was the fabric.  It was something you might wear to the beach as a cover-up.  Definitely NOT to your wedding!!


Bought this dress in blue to wear walking the red carpet at the AVN. US porn performers don't ALL make a hundred thousand per scene..lol. was perfect and I'm not a small. I ordered a size 14... fit like a 14. Just fabulous. Barely covered my huge boobs, but it's porn.. so that's what I wanted :)


Had a lot of compliment on the dress. Very eloquent and cost was perfect.


