My wedding was at the park in the summer and it was a beautiful day and this dress made it even more so. I was so happy to have found such a great quality dress. THe only issue I has was the zipper liked to stick, other than that it was beyond perfect and I plan to get a second use out of it for my halloween costume :)


Totally perfect!!!


I bought it for my wedding and be more comfortable after the ceremony and during the real party.


Very happy with the purchase. Thanks


Material is cheap and honestly looks like a prom dress. Just wasn't worth it. I returned it.


This dress is so gorgeous! The only reason for 4 stars is because the band around the rib cage is REALLY tight. The rest of the dress fits perfect and this just makes it hard to zip. I love the length and the straps are so pretty. High quality. I got the green color and it is more of a real green than an emerald green. Just so you are aware.


Very cheap fabric, and totally different from the pictures, very disappointed!!


The bust area was too loose and not even. Did not like the material that the dress was made in


I ordered this dress for my 10 year vow renewal at the beach. I was skiddish about ordering because my legs are long and I was scared it would be too short. (This was last minute so I didn't have time for returns.) I followed the size chart and the dress fits PERFECT! I am 5'6" and the length was just right. (Even a tad long for barefoot, but I am not complaining.) I would definitely recommend this dress to anyone looking at it. The material is thick enough it doesn't show through. Also a plus. :)


Love this dress for a bachelorette party!!! Finding a bra was my biggest challenge. Love the fit and style.


Very pretty dress. Was bought to wear to prom. So pretty. The quality is great.


The bust area was too large and gapping, the bodice was fine,  I had to have it altered to be able to wear it. I was disaapointed.  I was not able to use the dress for the occasion it was intended for, so I had to buy another dress.


