Living in a very warm climate, I like to wear skirts and dresses.  This dress is perfect!  I actually wore it today with a green print scarf.  It fits well, is stretchy and hides the lumps and bumps of those of us who are a bit older.


I purchased this for a vacation. I cannot wait to wear it. We are going to be in very hot weather. It is very comfortable. I did not want to pay an arm and a leg for bathing suit cover ups, so I bought this. I can wear it around the resort, or use it as a cover up! I am 5'1 and I am in between sizes. I wear some sizes are large and some are extra large depending on the brand. I do not like tight clothes. I bought this and the shoulders are a little snug but not "TIGHT" per se. I liked so much I now have three to take!


Love this. I got brick red which is basically orange. But it is a flattering orange. I purchased a medium. I'm 5'5" and 160#. Fits perfectly. The only thing is that it isn't straight all around on the bottom. Its kind of a high low high low. Thats the only thing I'm not really a fan of. Otherwise my DDs fit great. It isn't tight anywhere. I definitely will purchase other colors.


I am 5'5" 125 lbs and the Small fit perfectly.  I wear it as a top over jeans, not as a dress as it's very lightweight rayon and too short for my 59 year old more-modest preferences.  Very swingy, comfortable and cute!  Hem hits me 5" above the knees.  Color is a bright almost-sunflower color.  I also ordered the pumpkin colored one.  Another great color.  Exactly what I was looking for.


I loved the way it fit and the way it felt right off the bat.  I have over large breasts and often have to get shirts with lots of stretch or too large elsewhere. This shirt fit perfectly.  Unfortunately, the cloth took stains too easily- the first time I wore it , it was ruined.  The cloth is thin jersey- not a problem in it'self- but poor quality and had to be hung immediately out of the dryer while still hot to keep wrinkles down. Color did not run when I washed it though I still use color catcher just in case.


I've only had a chance to try it on, not wear, but I'm pleased with the purchase. The fabric is soft and good quality.. As a 'swing' tunic, it's "roomy", but I like that! Some may think it runs a little large but, for me, it is what I had hoped it would be. I haven't washed it yet so I can't speak to how it will hold up, but I have no reason to doubt that it will be fine. It's a little longer than a tunic but that gives the option of wearing as a dress or with leggings. (I'll wear leggings!) I'm considering buying one for my daughter and a second, in a different color, for myself!


Cute shirt for the price!  It runs a little longer than I hoped.  I am 5'7 and ordered a medium (my normal size) based on the size chart.  It's quite long and hits about mid-thigh.  Still cute to wear with leggings!  The material is soft, but a little see-through so a cami will be necessary.


Perfect! I'm a size 6/8 and the medium worked out perfectly! I'm going to purchase these in every color! Love!


This is a dress (not shirt) for a shorter woman (I'm 5'2", 135 lbs, ordered MEDIUM)--knee-length. It is lovely fabric--soft and hangs nicely. It was a little looser than I expected--which is good. A tunic dress like this should swing and complement the figure while hiding tummy and hip flaws, which it does. Very nice. I think I'll buy another one!


First off:  Information that may be helpful in choosing the proper size.  I'm 5' tall and weigh in at 95 pounds.  The length hits well below the knee, of course.  Usually, I would have ordered a size Small;  however, I had the great idea of wearing this dress over a light weight, long sleeved, knit turtleneck sweaters.  Since the dress fabric is quite lightweight (tights or opaque hose strongly recommended!), this is proving to be a real asset now that the weather's colder.


Because of using the sweater underneath, I ordered a size Medium.  Although I could have used a Small with no real problem, the fit would more than likely have been tighter than is truly comfortable for me.


You can achieve all sorts of possible ensembles with these little dresses if you elect to use a shirt or sweater of some sort under them, and if you're a fan of foot ware, you're *really* in business!  Flats and heels and booties - oh my!


