I love this long tunic to wear over leggings. Very soft cotton like t-shirt material that's easy to care for.  Held up well with normal machine wash and dryer.  Stylish and comfortable.


It fits fine. Very nice color. I thought the hem would be the same length all the way around but the sides are shorter and the front & back are longer. The cut reminds me of a nightgown. I gave mine a runched look at the bust with a pin to bring up the front hem and now I love it. Very cool and comfy.


This is my third Bellaroi top and I love them all. They fit well and I’m a plus sized gal. They’re long enough which is awesome because if a top is short I look like a beach ball. The material feels good on my skin too. I wash them stpersyy in cold water and hang them to dry.


I love this dress I bought it to wear for a costume anf it fits in little big I could have got a smaller size but it still looks good on me the color was great and looked just like it was in the picture I am very happy and I think I would like to order another dress in a different color and the material feels great.


I ordered the black and the fabric is so thin that I can see through both sides while it's hanging. The dress is long, just to the top of my Knee, which I would be ok with. However, the material is so thin that the dress bunches up and does not hang properly. I was going to send it back, but returning it is a hassle. I'll keep it to bum around the house.


Very soft and flowing. Isn’t that scratchy type polyester stuff. Also, it doesn’t seem thin like some material that shows the bra line and any of those imperfections under the dress. It arrived very quickly and it hung up quite nicely, without any wrinkles. Seems true to size.


I love this dress - I was looking for a T-Shirt dress with some weight to it so it hangs well off my larger breasts and this dress is perfect! It's a little longer in the front (even with the chest area puling it up) but the length is above the knee, it fits just like the picture does and doesn't need a belt! Pair it with a jacket and some knee-high boots and you've got a transitional seasonal outfit!


Im 5'6 and it fits just slightly above knee. It's perfect. It looks great on. Flowy and comfy. I will be following instructions and hand washing. I'm 40-32-41 I got a large. Looks great on own and with leggings.


Beautiful color, fit good, BUT fabric too thin. Will not wear it as dress without jacket to cover  Will keep to wesr as night wear since it will be wonderful for nightdress. Advertised as comfy.  They are right!!!


This is really thin. I ordered the blue and the color isn't quite as pretty as my screen showed, but it is fine. If it was a light color my underwear would show right through. As it is, I need to wear a bra that has smooth edges. This is fine for my purpose, which is a casual dress for wearing in a hot climate.


