I wear size 4 to 6 and weigh 114 lbs, and I ordered a Small. The fabric is soft and flowy and the color is pretty (I got purple). But the dress is overall too big and baggy. My husband said it looked like a nightgown. I like the fabric, color and basic style enough that I'm going to keep it, but I'm going to sew both sides to make it smaller.


This is a great little dress. I ordered this as part of a Halloween costume. I'm 5'8" with a large bust line. I ordered this in the XXL to ensure it accommodated. I lays well without being too snug. The material is really soft which I like. I ended up liking this so much, I'll probably use this as a casual summer dress as well.


I am long-waisted & have trouble finding tunic tops that are long enough to cover the behind when worn with leggings. Finally, I had a stroke of genius & decided to look for short dresses that I can wear over leggings instead. These were perfect! I wasn't sure about the fit, as I also have large hips, so I ordered both L and XL. Both actually fit fine, (the style accommodates a variety of body shapes) but I preferred the "flowiness" of the XL, so all subsequent orders have been XL. The colors are fantastic--vivid jewel tones--and the fabric is very soft. I've gotten many compliments on these tops, & people always ask where I got them. The best part is that I can look good at work & still feel like I'm in my PJ's!


The tunic for me can easily be worn as a dress (I'm 5'2"). I probably could have taken a smaller size but it looks nice due to the drape of it. I also ordered in it green, both are very nice. I wore it to church and received many compliments.


I love this dress.  You can wear it so many ways!  Alone , with boots, white pull up Capri pants and white sneakers, high heels.  It is so comfortable, I just love this dress.  As the weather gets cold up here in the Northeast I will add a white long sleeve T under for added warmth and maybe over the knee boots !


5 stars


Dina


Couldn't have asked for a more perfect fit & the best comfort in a swing dress.  The material feels so nice on & the flow of the dress is awesome.  The dress is very well made & the purple I bought was bright & vibrant.  I plan on ordering a few more as my husband & I Swing Dance & the dress flows so nicely when dancing.


Thank you,


Nancy H.


It's thin and light weight, very wrinkly material. The 3x fits like L to XL Carly (you know how Lularoe sizing can be) its not long like a carly or hi lo, but it's still knee length (I'm 5'4 size 20 in Torrid).


But the smell of this thing right out of the back is something awful! Right after I tried it on I tossed it in the wash. It held up well. I'd buy this again if it were to go back on sale.


This runs a tad small but not so much that it's super bothersome. It's still nice and flowy, perfect for leggings or just to wear as a short dress. I've washed it and dried it (in the drier) with my other clothes three times now with no shrinkage or unraveling. I would order this again.


I loved this top and the color.  Washed up well, no fading, no shrinking, fits great on body as to size but it's long.  I'm 5'2" and it hits me mid of my legs.  Will be great with leggins or jeans/pants.  I just look a little stumpy...LOL  I still wish these companies would stop putting the tag at the collar and place in seam at bottom of item.  This thin material causes the neck part to fold out.  I remove all my neck tags no matter.


I'm 5'6" and this dress is just long enough for work.  It falls about 2 inches above my knee & passes the fingertip test.  It is very lightweight and has a flattering, loose silhouette.  I love leggings, but my employer doesn't allow us to wear leggings as pants.  This dress is perfect because it shows off my leggings, but still qualifies as a dress.  Yes, the material is thin, but it is in no way see-through.  I won't hesitate to wear it without leggings in the summer.  I machine washed it in cold & hung to dry.  It got wrinkly, but those steamed right out.  Definitely a good buy for the price.  I plan to purchase more colors.


