It's so soft!!!  Fit well, looked cute.  Good length.  Fast shipping.  Was seriously ready to wear out of the package -  so you know it's going to be one of those types of dresses that travels well in your suitcase.


This simple dress is comfy and cute.  It has a loose fit in the hip and leg area so one size will fit a variety of shapes and sizes.  For instance, my sister is a medium, I am a small and we both fit nicely in the same size dress (small).  You can dress it up or be casual.  The material is soft and stretchy and very comfortable.  I am glad I bought the dress and would definitely buy another one.


I ordered the lavender color in a size large. Fits perfectly and the material is so soft! I may just order more in different colors. That’s how much I liked it.


This dress is incredibly comfortable!  My only issue is that the hem doesn't hang evenly; the front and back hang longer than the sides.  Is that what was intended?


It's so soft, and seems like a much better quality than some of the other t-shirt dresses.  It does run a little short (I'm 5'2", and it's pushing my comfort length), but will be great with leggings or a pencil skirt.  And you can't beat the price!


There's a star missing, because this white dress is translucent. I would like it to be more opaque, but my 16 year old daughter (harsh critic!) says it's fine... and she "borrows" it.  It's versatile, I've worn it with flip flops doing errands, to the beach - I wore it to church with black tights, ankle boots and a long black and white hounds tooth sweater. I got compliments!


Soft and comfortable


I like the color of this dress. It is bit large in the waist so I'll be wearing a thin belt around it. It is longer than expected but still cute. Definitely a great fall color.


I ordered two and just ordered a second. I love these dresses. So soft I did order up a size because I was looking for a loose fit. It fits well up sized. Had I ordered my true size It would have been big. Great value. Soft and breezy light weight


These are great tops to wear with leggings  - I would not personally wear it as a dress, it's too thin for me but it would be plenty long enough for a dress.  I bought three colors and all were bright and as pictured.  I wash before I wear all new clothes and they washed great - I only partially dried them and hung dried fully to prevent shrinkage.  I have dressed them up with a belt or a scarf.


