Dress is nice and super comfortable. It appears to have more shape online than in person. I will still wear it but if not careful, it could look a little frumpy.


Exactly what I needed, which was a simple, loose, T-shirt dress. Color was vivid and matched  what I ordered. Soft and comfortable. Shrinks a little in first wash, but not much.


This dress is great! It's a little bit shorter than I had expected. I'm 5'4" and 145 lbs. The small fits me perfectly. I would recommend this to anyone.


This dress/shirt runs a bit large.  I wear a size 10/medium, and the medium i ordered is a bit long and loose on me.  It is still wearable, but not quite the fit I was going for.  Given the price and color options, I plan on keeping this one and getting another in a smaller size.


I am 1X or XL.  I ordered this in XXL but it feels too small to wear.  It's thin and skimpy.  No pockets tipped me over to returning this.  Love Amazon!


Nice and comfy, but the fabric isn't forgiving at all. Soft but super clingy -- I won't be wearing it out and about because it's just not flattering -- and it ran larger even then I expected. Still a nice dress for the price. I will be using it for sleeping.


I'm 5'9 180 and ordered down a size from what I normally get, and got a L. It fits great. The material is soft, light, and flowy. This will be a great summer dress and I can wear it with or without leggings. I plan on ordering it in another color. Love!


Very comfortable, not so stylish, back dips more than I would like. With a straight him I could wear this to work. But now it is my most comfortable around the house dress


they are so soft!  I love the feel of them.  Actually got to wear w/leggings but I think they're too long but I wear them around house cause they're so comfy


The color is beautifully vivid. The sizing is spot on. The first wash was on the gentle cycle with like colors and then air dried. The color and softness remained intact. If there was any color washed out, it was'nt noticed. I highly recommend this top.


