Ordered as a group for a show....many different sizes....all perfect!!  Very very pleased!!  Will definitely be wearing these off-stage too!!  Really cute and very comfortable.  Many of us stated that we will be ordering them in other colors!!  Very good quality, too!!


It fit well and looked good the one time I got to wear it, but overall I'm not happy with my purchase. The dress was so thin I had to wear two layers underneath for it to be decent. When I washed it after the very first wear, the hem on the neck came apart. I don't know if it's fixable or not.


If you're between sizes, I recommend sizing down.  The fabric is comfortable.  The color is bright and fabulous.  The length is good.  I've worn it with leggings this winter and will probably wear it with shorts under in the summer.  Add a belt for extra flair.


These are perfect! They are loose and flowy but not baggy. They are beautiful colors and a great price. I got three different colors.


Awesome fit, so comfy I could sleep in it! Great price, wonderful colors to choose from, wear with tights, leggings or bare legged.


I really like the dress.  Fits good and is the right length. I recommend this dress to anyone who wants a very nice casual dress.


The fit of this dress is amazing! I ordered the fuchsia and deep sky blue colors.  The material is soft and swingy.  The colors are vibrant and fun! I couldn't pass the price up and I'm glad I made the purchase! I am 5'1 and weigh 145.  I bought mediums.


I love this dress,  it's perfectly comfortable and great for everyday errands. I'm glad I read the reviews it does run large. I am normally a 12-14 and I ordered a medium and it fit well.


Eh. I got this in a large as per recommendations on my body shape/size. (I usually wear medium). It was just okay. It honestly looked like a nightgown and was a pretty unattractive shape on me. Returned it.


The fabric was much too thin, you could see everything underneath. I don't recommend this product for the purpose of wearing to a nice event, or even out of your house


