Color is very beautiful and dress is soft and comfortable.  It is a little big.  It is free flowing.  I am just going to wear as a house dress instead of a go out dress.  But I love it.  Just need smaller size. Thank u


I love this dress and want to buy more of them.  This is the most comfortable item that I own.  I haven't washed it yet, so I don't know how it launders.  I expect it will be just fine, so I'm going to order more.


Hey, it's a cheap, thin dress-but that is what I wanted for around the house!


Fit is good, it washes and drys well, and it hasn't fallen apart.


I think it is worth the money.


I was sketchy about buying a dress off of amazon, but I was desperate for a white dress (hard to find after Labor Day). I came across this one and loved it! It's simple and super soft/stretchy material. I am 5'5 130 pounds and I fit great in the small. Definitely go by their size chart in the description because I'm usually a medium but am so happy I downsized to a small. Fits great!


Very nice. Fits as expected. Comfortable and would be cute with leggings and boots. Im getting another one!


i love the feel of the fabric feels like a comfy shirt but was a little shorter tan expected will need to wear with leggings


A comfortable little dress.  The material is soft and seems well made.  So easy to dress it up or wear casual.


I am 5'4" and I get size 3x.  It fit as expected.  The material is soft and light.  It is thin but it's not see through.  It's too long for me.  It does not cover my big mid-body at all.  However, It does cover the lower body.


I really like the material and the way it hangs on me. I am thinking about ordering another one. I would recommend it.


It’s a beautiful dress! I bought a size L and am 5’6” and a 38C and it fits like a dream. Perfect casual dress to wear with leggings. If I were any taller it might be too short. the color black is not see through like I thought it would be...I can wear it without a tank top with a dark colored bra.


