Super cute dress! Love it can be dressed up or down! Super comfortable! I wish the material were a little thicker. For the price this dress is a great find


This dress is loose but has shape. I ordered three. They are so comfortable and look cute with sandals or flip flops as an alternative to shorts in the summer. I will use one as a swimsuit coverup for an upcoming cruise. Wash on delicate and hang to dry. Highly recommend.


Love this dress - fits perfect, fabric is soft and drapes beautifully.  The colors are rich and true to the photographs.  This is my second purchase from Belaroi - other item was a tunic and I am very happy with both.  I plan to order other colors - great price, great dress!


Such a soft, lite wight, and comfortable fabric. If you have a bigger chest, it will make you look wider from the side so a sinch belt or some kind of belt is always a good option. This dress is basically a blank slate. There are so many possibilities and looks you can create. Great for people living a minimalist lifestyle! One more thing, because of the kind of fabric it is, it may show a few bumps and lumps around your bra area. Be sure to wear a bra that fits you well and isn't squishing things out or making any unwanted bulging. Hope you like these dresses as much as I do! I now owne 4. ☺


I agree with another reviewer that the yellow is more of a mustard yellow. The shirt is really soft and has a light, but not cheap feel. I wore an undershirt with it just because I’m paranoid of bra lines. I bought a large! Definitely will buy again in additional colors! I’m 5’7” and this tunic dress hits me right above the knee. I’m thinking it will be perfect for summer with shorts or capris or over a bathing suit so two thumbs up for versatility!


Fits true to size. Material is thin. Thinner than I'd like. It does show every wrinkle and roll if you are a little on the larger side. The material is soft. Feels more like a night shirt than a top. It is comfy though, might be a better lounge shirt than anything.


This tunic was longer than expected, and almost more like a dress than a tunic-top, but I love the swaying flared hemline. The color was described as watermelon but actually looks more tangerine (still nice, though). The fabric is light and airy for summer. There's a seam straight up the middle of the back which is a  little cheap-looking.


These are just like the jersey tunics boutiques carry, for less then 1/2 the price. Can't wait to pair them up with my leggings, ordered more colors! Not as full at hem sweep as umgee tops. A little over 36" on the flat. Center front length is 38", but goes up on sides to measure about 36" I'm usually a 1X, but got a 3X because these garments from China run rely small. Over All, very happy with my new tops!


Whether you wear it as a long tunic or a short dress it's beautiful the color is vibrant and the material is very soft.


This dress was ordered for my daughter who is a KG teacher.  It looked like it would be so comfortable for wearing all day on the job.


She just got it yesterday, and tried it on.  It fits as expected, and she loves it.  She was so excited to get it.


