Cheap looking material


Such soft fabric it is more comfy than pajamas.  I love it so much I wore it to Church this morning.  I am going to look for another color because I like it so much.


For the price its fine, a little thin and clingy


I love these dresses! I have 6 of them. I buy the xl because I'm 5'2 190 lbs. This one is the deep sky blue. I really like the color. It's very vibrant. This one is sewed properly at the hem. The red and grey were uneven at the hem. I Like to tie one side and wear with leggings! So even if they aren't sewn properly you couldn't tell if you tired the side. These dresses are so comfortable you'll want to sleep in them. I definitely recommend that you order different colors.


I’m 5’10” and I could easily wear this without leggings, it’s a great length. It’s also super soft and comfy, not too baggy or too clingy. I got a 2x and should’ve ordered a 1x, it’s true to size and comfy without sizing up.


The material is very light therefore making the dress very see-through. Since the material is so light it would be hard to wear anything under it to combat the see-through aspect without it also showing. I will not be able to wear this product. Also the sizing runs big in my opinion.


Wow! This dress was everything and more ! I brought several colors. My co-workers love it so much that I purchased a couple as gifts.


I love this dress enough to give it 5 stars. However, I am 5'11" and it's a bit short to wear without leggings, but I anticipated this. It also arrived smelling fairly strongly (chemical kinda smell, maybe from packaging or storage?) but washing it resolved that. Overall, a great deal for a cute dress that's very soft and comfy.


It fitted as expected. A little too thin for a plus size like me though. Super cute dress, I need to shed a little for it to look super cute on me:)


It’s a perfect dress for being comfortable in and if you want you can add some jewelry or a scarf to dress it up. It might run a little bit large but I perfer my clothes that way. I have washed it twice and it still looks great!


