Great dress! Super soft and hangs very nice on my body. This is identical to one I purchased from Old Navy. I purchased a small and it sits about 2 inches above my knees. The only negative thing i have to say is that the color is definitely not brick red...its a fall orange. Still very pretty.


I have a similar dress to this that is long sleeved and is lock & love with an assymetrical hem which is MUCH better in my opinion than this dress.  (see below link for better dress)


This dress  that I am revieweing is comfy, but the sleeves are too wide and the way the dress hangs is unflattering.


I normally am a size medium but I ordered the small because I saw the reviews on how stretchy the dress was. I am 5'7", 125 lbs, and I'm kind of pear shaped if that helps you decide whether or not to get this dress.


I will probably keep it simply because I hate returning things and it is comfortable, but I would not buy again....also, the violet dress color that I got was much lighter than I thought it would be. It reminds me of a wisteria crayola crayon rather than a deep purple.


Fit and feel of the dress are great but when I tried it on I noticed a spot. I thought it'd wash out but the attached is after 2 attempts. Spot aside, I'd consider ordering again.


I hate buying clothes and I haven't worn a dress since 2006. For the price I thought why not? I bought them for a trip and I like them. I'm going to wear tights and boots with them. It comes just above the knee so I could wear without tights. I'm 5, 4 1\2'. It doesn't cling, it is flowey. The material is thin but not see through in the brown and pumpkin.


I am 5'8 and 200 lbs. I ordered the green in a large and it fits perfect. To short for a dress at my height but perfect with leggings which is what I was looking for. The material feels like a spandex blend but is nice and does not cling. Washed on gentle cycle with cold water and laid flat to dry. I will be buying this dress in other colors.


I sized up a notch like everyone said to do. Although it isn't that far off, but I am closer to the 36 in chest size. I can easily fit a tank or something underneath and it looks super cute! I was honestly shocked at how long this was, so it is like a dress. It is fantastic!! It looks better on than in the pick. It's loose, so it doesn't cling to the wrong parts, but rather accentuates your good parts. The material is a little glossy too. In the pick it looks more matte. I am going to post this for all the people who teach for my company, as the uniform is orange. They should totally buy this!


This dress is very flattering. I ordered the large and it fits perfectly on my curvy body. I usually wear a medium but decided to size up and I'm glad I did.


I normally fluctuate between a large and an Xlarge. I purchased a large to try it out before buying more colors. The large fit perfectly on me. I am a DDD in the chest area, 179 pounds, and 5”4. The length is right above the knees. I’m actually really satisfied with how I look in it. It is very comfortable and flowy. It does not cling to my body. Shipping was very fast. Shirt/dress came in a thick plastic package for protection. Will be ordering more in different colors.


I love this dress. I bought it for work and it fit exactly how I expected. I am chesty and have a thicker rear end, and the medium worked great. It was great flow and enough room to be comfortable, even after a 14 hour day wearing it. The material is lightweight, which did catch when the wind blew, but nothing extreme. I will definitely be getting it in other colors.


Absolutely love this dress.  I am a curvy size 16 and 5'1", so I ordered the 3x and I am very satisfiedwith both the orange and navy blue.  Very comfortable and breathable falls just below my knees and flows nice. Definitely recommend to anyone these dresses are well made.


