I ordered this in 3X in 3 different colors: the bright teal/turquoise color, fuschia, and ivory. They're all gorgeous colors, true to photo, & relatively true to size (just a little tight on the arms and bust for me, but my upper arms & bust are rather disproportionately large)---I would have rated it 5 stars except for 2 things:


1. The slinky fabric shows sweat marks incredibly badly--- down the back, under the bust, & along the waist if you're wearing a belt to accessorize (I was wearing antiperspirant so thankfully no underarm sweat marks). I was wearing the teal top, a backpack & belt and spent the day walking in a theme park, and it was distressing to see how little this fabric wicks & breathes even in moderate mid 80 degrees F temps, and how much it retains in the form of highly visible sweat marks.


2. The fabric has 'memory'. Meaning if it is stretched, pulled, or twisted in any direction---it will warp in that direction. Every once in a while, I get an random itch & scratch. I wore the fuchsia shirt 1 day, and I now have 3 distinct sets of 5 finger sized warped furrows in the fabric. No pilling or tears--- warps. I'm not sure yet if it's permanent, but it's certainly enough to give me pause.


Really like this dress. Its nice and comfortable and really stretchy. I'm 5'9 and it hits above the knee. I normally wear a 2x and bought a 3x and its a little loose. I could have gotten the 2x. It is kinda see through when you hold it up to the light, but not bad.  I bought the dark grey and I plan on wearing it with leggings.  I wore it to dinner with my family and my sister fell in love with it too and she plans on ordering a couple.


I'm 5'1 and weight 145. I ordered a Medium and it fits perfect, not too tight and is loose enough that it looks 'slouchy' and not tight fitting.


Color is nice. Texture is comfy. But way too large for a meduim size. I am always medium on tops and dresses but this looks like it's large.


Love this. For my Tall gal pals I am 5'11"  and have a long torso and this lands just a couple inches above my knee. I wear a size 12/14 so I ordered the large. I probably could have ordered the medium and been fine but I like the loose flowy fit of this dress. Yes it is thinner and somewhat see through so you do need to wear something underneath it. I wore a cami and leggings. It fits wonderfully and Is very slimming.  I will post a picture the next time I wear it. I am ordering a few more colors as well.


I didn't see any reviews, but the price was great... So I took a chance...I Love this dress!! Material is ridiculously soft and comfy. I'm 5'4 and usually wear an 8. I ordered a small and a medium. The medium fit well, but was a tad big... I prefer the small.  This dress is perfect alone or paired with leggings. Ordering 2 more!


Love this dress. Comfy and soft plus it fits great.  I’m very curvy so I was concerned it might be A-line styled a bit. It is flowing, but not too big. I ordered two different colors and I’m so happy I did!


Unfortunately, there's no quality to be found in the dress I received. Upon opening, I found a hole in both shoulders of the dress. It's going to be returned. To anyone that decides to keep theirs, I highly suggest going by the directions on the lable in dress.. HAND WASH!


I live in soft tunic dresses like this with leggings -- most comfortable outfit ever, and works for any situation! So many of the tunics are sleeveless, so I was excited to find a version with sleeves and in such a pretty wine color. Unfortunately, the fabric turned out to be the type that clings to your every lump and bump. It wasn't attractive on me, and I wound up returning. But still giving the product 3 stars because it's a good design, nice soft fabric, and a great color. May work better for you than it did for me. But if you've got lumps and bumps around the midsection like I do, you might do better looking elsewhere....


Yellow matched leggings but had a pull mark (see pic). I'm 5'4 185lbs. Large fit good, hit above knee a bit. Returning due to quality issue & some colors weren't as expected.


