Never in my history have I ordered a small anything and would have swore I ordered a large, but when it came it was a small. The fabric feels awesome, looks very well made.  I also thought it was a blouse, because that's what my search was for. Looking at the size small I can't even imagine wearing this as a dress the large would have to cover my bum before I'd consider wearing as a dress!


I bought this dress in two colors. The front and back are a good length, but the hem on both sides go way up. Way to much. I returned one and will only be able to wear the other around the house. The material had a nice feel and the colors were great. It's a shame the hem wasn't even, or at least, if the sides hadn't been so high.


This blouse is at least 2 sizes smaller than its counterpart in made in the USA. Coming from China could be why it’s so small. If you order it order at least 2 sizes bigger.


Got the beige and green cause they were $6 each compared to the other colors which are $10- $15. I don't understand how the prices are different for the same product. But im glad I bought them. They are nicely made and very soft too. Looks great on me. Just wish they were all $6.


This is the 3rd Belaroi shirt I have ordered. And I'm sure it isn't the last.


It's just ok. A little short. I'm not tall (about 5'4") & would have liked to wear it without tights but that's not going to happen. It's pretty comfortable though. Definitely soft.


I was expecting a bit longer of a dress, This dress is extremely soft and comfortable, however it is very short.


My wife is converting to a nightgown,  its too short to wear out in public.


Its a beautiful item, just very short.


Did not like it at all.  Sides of the dress were shorter than the front and the back.  It has a very cheap look about it.


I love this tunic/dress! You can wear as a tunic with leggings or as a comfy t-shirt dress in warm weather. It is just as nice as those popular items we're going crazy for on Facebook groups at a fraction of the cost. I'm very pleased with this purchase and will probably buy more colors.


Love the color.  A little thin.  Had to wear a camisole under.


