Wow! I wasn’t expecting much when I ordered this, but I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived. It’s perfect to wear with leggings. The material is soft and buttery much like LLR.  I’ll definitely be buying more of these! If you are a big llr fan and have a million pair of leggings and looking for solid tops, these are worth the money!


Very comfortable and nice material. A little shorter on the sides and longer in the front and back for that "swing" effect. Will be a very comfortable summer dress that can go from the beach to more dress up by adding accessories. Can't beat the price.


This dress has saved my life! I will forever love this dress. It fits so comfortably and hides my post pregnancy belly. Is not too long or Too Short. I get plenty of compliments on this dress whenever I wear it. Navy blue color is true navy blue. I love to pair it with the card again but definitely can stand on its own. It was great with wedges pumps whatever you decide to wear with it even Flats. I will be buying another one like this one and a long sleeve one as well.


I purchased this little dress for my daughter.  I figured it might run small (they usually do) and I was right.  I'm glad I went up a size for her.  It looks cute on and she loves it.  While this is sold as a "Tunic" my daughter is only 5'2" and it fits her like a dress!  Easy to wear and easy to care for.  We are both very pleased with this purchase.


I bought this dress in the hope of finding a soft, comfortable, loose fitting item that would not irritate my skin. I have fibromyalgia and a lot of clothing actually causes pain just by skin contact.  I am so happy that I decided to try this dress out because it is exactly what I was looking for, both in level of comfort and in hiding/slimming my tummy area.


For reference, I am 5 ft 8 in, and normally wear a size 18/20 with almost all of my weight in my tummy area.


I originally purchased this item in a 2x size  because all of the reviews seemed to say it ran large and I was looking for a loose fitting dress.  I had to return that purchase and order the 3x because it was skin tight through the shoulder/upper chest area and while not physically uncomfortable, emotionally I was very uncomfortable with the fit.  The larger item arrived yesterday and I am thrilled with the fit!  The hem line is longer in the front and back and falls to about 2 inches above my knee, while the sides are an inch or so shorter.  I purchased Capri leggings to wear under the dress for modesty's sake.


I will absolutely be purchasing more colors of this dress and have purchased a couple of the tunic shirts as well!


Well, now I have another sleep dress. It is way too thin for me personally to wear in public.  Someone younger may not have an issue with the translucency, but not for this grandmother.


I was asked how did the (dress) product fit then there were 5-6 answers but none were the correct answer my answer was "PERFECT" I was totally surprised I have never mail ordered any clothing from a catalog or online and received such a perfect fit!!! I'm 4'11" somewhat fluffy so I'm not a easy fit, the sleeves are perfect amazingly and for the first time ever  the leng th was perfect I won't have to alter it in any way. As eoxpected the fabric is very lightweight but it hangs beautifully! I will definitely be buying more in more in more colors!


Also this is my first review for anything other than a Book! I highly recommend this dress asw


This is a great dress.  It drapes beautifully: not too full or clingy.  Perfect travel companion it takes up hardly any space and responds to a steamer - or hang in a bathroom to refresh.  There is a nice selection of colors: I chose this teal shade - very basic and easy to coordinate with accessories.


I love this tunic!  Fabric is very soft and the color (grey-green) is beautiful.  It is a bit clingy, so I wear a camisole under it for modesty's sake.  :)  I would call the fit (XL in my case, 5'6" and about 165lbs) generous, but not so much that I was swimming in it.  Looks great over leggings or pants.  My grandmother always used to say "buy two" when you find something you like, so I'll be taking her advice and ordering another in a different color.  Arrived early and was well packaged.


This is truly a lovely dress. The fabric is soft and beautiful, and I just wash it and dry it in my machines on low, gentle settings. The only problem is that I did not realize by looking at the photo that the front and back are longer than the sides. That is my fault, not a flaw in the dress. Since I am way past the age of wearing such stylishly modern clothes, I am using it as a wear-at-home dress. I love it too much to return it, and I am 75 years old, so to wear it in public would seem silly to me. However, it is comfortable, lovely and a heck of a housedress for me!


