This dress is for skinny ladies. I need to lose a few pounds before I wear it.


Very Nice Fit.


Me gusto


Love it!! I will definitely be ordering more!!


Really nice material.


I love this dress.  It is similar to LLR dresses at a fraction of the price.  The dress is flow-y, moves with your body, and is comfortable like a t-shirt.  Sizing between fit as expected and somewhat large.  I ordered up a size because I've never ordered clothing from Amazon.  Currently I wear between 16/18 and I ordered an XXL.  If this was not an online purchase, I'd love to try the XL as well.  Maybe next time as I will be a repeat buyer of this gem.


I own this in 6 colors; black, white, beige, watermelon, hot pink and grey-green. I love all the colors and it fits well. I am a 1x. I ordered a 1x and fits on point. I have a very amble cheat area, and it's slightly snug in that area only. Not enough to go up a whole size and risk every thing being too big.


I just received this, and it's pretty good for the price. It's probably one of the most comfortable things I own. However, I ordered the beige, and the material is see through enough that you can see patterns in underwear. I'm sure if you wore nude or earth tones, it will be fine. I am a very big woman. I ordered a 3X, and it fits okay. A little showing around the stomach, but it should stretch out. I am 5'6 and it goes a little past my knees. Overall, good product for the price, but know that it's a thin, comfy, athletic material and proper precaution must be taken.


I love this!  I wish I'd ordered several.  I'm a tall woman, weight proportionate, but have square & broad shoulders so it is difficult for me to find tops that fit well.  This is so comfy & is long enough that I could wear as a dress if I want.  It's cute with jeans though.


I now have 4 different colors of this Belario Swing tunic dress. Since they are made out of very light weight material, I wear them around the house as a comfortable outfit. The tunic washes and dried nicely. I just hang them up. No need to iron.


