I like the color. Didn’t realize this was made in China! It arrived VERY wrinkled in package and I just hope they will come out with ironing!


The dress fits fine and I like it but it’s 6” above my knees, making it fit like a long shirt, not a dress. Would be cute with leggings but I wanted them for summer wear in the south which means no leggings. I’m 5’6 and 138 lbs. got a size small. I’m small chested. The length was the only thing wrong with it. I’m returning it


Very comfortable. I normally wear a small, but could easily wear an extra small just fine. I will probably keep the small and just wear a cardigan over top to make it look less baggy.


Very comfortable.  I bought this with the idea that I could vary accessories for different looks.  I got so many compliments the first time I wore this!  It's a bit lightweight so will need to wear with boots and/or sweaters during the fall.  Love it!


Perfect length for a teen that is 5'7. Roomy and flowy. will be buying more colors for summer. material is light weight.


fIts great, just a bit brighter orange than I expected.


It's thin but it's summer. It doesn't really have much countures, just kinda hangs there, like a potato sack with a head hole


5 stars is not enough to convey my first impression of this shirt/dress. Keep in mind that I haven't washed or technically worn it yet...only inspected and tried on.


I usually order XL in tops just to be safe and it's 50/50 gamble on whether it's going to fit perfect or make me feel like I should have went with large. (But atleast I can still wear something that's a little loose) There was no XL option for this item so I hesitantly ordered Large rather than 1X and I'm so glad that I did.  I'm bigger in the top and not really just boobs. I am a C/D cup but my measurement around my chest is what makes me have to order XL tops. Most tops for more like tunics and hang straight down from the nipple area and that is not flattering AT ALL to bigger chested ladies because gives the illusion that your stomach also sticks out that far. Yikes! My entire body gets lost in tunic style tops because although my chest requires L/XL, my bottom half for in M/L. This particular top/dress is form fitting around the chest, comes back into contact with your body under your boobs and then begins to flare our. It starts getting loose right at the ribs/just above the waist then is fully flared just in time to camouflage my lower "mom tummy." The material is thin but not in a cheap/transparent way...just cool and flowy. It is a very silky smooth material. The front and back are longer than the sides. I'm 5'7 and a large is almost knee length (2-3 inches above the knee and bend of the knee) in the front & back then a little longer than mid thigh in the sides. Definitely not too short to be a modest dress but is a little longer than any top I've ever worn with leggings before. (Still gonna try it though)  I wouldn't say that this item runs big but I would say that it has so much stretch that you should not be concerned when debating which size to order. Give it your best guess and trust that if you order a size smaller than you should've...it is going to stretch enough!


I order the army green and would love to order all colors and share on my page if I had more promotional/discount codes!!!


This is a cute dress but slightly shorter than I expected. I'm 5'7" and about 165 lbs and bought a size L. I wish I would have up-sized to get that extra length. I bought it to work in but feel it's a little too short for work unless I wear it with opaque tights or leggings. Still super comfortable and flattering. If I were a few inches shorter it would have been perfect.


I purchased three dresses for my daughter and this is her favorite. It fits well and hangs nicely.  She likes it so much that we'll order it in some of the other colors.


