Lovely! to my surprise this dress is amazingly beautiful.  the fit is everything . it's long enough.  it's fun, flirty and free flowing. I received countless compliments while wearing . I will definitely be ordering more of them.


Pretty.  Nice material.  Good fit.  Dress it up... or down :)  These are awesome!  Wash well and color lasts!!!  LOVE THEM


For the price a good buy. No where near the quality of Lularoe. Hem has to be ironed after line drying as it doesn't lay flat due to cheap hemline.


LOVE THIS DRESS! I love a good T-shirt dress and this one is perfect! The material is really soft and comfy and the color was exactly like the picture. It also just fits well and hangs really nicely. I’m 5’3 and 130 lbs and I ordered a small. It is a little short, but I’m okay with it (P.S. I work in a nice boutique and this dress fits in perfectly!)


Really comfortable for casual wear and also dressy with jewelry or scarves. Very satisfied.


I am 5'1 and 127 lbs: I purchased a small, the length came below the knees and fits very loose and comfortable. The previous reviews are pretty accurate saying it would be pretty flowy. The material is very soft and thin, I ordered the pink one for a one time event and now it will probably be used as a PJ shirt. Darker colors would be the best to stick with! :)


I bought this in a large to wear with leggings. It's adorable, light weight and fits exactly as expected. It's a thin fabric so it's perfect for layering or wearing in the summer. I have this in 3 colors now. I'm 5'8 with a long torso and it's above the knee on me. I love it and wear them all the time.


Feels and fits great. I normally wear a large and 38C bra. I order the large and it couldn't fit more perfect. Can't wait to wear it out, will update with a photo and after a wash to see how it holds up.


The dress was ordered as a swim suit cover, great. Fits loose, t shirt material, exact color, light weight,


Nice material, heavy enough to swing nicely. Fits perfect and the color is exactly as pictured. I'm 5'5 and 140# and I bought the medium.


