I absolutely LOVE this dress, I wore it the other day in black, and then ordered one in light grey and green. This will be great even this winter with a pair of leggings and a cardigan!!!


I’m a petite small and stand at 5’1”. The overall fit is as expected, but the dress goes up on the sides which is too short for me to be comfortable wearing it out and about. I like the look and feel of the fabric.  If it was a bit longer on the sides it would definitely be a go to dress for me.


I ordered this to wear with leggings this fall.  It fits perfectly and is super cute.  Not too clingy. I haven't purchased any leggings yet but can't wait to get some so that I can wear this when the temps start to drop!


I was worried when I pulled it out of the package that the material was too flimsy but when I tried it on it looks just fine.  I love the color and will enjoy wearing it to special casual events.


This is a very adorable and simple dress. Can easily be dressed up or down or even thrown over a swimsuit.The material is very soft and flowy. Not clingy! It does run a tiny bit big because of the flowy cut. I bought it in 2 colors and I am happy I did. These will be an awesome addition to my late spring/summer clothes.


Dress is super soft and comfy but the material is thinner and more clingy than I would have liked. Not likely to wear this as a dress but will definitely keep it to wear as nightgown/loungewear/coverup.


Fabric is incredibly soft and comfortable. A much more affordable/stylish/ethical alternative to Lularoe's Carly dress. Wear with leggings or pants for a modest, contemporary look.


I am guessing it will need careful washing/hang-drying, but that is worth it for how nicely it fits and looks.


Material looks a little sheer so this will be a house dress for me but it's very comfy!!


It's a lot tighter than other 2X dresses, which usually fit me loosely.  This one is like a second skin and not flattering as shown.  I will probably return for a larger size as the dress is light and swing otherwise.


Perfect! Great purchase! All the cients bring me compliments! Right now I purchase another dress in other color!


