This dress is really comfortable and the material is really soft. I threw a belt on it and wore it with cowboy boots and I got lots of compliments. Could also be worn with tights and a scarf for colder days. Love it.


Worn this dress already and I love it. It fits really well and it is super comfortable.  I am  5' 2" and it hits slightly above my knees, which is perfect for me. If you are taller, you may need to wear it with leggings, which would be super cute also.  I picked the Army Green as I was looking for a casual fall look, yet I can dress it up with a black sweater or blazer.  I am very  happy I bought it amd will probably buy another one in another color.


I ordered a size up and it still ran small. Also it's the material of a nightgown. A really soft, nice nightgown, but I don't know if it's Street material.


I ordered a 1x. I'm 5'1 and 190lbs. I ordered the orange and it's certainly a true orange. I'll be pairing it with accessories to tone it down.


I love it! Just arrived today. Have not washed it yet, but it looks great! I am 5'4" and 170lbs. I ordered Med. Fits me like LLR Carly XS for way less!!! Its a few inches shorter, though, so i will  wear with leggings. I am average size up top but have a some extra rolls in the middle. It hung nicely. And the arms weren't tight. I will probably hang dry it like i do all my LLR to make sure it doesnt shrink.


My new favorite dress! It fits perfectly with a very flattering fit. Have now ordered in a second color. Definitely going to be a go to piece.


I wasn't sure if I would like the fit - I am 5'3" and 180lbs and I purchased a large after reading other reviews.  I was please with the loose fit - I could always through on a belt if I wanted to.  I paired it with various cardigans and jackets in my closet and found a few combinations I really liked so I am keeping it.  I will likely go back and order another couple of these dresses in different colors too.


Very pretty! I got the purple (very vibrant) and received lots of compliments when I wore it today. The only issue I have is that I dropped a spec of makeup on it and tried to spot clean it, but I was not able to get the makeup off and the material left a water ring. Basically, I had to wash the entire dress to get a small spot of makeup off that I would normally be able to spot clean. Otherwise, I really love the dress and it was well worth the price!


I like the style of the dress  and the fabric is soft, I was glad that it wasn’t clingy or show my rolls, but the dress length is too short I am 5’3” 138. The sides are shorter  and show too much leg. The sleeve length was too matronly for me - so I shortened the sleeves and made them cap sleeves.  I was hoping to be able to wear to go out to dinner, but for the price ( very reasonable) I will use as a beach cover up instead - not worth the cost of shipping it back


I love these shirts! I now have them in 5 colors and plan to buy more! They fit great and look perfect with my patterned leggings. I'm about 5'6 and the length goes to just about the top of my knee. I've washed and worn the shirts a few times and they have held up great! The colors are bright and after a few washes there has been no fading or pulling.


