I love this dress, but it shrank the first time I washed it. Can’t wear it to work now, because it’s too small, but I still wear it when I’m lounging at home.


This will be nice for casual summer wear or with leggings for yoga. Thinner than I expected but not too thin. Quality is decent for the price. Color is vibrant.


Too big and drapes over you like a sack. The color is great but when the fit is not commentary whats the difference! Order size down.


Even though the dress "fits" okay, it has the same issue as seen in an earlier review...the fabric is so thin you can see your bra.  If I wear a  white bra, you can see it. So, I guess I need to go buy burgundy color bra.


Lovely, simple dress that can be dressed up or down, very comfortable to wear.  It’s a little longer than knee length on me but I ordered a large size and I’m short.


I ordered in my original size and it fits beautifully. It's really comfy and soft. Nice enough for a day out but casual enough for work as well. I love the way it falls and the length is perfect. I will be ordering more in different colors. ❤


I'm 5'-8", 200#, and not big busted. I normally wear a 2x but ordered a 3x just to be on the safe side. When I got it, the 3x wore like a 1x; it was tight and unflattering, I looked pregnant. My suggestion is that if you have a belly, don't get it, it's not made for us "bigger gals"with a belly and no chest. =(


These dresses are breathable, soft, and so comfortable. I got a large and it is an awkward length on me, being 5 ft tall, but I solve that by tying a knot under my bust. This is one of my favorite dresses and it is so simple you just can't go wrong with it! I've paired it with leggings and a cardigan in the winter and worn it by itself in the summer with sandals. Definitely will be buying more!


I LOVE this shirt dress. I bought several colors! It is SO well made, flows perfectly and looks very classy. I usually wear it with leggings but we are at the beach this week and I am using it as a dress. Great buy!


Love the dress. The color is gorgeous. It fits nicely. The fabric is thinner than I thought it would be, but all in all it will definitely be worn often. Plan to buy more in different colors.


