I am always leary of buying a dress because I have the mom overhang belly that I hate. This dress was flowy enough that you couldn't tell as much and it was super light and airy. I will definitely be ordering more dresses in different colors!


Super soft, super comfortable, super cute. It seems weird I gave it 4 stars considering I own it in 3 colors, but I have to take off a star because I wish companies would learn to increase the length of the dress and not just the width of the dress with the bigger sizes. I am 5'8" and 190lbs and DDD breasts and have super long legs so this dress is pretty short on me. I wear spandex/biker shorts underneath it so I'm not worried about it, but if you're a modest dresser and taller than 5'5"ish than this will be very short on you. I found it to be very comfortable and the white is even great quality. I wore it sweating around Thailand and it doesn't have any pit stains or anything like that. I love how soft the material is and how easy it is to transition from throwing this on over a bathing suit to dressing it up and going out at night. A great travel piece that's multi functional to save precious luggage space.


Do not buy a size up unless you want a loose fit. I typically wear a small. And I could have gotten away with wearing a small even being 5 months pregnant (as seen in pictures). The only reason why I'm not upset is because I'm sure my stomach can grow into this and it was an awesome find for a more of an amazing price.


So basically I'll just buy a small post-baby and still be happy.


But this dress is awesome. Its nice and flowy. Great for the summer or even in the fall with some tights and boots. I'm due in January and hardly any of my pants fit anymore. This was perfect to wear to work and I plan to add accessories to it for the fall (boots, scarf, etc.).


I am 5'1". Usually wear a women small but with my pregnancy I now typically wear a medium. But like I said, as flowy as this dress is, I could have still worn a small. But with my growing stomach, a medium still gives me room to grow and still be comfortable. So I'm still satisfied.


I hope these pics help. Some of the other pics were a little dark in other reviews.


Comfy. Not clingy in the tummy area at all. Great material, I haven't washed it yet but it looks like it will wash well. Casual enough to dress down, and nice enough material to dress up. I am 5'5 and 165 lb., 36DD in chest and the size large fit perfect. Hope this helps anyone wondering what size to get.


I will purchase more colors once I see how well it washes. Great everyday dress! Happy customer!


I got it in Navy Blue


I bought the rust and green colors. The rust color wasn't exactly as pictured IMO. Still love it. I am 5'6" 130lbs and small is perfect.


Ordered my normal Large, expecting a long tunic. This is a knee length dress on me that needs a belt!!! Pretty good quality, not see through, soft. Would recommend, but maybe err on the side of smaller if you want a shirt and not a dress. Yellow is more of a light mustard than a sunny yellow.


Dress is comfortable. I ordered XXL and I received 1X. So, it is a little large but still fit and comfortable.


Love the color and the feel. Very comfortable and flattering!


Very soft, super comfortable- but the picture does not accurately represent this dress. I was expecting a t-shirt flowy dress fit. This is cut really high on the sides (think high low dress, but the front and butt are the low parts, and the sides are the high parts). It exposed way too much side leg for my comfort zone. Just be aware it's not just a slight upward cut as the picture shows, it's rather extreme.


It's really should be just listed as a long tunic top and not a dress IMHO.


Fits great. I added a belt to give it more of a shape.


