Not sure why these have such high reviews. It's practically see through. Maybe it's just the yellow and white that I bought but it's pretty bad. And I hate having to wear layers especially in summer. I kept them because I got them on sale. I'll use them as sleepwear. But I wouldn't buy again.


I'm usually a women's M in tops. Reading reviews and seeing it ran big I ordered a medium in the rust color and a small in the navy. Both colors were true and beautiful. The material is so soft and light and the style is so forgiving and flattering. The shoulder seam of the medium hung off my shoulders and the armpits/bust were too big and saggy. The small fit comfortably in my shoulders and bust, but still felt a little big. Both dresses were too short for my taste. I'm 5'3" 135 lbs 36c and they fell a few inches above my knees. Sadly returned.


I ordered 3 of these tunic short sleeved dresses and love them dearly. As another reviewer stated the price was right and the material feels buttery soft. I usually wear a size 4/6 and ordered the small. The dress runs big and fits more like an 8/10. Because it's a bit loose fitting you may want to wear some long necklaces or a belt to help accent your shape.


I just received my order today (in the awful extremely hot weather we're having here in the northwest)..and put the dress on right away.  It is so comfortable and I love it!  One of the other reviews recommended going up a size so I did:  it adjusts easily around the shoulders and is breezy!


The customer reviews are wonderful and very much appreciated by first time buyers!  This is the first time I've been comfortable all day!


I loved this t-shirt dress so much that I ordered 3 more in different colors!  IMO its a nicer fit than LuLaRoe.  It washes nicely, its extremely comfortable and very fairly sized.  I'm a women's standard size 8 and the medium fit me perfectly with a bit of wiggle room.  Amazing deal!!!! Oh, and I'm 5'2" and it went just above my knees.  Not too long to look granny like my LLR did; and I could buy 5 of these for the same price as 1 LLR similar dress.  I'm still nuts over this dress!


This item fit great. I'm 8 months pregnant and needed a breezy tshirt dress to run errands. This hit just above the knees for me and was comfortable. I washed it before I wore it because it had a strong smell. I washed it again after a one-time wear, same instructions, and it is ruined. I guess you get what you pay for, but really...one wear?!


These dresses are adorable.  I ordered 4 of them for my daughter and she loves them.  They were purchased in an XL and fit her well.  These can be dressed up or down.  I'm impressed with the quality of the dresses for the price and she has gotten numerous compliments on these dresses whenever she is wearing them.  Wouldn't hesitate to purchase a few more in different colors.  They are perfect for those days you need to run out of the house and want to look somewhat 'put together' but don't have time!!


Really enjoy wearing this dress.  The feel is so comfy, soft, the fabric moves, it's almost like wearing a comfortable nightgown in feel but it's very nice for day/evening wear.  I ordered an XL (I'm a sz 18)  it fit a bit loose but that's ok.  If I were to order another I would get just a large - that should make me feel good, huh hahaha.  I ordered two, this cobalt blue color and black.  They will definitely be summer wear. I prefer dresses to shorts/capris and I know have two I will get a LOT of wear out of!


I purchased the burnt orange color. Although the material is very soft, it's quite thin and see-through. I wouldn't feel comfortable wearing without a slip or something underneath. Also, although was hanging off me, it also managed to accentuate my postpartum tummy. It just wasn't flattering. I was looking for a LLR Carly replacement. Sadly, this is not it. I will be returning not only for the for and material quality, but because there was an error in stitching on the sleeve.


I love these tunics/ dresses.. I just had a baby and put on a ton of weight.  I bought super grande because the material will cling to anything unsightly if too fitted. material is soft and lightweight and easy to care for. The colors are beautiful I bought green which is a Kelly green and Watermelon which is a beautiful bright coral. These are nice with those tie front bolero if you want to add some shape. The bigger you go the longer the tunic or dress. I've  bought like 4 I will keep wearing even when I get back thin again. I get huge and skinny again with every pregnancy. This is a very versital.


