This is a thin t-shirt material which shows a lot of wrinkles around the hem upon removing it from the package.  The color is vibrant, just as shown in the picture.  Since it is very loose, I tried it with a belt, but then it gets too short for my taste.  I am 5'3" and 60 years old, so I want something that comes to the knees.  Another review says this is for younger people, and I have to agree.  Sending it back.


It's a nice tunic and it fits as expected. It is flowy and creates a good silhouette. I gave it 3 stars though because the length is much longer than described and it's bright red, not wine red. I'm 5"7" and it comes down to my knees. I guess that makes it versatile since I can also wear it as a dress, but I should have gotten a in a darker color (I bought the 3/4 sleeve tunic in black) because the color is way too bright and isn't versatile for my wardrobe. Don't get me wrong, it's very nice and I would buy it again in a different color.


Even with an iron, I can't get the wrinkles out.  I washed the top in cold water, partially, dried it on "delicate". Removed the top from the dryer, hung it up, hoping the wrinkles would fall out.  Then I ironed it, hung it up, came back to wear it.....The wrinkles were back.


This can be worn as a tunic over jeans or leggings or as a dress. It’s so comfortable and easy to wear and fits as expected. It washes well, I line-dried it, and only needed a touch with the steamer to make it look great. Great price and excellent value. This is one of those wardrobe items I will wear over and over again. It looks great with a belt, or a scarf, or a statement necklace. So many options! Q


Nice drape fabric, very flattering!! I would normally order an XL to make sure it was big enough, as some things tend to run small. I read the reviews before I purchased and noted they run large, I ordered a large and it's perfect! If you purchase you definitely won't regret it! I'm ordering another.


I gave two of these dresses to my daughter-in-law for her birthday. She sent back the first two because of some color issues but says she "loves, loves, loves!" the two replacement dresses she ordered. Returning the first two was easy.  She's very happy and so am I. Thank you.


Th ese are so comfy and the fit was perfect. The material is extremely soft. I think the hemlines on sides are cut too high, at least for me, so I wear mine as a long shirt with leggings. They would make comfortable nighties/night shirts too. I was pleasantly surprised with quality.


This was a great beach cover-up. I bought a bright green one for Christmas and liked the style but the color was a bit too bright. So I bought a second in grey and it is great. I just wish the material was thicker. It is kind of clingy and you can see my fat rolls easily with it. I wish it was more like thick old fashioned cotton t-shirt material. I like wearing it with leggings.


This fits and wears  great! Am thinking of getting another one but in a different color! I can actually wear this alone as a great summer/beach or not outfit, or with leggings! I love the versatility to be able to dress it up or down and having it look and fit great either way!


I was hesitant to buy clothing online because of fitting issues, but this dress fits perfectly. I also like that it's rayon and spandex rather than cotton. It's like comfy t- shirt material.... love it! Is great to wear alone or with leggings. The color is also really pretty. Looking forward to ordering more of them in different colors.


