Wore this to a black tie wedding and it was perfect. Comfortable, elegant, nursing-friendly, fits well (even over post-baby body), and classic. Will definitely wear it again. I bought a few to check sizes and returned the others, and the return process was super easy too. Highly highly recommended!


Dress was beautifully made.  Wonderful fabric, but too big.  I am 5-4 and a 38 DDD and it fit my chest around but straps were too long and waist was way too big.  It would have needed extensive alterations so I sent it back.  I am happy to say they were really fast at processing my refund.  I would try ordering from them again, if I had time for alterations.


One side of the top was larger than the other and it was too short, even for flats on 5'5" gal. Great color and lined well, however.


I usually wear a 4/6, and, after reading the reviews I chose the 6. If you are normally between sizes and not busty, then the higher size will do well. However, I am a 32G, and I have difficulty zipping the back past the ruching around the waist. I might return and exchange for an 8.


This is a very elegant and well- fitting dress in a beautiful color( as pictured). Definitely a keeper.


Way too small, and quite poor quality. Nothing like the pictures. I sent it back after trying it on. I wear a size 8, ordered a 10 to make sure, and it was still way too small.


I couldn't believe how nice the dress was for the price I paid, my daughter needed a dress for a summer wedding and this dress was within her price range and just what we were looking for.  I lightly ironed when received, the V-Neck is low cut. Perfect length. I wasn't crazy about the pins for the shoulders because they are gold with rhinestones would prefer silver with this color but that's an easy change.  The color is perfect and dress very comfortable. Received very fast!!!!!


I can't believe how well this fits and how great it looks! Never mind how affordable it is! I have been searching for a white bridesmaid dress and took a chance on ordering this one. I couldn't be happier with it. I am 5'4'', 125lbs and the size 4 fits perfectly. Highly recommend.


I ordered according to the size chart but it was too small. It didnt zip all the way but was super big in the chest. I returned it and that was easy enough and the refund came quick.


Very pretty dress.


