It was to small so I sent it back. I got a refund very quickly. It is a very pretty dress though just did not fit.


Perfect fit. Should leave it out to hang or steam it before you wear, but was great for a cheap bridesmaid dress.


Although I am returning it, I was pleasantly surprised when I received it. For the price, I was very impressed with the quality and love the color. Fit true to size but I was a bit more exposed than I'd like to be up top. I think it would have been perfect if I had alterations done to lift the shoulders but my event was coming up too soon and I didn't have time.


I was surprised by the quality and fit of this dress.  It was perfect for a semi-formal wedding.  The bust was a little loose and I had to tighten the straps some (I used safety pins because I don't sew).


I'm 6" tall and bought a size 10 in red.


The dress is ALMOST long enough. I assumed it would be a bit short, so that lived up to my expectation. The V in front is a deeper than I thought so will likely add some lace to it.


For the price and the delivery time, I'm happy with it.


I ordered a size 8 based on the measurements provided by the seller. I'm usually a 6. It fits perfectly around my rib cage, but a little tight on my chest, which was expected because I am "well gifted" in that area ;) I was showing a bit too much cleavage so I wore a tank top under the dress. It looked great! Very flattering on the stomach. I'm 5'6" and the dress is a little long, but I can still wear flats with it if I am careful about not tripping on it.


Pretty great for ordering it without trying it on!


I have ordered a number of Ever Pretty Dresses as I am on the search for the perfect dress to wear to a wedding. Their sizing and fit is very accurate.


The color of this dress is true to the picture. It is lined however you definitely will need to wear a bra/cups or something because it is very thin up top.


The V is not very deep and the Crystals on the shoulders are Pins so that can easlily be removed for a more casual look.


I think what I like most about this dress is it's versatility. It is easy to dress it up to wear to a wedding, but you could also wear it with a denim jacket and sandals.


I hope this helps!


I wore this dress in a wedding. It fit, and the quality was really good for the price.  It was long (I'm 5'3" and had to have 6" cut off to the it would be floor-length). The only issue I had with the dress was finding a bra to go with it, since the 'V' is so low. Otherwise, it was a great dress for the cost.


5'3" normally a size 12, got a size up and did a quick fix to the straps to fit on top. Hemmed a half inch so i could wear 3 inch heels and still have a floor grazing gown. Beautiful print and great fabric, very comfortable to wear. The pleating in the middle didn't accentuate the waistline very well. I was able to wear a  regular style bra, balconette bras will show in front if the plunge is not sewed up.


Really affordable dress and surprisingly good quality for the price. Worn in a drama production and it worked really well for me. Size 4 Fit was as expected though a little too long for me (5'2") so I ended up having to just cut the bottom. If I was wearing to a formal event I would have had to have a professional hem but the dress arrived within hours of my first performance so I had to use scissors. Plus no one else saw it up close so that was fine.


