Don't even hesitate to buy this dress. It's not as "luxurious" material as you would think, but you get exactly what's in the photo: class and beauty. Yes, there is a low v neck, but the material clings to your chest so there's no cleavage or bust showing. I thought I ordered the right size, but it was tight to zip up. So when you measure your bust, add a few inches. I am a 36C and I ordered a 6, but needed to return for an 8. That's only place that needs to fit right. The rest is forgiving and flowy. Overall, great dress.


Arm pit area was super tight & I ordered 3 different sizes, not for ladies with large breasts or long torsos. It still is a pretty color though.


This dress was WAY nicer than I expected for the price. I ended up wearing this instead of a dress more than double it's price as part of a bridal party. I ordered the size 4 and 6 as I was worried it might run small based on other reviews - it does not! True to size (but I'm not very large up top, which may have something to that). Definitely polyester but you can beat $35!


Gorgeous dress! I still can't believe it was so inexpensive for the quality and perfect fit.  It was cut a little too low on the cleavage for my taste but nothing that can't be fixed. Took it to my seamstress to get it altered for under $5. The shoulder gold detail comes in a little ziplock bag with two clips - one for each shoulder.  I liked the dress better without them but totally cute once on as well.  Both pieces are removable so the dress can be washed although I would dry clean and not wash at home.


Was very pleased with the dress. I'm 5'7 around 150lbs and got a size 8. It fit well, but the ruching had fallen out of place by the time it made it to me. I think it would have looked more fitted had it stayed tight and in place, but it was still a beautiful dress and I got many compliments. I am on the larger end of a B-cup and I think it would have been an issue if my chest was any larger. Overall, lovely dress/product and I would definitely purchase from Ever Pretty again.


Follows bridal sizing not standard dress sizing. I had to go up sizes to accommodate my ribs. Otherwise great value for a bridesmaids dress


I am very long waisted/long torso, so the empire waist of this hit me squarely across the bust. And when I pulled it down to put it in the right place, the V-neck went way too low and looked odd and awkward. Am returning because it just didn't fit me right.


The product came as expected. I could have sized down I believe. The dress came folded up in a bag and because of the material it is now super wrinkly. I did have to fight with the zipper as well. You get what you pay for thought it’s not a bad dress for under $40.


I bought this for my sister as a Christmas present, and she REALLY liked it. She said that it feels and fits good.


Excellent quality but not for very busty gals. If you're over a D cup, this isn't your dress. If you're smaller chested though, this dress is incredible for the price


