I bought this on a whim thinking that it might be perfect for a summer wedding. I was shocked at the quality for only $25. Granted, the under-layer is made of some cheap shiny material but it flows well and breathes and the top chiffon looks expensive so it doesn't even matter. The 14 was far too large all over and the 12 fit with plenty of room to spare, even though I have a large bust. The color is not as subdued as it is in the picture but I actually liked that. I got tons of compliments on it and I think it would suit almost any body type.


I purchased this as a bridesmaid dress. The fit is pretty much as expected, maybe a TINY bit smaller but nothing that wouldn't still be comfortable. I usually wear a 12/14 and a 36/38DD. I am 5'8 and weigh 180 and got a 14 and it fit perfect. I like that it hides a bra. It does drag so keep in mind that it is quite long but should be perfect floor length with heels. It looks similar to the $200 dresses I saw and fits so much better. It's also light and comfortable. Should be perfect for a summer wedding. Bonus to this was Prime and free returns. The bridal stores all have a no refund policy and it takes about 3 months to get your dress in on average or you have to pay extra for rush shipping to get it in 2 months. Mine did not come with the sparkly clips that everyone else seemed to get but that's ok, still couldn't ask for a better price.


Awesome dress, however when I bent over, the zipper broke. Thankfully, I was able to get through our mommy and me shoot. It's a little bit see through, so definitely don't be like me and not wear a slip! It is a gorgeous dress tho!


 I purchased 3 dresses size 8, 10 and 14 and all were true to size. My daughter is wearing a size 10 on the video


and she is about 4 feet 9 inches. The color is beautiful (aqua) and the quality of fabric is very good.


She will be using it for a wedding. We also purchased in joanna fabrics a iron on embleshment and the dresses looked beautiful.


This was better than what I had expected for the price. It's definitely suitable for something formal though I don't think I'm going to be wearing it to the ball I was going to attend. I'm somewhere between a size 16 and 18 and the 16 fit pretty well.


I'm 5'8" 156lbs and a 34 C and the medium fit like a glove. If I was any thicker at all in my bust/rib cage area it would not have zipped.


It was so much better than expected! It was long enough on my 34" inseam to wear regular tall heels and the chiffon outer layer still reached the floor


Also with how it's made I was able to wear a normal lightweight bra. I had a black silky t-shirt bra with really thin straps and thin black band and it rarely showed. It would only sometimes pop out in the cleavage area but I didn't worry too much since the materials blended.


Seriously a nice quality for a formal wedding. I got to save money on the dress since I never wear dresses more than once and I got to spend the extra money on heels I know I'll wear again!


Nice dress.  It is made well.  Was impressed with zipper installation and that it's lined.  For me, fit was a little tight and I ordered 1 size larger.  I'm so impressed though, that I'm ordering a couple more in other colors.  I'm going to modify the top.  When looking at the top to change, I feel the construction of the dress is rather good.  I'm a sewer, but bought this to cut some corners.  At $25.00, I couldn't be happier!


TOO small around my rib cage, I could barely breathe and it took a team to get me out without damaging this dress. I did what the reviews and size chart recommended by ordering a size up, but that didn't do much good.


I'd say order a couple sizes up, but I'd be worried about the bust being too big that way.


This is probably meant for a very thin woman with a very extreme hour glass shaped body.


I bought this dress for a formal night on a cruise. I ordered a size 12 (I usually wear a 10/12 depending on the cut/style of the dress).  The dress fit great, but it was very long (I'm just a little over 5'4"). I had to have it shortened by a tailor.  This was a great dress for a reasonable price and worked perfectly on my cruise as it didn't wrinkle in my suitcase.


I ordered another dress from this company but in a strapless cut.


After going through 5-7 dresses for my cousins wedding this was my last ditch effort before I said screw if and wore a pant suit. This dress is incredible. It fits like a glove. It's the perfect lenght and size. Best of all it's washable and the fabric is light and airy. Perfect for a July Mediterranean wedding.


I'm 5'10(180cm) 42D bust, 39 waist, 49hip and the size 18 fit like a glove. (Please ignore the wrong bra in picture, you will need a plunging bra).


