This dress is, amazing!! I bought this dress for my 11yr old for my wedding.  I did sew the cleavage up about 5in. But I had planned that before I ordered it.  It's flotation in the wind was perfect for our beach wedding in Jamaica! Very well made and fit as expected!


It's a beautiful dress and quite heavy, meaning that the quality is not poor. However it is extremely long, you'll always have to take it in at the bottom or wear 10" heels and it was slightly big around the waist, but nothing we can't fix! The bridesmaids will look good in it, especially cause the color is so perfect, true to the picture (corral).


This dress is perfect for my Christmas event! It fits PERFECTLY! I am super curvy and it hard to find a dress that is both wide enough and long enough. I am 5'9 and there is enough room at the bottom to wear heels if I want to! I would highly recommend this dress for anyone looking for a dress that fits curves!


The item arrived pretty quickly with no damages. The product is somewhat small, and the zipper is extremely difficult to zip up. You need 2-3 people to be able to zip it. The stitching looks pretty cheap as there are places where strings are coming out, but not so badly that I need to return the dress. Besides the horrible zipper and a little bit of tightness around the torso, it fits alright. I definitely don't think this is a quality product worth the selling price, but it will work well enough.


On a side note, if you want to show off your chest, this dress does a great job at that. :)


It came fast, it fit perfect note if you are more than a B the bust area it's too small for you lucky I am a B so dress it fit perfectly I often have problems with this kinds of dresses because I am either too big or too small nice to see this one is perfect and in person look better than the photograph a very happy costumer, will buy again!


Super beautiful and light weight. Great alternative to the pricy department store versions. Only issue is that it is hard to zip because of the ruches on the back.


I loved this dress; the fitting, the color, and the material! It was an inexpensive buy yet looked like I spent a good fortune on it! I wore it for a wedding and received many compliments! I will definitely be buying more from this seller. The only concern is that since the dress gets shipped in a bag, the material will wrinkle so make sure you get creative with your iron/steaming option. I made it work and the dress was gorgeous! Thanks!


It's okay. You're getting what you pay for. It's 100% polyester and looks cheap. But it's cute if you are not trying to really look formal. I found the fit to be a bit off. I am usually a size 6 and the 6 fit perfectly but the straps were way too short. I sized up and ordered an 8 and it was way too big. They both were sent back. If you are looking for a cheap dress that isn't really fancy, this will do. Otherwise, look for something of better quality, even for the price.


I bought this dress as a bridesmaid dress for a wedding. It fits amazingly and is exceptionally comfortable. The only thing I would say is that the front is pretty low cut, not a negative but it was much more noticeable on me than in the picture.


The color is nice and the material is very elegant.  However I bought it for a bridesmaid and its way too big.  Having it altered is not really a good option.  the sleeves are supposed to gather and have the jewel pin at the top and if it wasn't for that the top would fall off the shoulders.  Make sure you order correctly.  This dress is pretty but runs big.


