The print is pretty but very dull in comparison to the photo.  Fits everywhere but the neckline and the shoulders.  With some fashion tape and some minor alterations, it’ll work well.  You get what you pay for!


Beautiful dress but received a size 10 instead of a size 4. (Opps) Luckily I bought several from same company- all gorgeous. Was hard to choose which one to wear!  It was reasonably priced and looked just as beautiful as the ones that cost $100 more! Highly recommend.


I bought this dress as a bridesmaid in my sister's wedding. I only had to get the length and the straps altered (I'm 5' even) the material is awesome and so comfortable. I've never gotten so many compliments. Amazing dress for an awesome price! I highly recommend it!


runs super small


I bought this for a wedding, and the quality is fantastic for the price. The top was a bit loose on me so I took up the straps a couple of inches to improve the fit. After taking up the straps, the length of the dress was perfect to wear with low heels.


It was slightly large, and I ordered the proper size for me. I have a large bust, and still it was slightly baggy in the chest area. Is is designed to be very low cut, so that probably explains the amount of fabric up top, but with a 36DDD I still didn't fill the cups. For the price it was perfect! I wore it to a fancy summer wedding and it was flow-y and cool all night. I bought a deep V body shaper to wear under it for support and smoothing. Paid less than $20 to get it altered down to the right fit. Overall pretty happy with it!


Too big and I returned it.  It was a size 4 and it was too big around the bust.


Pretty dress but too large. I gave it to my friend as a present and she's very happy with it.


This dress is Awesome! I ordered it for my upcoming prom and so far it looks great. I am around 5'5, 34 around the bust and 33 around the waist. I ordered a size 12 thinking it would be big around the bust and tight around the waist, but I was wrong! The dress fits comfortably all around, I even have a little wiggle room in the waist. However I will hem it just a tad. As long as nothing goes wrong, this is a great dress!


This is a beautiful dress and the quality is great. It happened to be too small. It wasn't true to size, I am usually a size 10. Very disappointing. I would order a size up especially if you are a busty and curvy girl like myself.


Update- I reordered a size 14 which fit perfect especially on the boobs and ribcage !


