Fits great, used as a bridesmaid dress.


This dress was beautiful, you can't beat it for the price! The v-neck was not too low, and the back of the dress is a v-shape as well but I was still able to wear a bra with it. The only downside was that it was about 8 inches too long (sans heels)! For reference, I am 5'1 and 108 lbs and I ordered a 2. I had it hemmed though and it was perfect.


Beautiful, flattering dress. Uncomfortably low cut and VERY long, but otherwise fit as expected (going by the size chart provided). I put a few stitches in the v-neck to shorten it (otherwise there was no way to get by without my bra showing) and hemmed three inches off the skirt (and was still having trouble stepping on it from time to time) so if you're average height be prepared to do a few modifications. Machine washable is a plus.


I ordered these for my bridesmaids, some ordered their own, and we all love them!  They are so happy to be asked to wear a dress that's flattering, versatile, and ridiculously reasonably priced.  All of them have said the dress is comfortable and feels of high quality; everyone I show the pictures to declares they are gorgeous as well.  This really is an incredible bargain.  They'll be paired with shrugs for a fall wedding and each bridesmaid has said she can imagine wearing the dress again for another occasion.  The dress is VERY long so my average height and shorter friends definitely need to get them hemmed and a few are having the straps shortened but at such a low price, even paying for the alterations they are still a steal!  Having been a bridesmaid before, I wanted my friends to have a dress in a lovely color that flatters many body types, doesn't break the bank, and can actually be worn again and these fit the bill perfectly!


Took me a long time to decide on buying this Dress due to it being Amazon and all... I'm 5'8 and I purchased a size 8...im usually a size 6...the 8 almost fits perfect but just a little tight in the torso for me. Gonna see if I can get it altered a little. Extremely long, hoping when I put heels on it will be better. Overall great dress for the price...bought it to stand up in my dad's wedding.


Dress fit as expected.  Like similar reviews, the arm holes are a bit big but ok for me.  The neckline is a deep "v" but the girls are staying put so it's ok with me.  I'm pleased with the quality, especially for the price.  Length is perfect (I'm 5'5" and will be wearing heels.  I bought this for my (2nd) wedding dress and I plan to paint a floral pattern on it (yes, over-ambitious).  The price was perfect in case it doesn't work.  If it does, then I just spent under $50 for my wedding dress including materials to paint!


This dress is absolutely breath-takingly gorgeous!  I ordered the 14 after hunting through the reviews.. I'm usually a 12/14... I'm 5'5" about 200 lbs.  The 14 would have been great if it weren't for my chest.... I'm a 38G and the cup on the 14 was just way too small.  I've ordered the 16 and I'm hopeful that will give enough extra fabric for me.  In the picture, I didn't zip the back to try to keep the photo a little more PG--


This dress is GORGEOUS and I'm truly hopeful that the 16 fits!  The purple is a BEAUTIFUL color- a little lighter than the photo shows but it's pretty true to color. I've ordered the dark red for my second one! :)


I followed the sizing chart for this particular item, but...


1. When I received it the top was much too large, both in the distance from waist to shoulder and in cup size.


2. I ended up taking in the dress myself because I had no time to reorder a new one as it was for a wedding the weekend after it came in.


3. It has a very very deep neckline.  I had to purchase a new bra to be able to fill it out correctly without showing my undergarments.


Overall it is a pretty dress but ended up not quite what I expected, and definitely required more work than I expected to be wearable.  I'll most likely never wear it again because I was so dissatisfied with the way it fit, which is sad because I was planning on wearing it to other formal functions.  That's why it only gets three stars from me.


Gorgeous purple dress!  I actually purchased 2 different dresses - to choose between - and although I'll be wearing the other one to my formal event... I kept this one as well!  Now I just need another formal to wear it to!  Or I'll have it shortened to cocktail length - so I can wear it to weddings or other semi-formal events.


I'm 5ft8 and the hem is just around my ankles, so a tad shorter than I expected. I bought the pink with blue flowers a couple of years ago and decided to buy the black floral one this time around because the model is so pretty and dresses me really well. The flowers are a bit faded, so the contrast you see on the photo is not there. It just feels like there could be a bit more fabric everywhere. Fits perfectly around my chest and underarms.


