Nothing like waiting until 2 days before the school dance to order something flattering to wear!  My daughter found this and we took a gamble --thankfully it worked, as we had no backup plan.  She got a ton of compliments --we found it to be true to size and it was of a higher quality than we anticipated.  Great purchase.


These dresses are gorgeous, but they are very long. I am about 5'4" tall and mine was about about 6 inches from the bottoms of my feet. It gathered on the floor. Trouble is, having it hemmed would cost more than the dress. Too bad.


Loved this dress in blue it was pretty in person. The dress fit well; follow the chart not your usual size.


I ordered this dress in emerald green and it is beautiful and good for the price. However, I am 5'3 and it is way too long. It could have been hemmed, but I didn't have time before my event and was not worth the cost.


I did order one size up in this dress. The color is exactly as pictured! I purchased to wear in a wedding and so far have been well pleased. I am hoping i dont have an issue finding a bra to wear without it showing in the front. The dress does come with two pins you can wear if you choose to on the shoulders. The length is also just as pictured. The only surprise when the package arrived was just how pretty this dress is in person. My husand commented on how beautiful this dress was during my try on so that sealed the deal.


I purchased this as a bridesmaid dress and it is lovely.  However, the sizing is very different than "normal" or standard sizes.  I can always count on being a 2 or a 4, especially in long, flow-y dresses, so that was the size I ordered without thought.  Then my friend (the bride) mentioned the sizing chart (it's one of the pictures of the dress) and when I checked it, I saw that I actually should have ordered a 6.  It's very strange, because it's not even the bust part of the dress that is super tight, its the material right under that wraps around your ribcage, which, short of wearing a crazy uncomfortable corset (no thank you!), is one measurement that can't be "slimmed" down.  I ended up returning the 4 and ordering the 6, which is beautiful!  The price is amazing too!


The Beautiful dress fits as size is true. Very flowy. I love it I will order another soon.  Never Disappointed , I will send pics as soon as i can


My measurements were exactly a size 6 but I ordered a size 8 because that was the smallest they had left. This dress is true to size and once it is altered it will be perfect. Additionally, it's very comfortable, not see through, and the burgundy colour is very close to what is pictured. I'm actually quite surprised I like it as much as I do.


I was very skeptical as I recently ordered 2 dresses on Amazon, neither of which showed up, but this dress came exactly when it said it would and is good quality for the price.


Beautiful dress even for Fall Wedding. It is low cut so plan on tape for breast area. A c cup would be great but you cannot wear a bra in my opinion. Plan on hemming. A bit long. Really pretty and flows nicely. It would be easy for a novice seamstress to tuck up the top and hide the tuck under the band on strap, as it slides. I loved it.


I ordered this as an emergency "just in case" dress for prom for my daughter, as her other two choices hadn't even shipped and the event was quickly approaching!!  (The other two were not from Ever Pretty!!)  The dress is just as pictured, stunning, and impressively well made, especially when you consider the cost!  I really liked the fact that the shoulder decoration came as pins that can or be worn or not depending on your preferences.


What impressed me the most was the swiftness of delivery!  Given the  fact that we are a military family stationed in Germany, and this dress had to come shipped to an APO address I think under 10 days from the date of the order to the date of arrival is AWESOME!!  This is the second dress we've ordered from Ever Pretty, and I will order again and again and again!!


