For this price, I seriously couldn't ask for more. It looks like a gown you'd get at a department store once it's pressed and/or steamed. Would buy again and again.


Love this dress!!! My husband and I just did the courthouse wedding since he travels out of country for work. I wasn't going to buy a dress then the day before the wedding I was just looking on Amazon and found this. Did 1-day shipping and it arrived the next day at 11am. The dress fits true to size and yes the bust area is small but I am on the smaller size so this was perfect for me.


i wore this as a wedding dress 8.5 months pregnant and it looked great. Only thing it is white and slightly see through so look at slips as well when considering this. really great quality and have worn many times since a great look at the beach and as a summer dress.


One of the biggest worries. If it would hit me mid calf or where.  It actually does sweep the top of my foot.  It is as close to perfect for length as I have found. The color is beautiful and the style is as pictured. The gown flows,  The material is chiffon. I would recommend this dress. It's not as long as pictured, but long enough for my 5'9.5"


So gorgeous. Was going to wear it to prom, but ended up going with another dress because me and my mom didn't really have the budget for a new one (what with the $90 for the prom ticket -_-). Absolutely hated having to send it back, but I plan on buying it for my next formal occasion!


My friend is crazy about this dress,  it is beyond my expectations good material ,good price no alteration needed ,she will wear this at my wedding.


bought for greek goddess costume for school thing, so much easier than making it myself and my daughter looked fab


PLanning to use this for a cruise. Didn't want to go too expensive as it may never get used again. Will work for what Im using it for...


I had to buy three different sizes of this dress to find the exact fit. I had to get two sizes up from my normal dress size. The dress is very low cut. You can choose not to wear a bra but the material is so thin, the dress wouldn't give you much support in the needed areas. It is a beautiful dress. I received numerous compliments.


I'm 5'9" 145lb A cup and I bought the size 8. Perfect length to wear with heals and fit well. There was a little more room for someone with a slightly larger cup, but not much. Great quality for the price.


