I am in love with this dress!  I bought this for elegant night for a cruise.  I didn't want to spend a ton of money on something I won't wear too often.  I am 5'6" and around 153lb and I purchased the size 10 and it fit perfectly.  The straps are a little too loose, they may fit better on someone with a larger chest (I'm a 34D, but not a huge D cup).  The dress is incredibly comfortable!  When I'm comfortable in a dress, I feel like I look better and I'm not worrying what everyone thinks because it looks amazing.  The color is true to what I see on the monitor.


Nice dress for $30! However, this dress is really low and I wouldn't have kept it if i didn't have a "plunge bra." It looks great with the bra on and even better with the jewelry I already have. Other reviewers said the dress is too small for busty girls. I bought a size 10 and I am a 36C and the dress fit fine. If you have huge boobs, yes this probably wouldn't be the dress for you, but it works for me. The dress is not very long. I am 5'5" and I am wearing 3 inch heels and it's on the verge of being too short, but not enough for me to return it. I decided not to wear the shoulder broaches because I think they are dated. Overall, it's comfortable and a great buy and I know it will look great when I am all glammed up. I'll post a picture here after the event, so stay tuned!


I buy a lot on Amazon and this is one of the few times I felt compelled to write a review.


My greatest praise is for service.  I ordered a size up (more later) and received the package very quickly.  But it was way too big.  One phone call and I had easy exchange instructions.  Yes I had to pay return shipping but I  knew that going in.  I received my replacement dress within a week of mailing the return.  My only complaint is there was no e-mail when the replacement shipped - but I received a prompt email response when I inquired as to the status of my return.


The dress itself is perfect for my needs - a lightweight formal for a cruise that should pack well.  The fabric drapes and swings nicely and the style is flattering to my shape and age.  It is very low in front but I will be able to pin or tack it closed if I feel the need.  I had to buy a convertible bra so the strap would not show in the back.  I am a 36C and the coverage is fine.


I will agree with those who say it runs short.  At 5'4" I will be able to wear a medium heal wearing a size ten.  And while I feel I got a great deal on a nice dress, you are getting what you pay for.  The outer fabric is a thin,  soft chiffon, the liner some sort of polyester knit.and the pins for the shoulder straps are not fine jewelry.  But it is a very nice dress for the price.


A note on sizing.  I usually wear a 12 but they were out of that size in black.  Based on the size chart, I ordered up, thinking I could take in the sides.  Wrong.  The 14 was a full 4 inches too big in the bodice.  So I exchanged for a 10 and it fits beautifully.  I  carry much of my size 12 weight below the waist, so will occasionally need a ten for fit through the bodice.  Given how the 10 fits, the 12 would have been a bit big, so I rated this dress as "somewhat large."  Fit will really depend on where you carry your weight.


It was a beautiful dress, but while I ordered the largest size possible, it wouldn't zip up past my lower rib cage. I had checked, carefully, the measurements on the size chart, and pulled out my clothing tape measure and the dress should have fit, but it did not.


It's a gorgeous dress, beautiful and would have been absolutely fabulous had it fit properly.


This was a good dress for the price, I wore this to a wedding. I am 5'0 so I did have to get it hemmed about 3 1/2 inches from the bottom (depends on your heel height to be honest). I also had to adjust the shoulder straps on the top of the dress because I think this dress is made for a taller woman (which is no fault of the dress maker). My measurements are 34C, 27 1/2 inch waist and I ordered a 4, this dress did fit me almost perfect, if you want a snugger fit and you have my measurements, maybe order a size below. Overall good quality fabric, easy to fix if you order a size too big and the color was vibrant in pictures. Overall great dress.


I am 5' 6" and 150 lbs.  I got a size 8 and the empire waist fit really nicely, but there wasn't enough space allowed under my breast to allow for even a backless bra, and there are no nipple petals or support at all in that area, so I would not be comfortable wearing it.  The material the covers the breasts is pretty thin, so I feel like even a small chested woman probably wouldn't care for it.


So I got this a size up but it was entirely too small in the chest area and way too long. I am 5'6 size 6 and 32DDD and ordered a size 8 and had major side boob spillage (like entirely too inappropriate for engagement photos) and couldn't zip it all the way when it got to chest area.  Since it is a cheap dress I didn't want to pay for alterations that cost more. I got white and depending on color underneath it was somewhat see through. However, quality was good for the price.


Pretty dress but the fit is all wrong. The band that is supposed to be at your wait hit across the bottom of my boobs. The dress seemed to fit everywhere else fine but the bust is a huge issue. Guess it's not made for someone with boobs.


This dress is perfect for the price and just beautiful. It's a lightweight dress, compared to the other gowns I've purchased on here for my other daughters. The chiffon is very flowy and pretty, and the color is spot on for matching the blue of Tiffany & Co., which is a color for my wedding this summer. I'm very pleased with my purchase and my daughter loves how simplistic and sweet it is. She is 5'8" and will have to wear flats with it or the hem will be completely off the ground. Just a great dress for the price!


This dress is absolutely beautiful on! It's so comfortable and extremely flattering. It's definitely simple but could be dressed up with accessories easily. It sweeps the ground with 4 inch heels on me and I'm 5'4". The fit is like it was tailor made for me I can't think of a single downside with this dress.


