I did not receive the dress pictured at all. The dress I received was a different brand, material and size. It was not formal in any way and was just a casual maxi dress. It was not was I was looking for at all. I was very disappointed.


Pleasantly surprised. I paid $40 for This dress, quality is no worse than the $200 dresses I bought in the past. The fit is perfect. I’m 5’4” and weigh 155.


Love but returned it because it was too similar to the bridesmaids dresses.


Great dress but order a size up. You can't beat this dress for a $25 bridesmaid dress. We all love it.


Dress is pretty and good fabric. Zipper is on the cheap side and difficult to zip up. The dress also much lower cut than the pictures show but okay if folks are okay with that. I am 5'4" and would have to have about 3" taken off of the bottom to wear with heels.


It is a little too small, and also a little long, but it is so beautiful, and way nicer than I was expecting. I'm sure I can just get it hemmed. Well worth the price. Will be shopping here again. I suggest buying the dress, 1 or even 2 sizes larger, and getting it tailored to fit exactly to your body.


Very pretty. I am usually a size 2 tops (skirt is very flowy) and this dress fit very well (sz 4). Looks better than in the picture. I am 5'3" and was able to wear it with 3" heels without altering (almost touching the floor tho). I like the quality.


I ordered this dress for my nieces wedding. I was going to have it hemmed but it was minimal so I decided not to spend the money on it.  It fits perfect with super high heels.  I am 5-1" and ordered an 8. I had it sewn up a little in the chest area as it was too revealing. But is is a nice chiffon feminine dress.


I wish it was just like half a size smaller and not as long (I'm 5'3 and with heels 5'6) then it would've been perfect but I still wore to the event.  Nothing but compliments on the style and the color.  I had to hold up the front of the hem all night so I wouldn't trip or rip the dress, but I love it still.  Planning to have the alternations made myself but still a great buy!


The dress is beautiful and fit true to size. The quality of the fabric is what I’d expect to find at a bridal store (and be charged 100+ for). I bought it for one of my bridesmaids to try but the color wasn’t quite what I wanted. It’s a shame, because we loved it.


