Love love the dress, fabric is super comfortable. The only problem I have with it is that it’s too tight in my chest area. I am a 36 triple D and couldn’t zip it up even without a bra. I got a size 10 which is also my jean size. The waste fit perfectly......but the length was quite long.... Planning to order one size up and we’ll see how it goes!  Otherwise I definitely recommend!


This style is flattering and size 16 fits me perfectly.  I have 42-37-48 figure. Skirt is plenty flowy over the hips. Armholes are a bit too low and my bra band shows a little bit, and the front is a bit too low, so I have to pin it.


Fantastic dress for the price. I bought it for a company holiday party because I wasn't ready to drop big bucks on a dress. I'm 5'5" and with 3.5-inch heels it was still a little too long, so I had to get it hemmed. Also, the underarms run a little low, so a regular bra will show. But other than that, it fits great. It is also easily dressed up with some jewelry -- I wore it with "The Waterfall Statement Necklace" that I found on etsy (not allowed to link it here, unfortunately) and it looked great!


This dress was very nice. It is not meant for someone with breasts that are larger then a B cup. I could not make it work for me so I returned it. I would have bought a larger size if one was offered.


For reference I am 5'1", 105 pounds and I ordered an extra small. My bust is a 32", waist 24" and hips 33" The length of this dress with my four inch heels was perfect, and I liked the way the material felt. It's a gorgeous dress but unfortunately my shoulders were too small for the straps and if I shortened them, there wouldn't be adequate room for my chest. Returning this item.


I think this dress is exactly what expected, for the very low price. I'm a bridesmaid and the bride wanted us all in tiffany blue dress, which was kind of hard to find. I bought a dress on another place, but when I saw this one, I thought I should give it a try, because of the price.


It's not exactly "haute couture"; I probably won't wear it to the wedding because the party is supposed to be "more fancy". But it's a beautiful dress and I'll use it in some other occasion.


It's a bit short, though. I'm 5,84ft high and it goes to my ankles. It was also a bit large on the top, I had to get it fixed: my breast is 39' and waist is 30', and size 12 was a bit large for that. The hips were perfect, though. (I'm 44').


The material in the dress is a lot more see-through than I would have imagined, but modesty won't be a problem because the outer layer and the slip underneath combined create enough opacity. The issue with the fabric is gets very static-y, those this could be fixed with static reducing products, like dryer sheets. The fit is nice, but the zipper can be very sticky. It takes more than two hands to close easily. The middle strip of fabric does not actually cinch the waist in, but does create a flattering effect. My mom, whose opinion I always trust, was surprised at the plainness of it. I chose it so I would be able to wear it again, so I am not very concerned about that. Another thing I was warned about, was the low cut of the neckline. This is easily fixed with a few unnoticeable stitches.


The dress is very pretty for the price....but the shape is off. We used these for my sister inlaws wedding and we all had to order a size larger than we normally wear. And the length is VERY long. I am 5'4 And I had to hem almost a full foot off of the bottom so I wouldn't trip. The zippers are extremely hard to zip up on all of thr dresses too. That would be my biggest complaint about this dress.


Absolutely LOVED this dress!!! I am 5'7 and 115lb & this fit me perfectly - gorgeous & vibrant colors!


Giving it 4 stars is b/c the quality of the zipper/chain isn't great -- it's was really tight/gets stuck easily - the dress itself wasn't tight on me at all, but just the zipper was just not smooth/and really hard to pull up - I was afraid to break it - my sister had to pull it up for me, but I am not sure if I'll be able to wear it w/o help next time!  Also, like others have mentioned, the neck line is a bit too low / so I wore a bandeau and it worked out, so that's not a deal breaker.


This dress was not flattering at all. As soon as I pulled it out of the package, I knew it wasn't going to look good. It was fairly drab once I put it on. I'm 5'3", 110lbs, 32C chest and I ordered a size 4 and it was far too large and too long, even with 3 inch heels. Overall, I was not impressed with anything about this dress.


