I loved this dress! But I am 5'1 and it was about 2" too long and I had to return it. There may have been a way to get it altered, but I didn't have time. The dress was comfortable and pretty. Looked even better on then in the picture!


Wasn't as impressed with this dress as I thought I would be. NOT for large chested women. My boobs were popping out and not in a flattering way, if there even is a flattering way. The dress was nice and flowy but too much cleavage for my liking.


Decent dress for the price but it definitely runs small according to the sizing chart.


I rarely write reviews, but I was so happy with this dress, I wanted to encourage others to go ahead and take a chance on this surprisingly inexpensive gown! I needed​ a light pink gown for my sister's wedding party, and everything from online or in a department store is over $150 and not a "true pink", but more of a blush color.  This dress is beautiful! Much better than any from David's Bridal, arrives quickly and fits true to their size chart.  I am so happy with this purchase and can't wait to add some bling and celebrate a wedding!


This is a great dress. I ordered a size 16 and it fits pretty well. The only thing that makes it too large is that it is just slightly too low cut to wear a strapless bra and it doesn't have any padding built in. There was no support in it basically and I'd have to pay to have it added and the straps made tighter. The color is listed as red but the picture showed burgundy which is the color I am looking for. So I took a risk and ordered it and the color is spot on to the picture and is in fact burgundy. The dress is made well if you have time to get alteration and padding added this dress would be perfect.


Beautiful dress! Especially considering the price tag- I was pleasantly surprised by the quality. I did order one size above what I normally wear. I did have to have it hemmed (I am 5'1" and I wore 4 inch heels) and I also had the straps shortened. If you are thinking of purchasing DO IT! I wore it to a military ball- but it could easily be worn for many events.


The dress is great when you consider how cheap it is. I would give it four stars but it did not come with the crystal attachments to the sleeves as described, the length of the dress was very long so I'll have to get it tailored (im 5' 3"), and although the zipper closes when its not on me, it doesnt close when im wearing it, even though its slightly loose in the back, but it might just be the angle so im praying it'll work when someone helps me. Other than that, its a nice lookig dress at a great price and I'll be wearing it to my mothers wedding.


I bought this dress for a graduation ceremony. It is a beautiful dress but be warned - the dress' cut does not allow for a conventional bra. It has both a plunging neckline and open back. I used stick-ons and that sufficed. There were some places like under the arms by the breast that allowed a little too much skin to show (for the occasion) but that was remedied with 2-sided fashion tape. The dress is long but I wore 4" heels which made it the perfect length to clear the floor (I'm 5'6"). I usually wear a size 2-4 dress (I'm 119 lbs) and this dress fit great.


I ordered this dress in dark green and in sapphire blue. Both colors were rich and striking. The v-neck plunged lower than my liking, but that could have easily been fixed with fashion tape or a quick alteration. The material was thin and lightweight. I felt it was quite fancy enough for what I needed it for but flattering. Can't beat the price.


I am 5f 7in. I bought two of these dresses. A pink one and a black one. While they are very pretty, they fit really weird. I have a really narrow waist and smaller boobs. The dress fit in the waist great, however it seems like there just isn't enough dress to go from waist to shoulders. The part of the dress that is supposed to cover the boobs actually aligns just above the boobs. So basically you put the dress on, zip it up, then once you put the shoulder straps over your shoulders the entire dress moves upwards. The waist part moves towards ribs and the ribs part moves towards the boobs and the boobs part moves towards the upper chest. This would be a great dress if they would just make the shoulder straps little big longer, Give them a little big more material.  I guess it would work for a person who has a really short upper body I guess, or maybe a really slim, really short person.


