I have to admit I wasn't expecting much, but this is a GREAT buy! Classic, simple & flattering. I would suggest replacing the zipper if it's something you'd like to wear more than once or twice - but, really, for the price, who cares??


If you are a super skinny or full figured women then I would consider this dress for you. I'm somewhat in between small and big and I feel like the dress cuts me in a strange place and makes me look bigger than I am. I like the dress and the color is beautiful, but I would only wear it if I lost 10-15 pounds. I can zip it and everything but it would just look better if I were smaller.


It is absolutely beautiful.


Runs 2 sizes smaller


Very pretty


First, the size of the Dress was significantly smaller than the standard.


Second, The coloring of the dress in the picture is much lighter and brighter than the dress delivered.


And finally, I ordered the dress several months in advance of our anniversary as a gift to my wife, only to then discover the size discrepancy (note: all of her newer dresses in the size I order fit appropriately).  When I sought to return the product my request was denied because my return exceeded the limited period of 30 days.  I will not purchase from Ever Pretty in the future.


it fits fairly well based on the sizing chart provided by ever-pretty (in photos along


with the rest of photo shots of the dress, not the amazon.com default sizing chart!),


although I'd go one size up if you prefer loose/comfort fitting.


I've ordered an "Ever Pretty" dress before, so I thought I knew what to expect....nope. This one is bad. Not figure-friendly. (If you are "hippy", stay away-it made me look wide.) Cheap material. (Not the fabric expected of a formal dress.) Too short (Even with flats on. I'm 5'6"). I ordered White, but it looked like it had a hint of Lavender to it. (Confused me too.) Just a no-no.


I am usually a 16-18, but I thought I would try this.


It is quite lovely, nice drape, but too small. The size says "16 3XL; well, those are two very different things.


A bit of spandex in the bodice would be perfect!


I ordered this dress for a black tie wedding.  I ordered according to the size chart which is larger than my usual size but some of the reviews seemed mixed.  When I got the dress it was too big as I had suspected it would be.  I returned it and ordered my size and it fit like a glove.  I loved it but the only thing is if your busty you may have to safety pin it, I did.  The length was great, I'm 5'2 and I wore it with 3 inch heels and it was perfect to the floor.  Overall I was completely satisfied, it's was inexpensive and would definitely get dresses from this designer again.


