After having my son in January I was worried about finding a dress that fit for my best friends wedding this month. I ordered a 14 just to be safe because some of the reviews said it fit kinda small and I'm nursing so I needed something with a little room in the bust area


I love this dress!!!


I'm thankful for other women leaving comments as it helped me determine my size for this dress. I absolutely love it and received so many compliments on it. I see myself returning to buy other colors and patterns and I've already recommended them to some friends looking for dresses.


The dress would have been perfect, but it was too short .. at 5 7 it only came to the ankles. So, since this dress was so lovely I am having it shortened into a cocktail length. For the price, I dont mind.. Also there was no detachable bling . It was full of static cling. and comes shipped in a small bag so, you will need to steam it.


Surprisingly high quality fabric for the price. Looks very nice, but I will need to take in the shoulders and the bodice. I'm a 34B, I ordered an 8, and the whole top hangs very loosely on me and exposes my bra under my arms. I should be able to fix it though, and its definitely pretty enough that I want to keep it!


The dress is beautiful just around the breast part and under one of my arms  is it a little tight I don't particularly like the zipper, I will take to my alteration lady to see if we can change zipper out otherwise I'm pleased with the dress


We purchased a dress locally and then ordered the same size for two dresses--size wasn't even close.  We aren't sure why they are cut so much smaller, but we will have to return them.  If you consider these dresses, they appear to made well and the colors and fabrics looked great.  We ordered two different styles and both were cut the same.  Just guessing, but we may need to order two sizes larger for the right fit.


I like the flowy material of the dress and the pattern is very pretty.  Just what I was looking for.  The only downside is the waist (empire) is a bit big and kind of makes the dress look  not as fitted as I would like.  I have run into this problem before because I have a large bust and to accomodate that sometimes the waist will be too big.  Overall the dress is very nice!


This dress was amazing.... except for the armholes... they were weirdly cut and showed half the side of my breast!!!


Beatiful dress. Elegant. Everybody love it on me. Perfect for a spring wedding at night time. I'm size 8, 140 pounds and 5'4 but I decided to have in 10 for the waist and was the best desicion.Fit as expected.


I like the dress itself, but I went according to the size chart with my measurements and it was too big. I will return and buy a size down. I wear a 12/14 and ordered a 14. Will need a 12. If the 12 fits, I will update my review!


