No crystal on dress. Appears different than photo and not in a good way. Will probably donate to Salvation Army


It's a beautiful dress but it is way too long and a bit large in the waist area (I ordered a size 4). I wish there had been an option for a size 2. I'm 5'1" and 106lbs.


I also purchased another dress by this company and had similar pros and cons.


Pros:


-I am 5'4", 32C, slender build.  Fit perfect around torso


-Loved the pattern


-Quality was better then expected for the price


Cons:


-Crazy long (will have to pay to have it hemmed)


-Will also have to have cup inserts added


Though I loved the pattern I went with the Ever Pretty Trailing V-neck Ruffles Cross Back Empire Waist in solid green for a wedding I have in late fall.  Will be keeping as the fit was great.


This dress looks so pretty in the picture but when I put it on it looked like a sack! There is no shape to the dress.Waistline starts right under the bust line and the dress just falls from there.Picture is deceiving! It's going back!!


I was a little skeptical about the size because of the other reviews. So, I ordered size 16. It fitted just right, just the breast was a little too big. I went to my seamstress to make minor adjustment.


So ugly, but my son loves them!  I do like the blue to mix up the camo a little.


Great quality in the material.  My favorite part is that the drawstring really works so that helps them stay on my skinny boy!


Nice, too small for me.


I read the review and i order 8 but fits me big! the 6 could fit me better but i still love the dress =)


Had to alter the length and V neck slightly but fits just right now-- Minor alterations that were done  at home!.. and for the price, this dress is great! For reference I am ~5"2' 150lbs-- bought a size 8


This would be a nice dress (a little brighter/more royal blue than the picture), but it was WAY too small.  I ordered a 4, as I'm hourglass but have a small waist.  The dress would not zip over my rib cage.  Honestly, I think I probably should have gone TWO sizes up.  Order up, definitely.


