The dress is pretty nice. It runs BIG though. I'm a very well endowed chest (34DDD) that usually wears a larger size only because of my chest size. But I ordered my regular sz10 and had to return it for a sz 8. You don't have to worry about the rest of the sizing because it flows around the hips. But the upper bodice should FIT not have 2 extra inches of room. For me that meant sizing down.


I like straps so I can wear a bra, but it has to be a very low plunge because the sides, under the arm are low too, and the back V comes pretty low too.  For this I ordered the bra adjuster that wraps around the stomach and pulls the sides and back down. It works.


 I like the GREEN because it makes it look kinda Grecian. The broaches on both shoulders are GOLD color with white rhinestones so the good part is that they are detachable. I were only silver jewelry. This dress is linned whith a polyester slip and the chiffon could cling. It's a good idea to spray with that no cling spray before stepping out or taking a small travel size with you. If not you might find yourself in the john wetting your hands and running over the slip.  I'm only 5'3" and don't have to him it with my tall shoes so that's another plus since I usually have to hem everything.


I really, really loved this dress, even though I ended up sending it back. I had ordered two dresses and picked the one I liked better. I ordered a size 4 (I usually wear small or extra small). It fit perfectly snugly around the waist. One reason I didn't keep it is that I'm very small chested and this is pretty low cut, so it would have been tough to find a bra. The other thing is that it's a REALLY long dress (I'm only 5'3") and I would have had to get it hemmed or trip over it. Very beautiful dress, though.


Order this dress for my sorority formal and I LOVED it!! It was the best look for the event and made me feel beautiful. I am 5'6 and weigh 180 and ordered a size 14, which was perfect for my body type! The dress was a little long, but nothing a nice pair of heels can't solve. Highly recommend wearing this if you are looking for a formal dress


Perfect fit. Beautiful. You will want to pin the cleavage (although males in the room will shout not to!). I am almost 5'3" and based on feedback didn't think I would need to hem it--I waited to order so didn't have time but had it not been a beach wedding, I really should have had it hemmed, it was too long. Maybe with heels it would have been perfect, I am not sure. No wrinkles at all, not even when it arrived in the mail, not even after packed in carry on all the way to HI. Really really nice. Will try to add photos later.


Pros: flattering fit, great price, good color options, good quality


Cons: long (I'm 5'6 and would have to have 3-4 inches cut off), extremely low cut


I loved the idea of this dress. It was just what I was looking for in a bridesmaid dress. I am between sizes and ordered up. I'm glad I did.


It fit great; however, the low cut of the dress definite gave a show when I turned sideways. I'm going to have to return it for that reason because I don't want to be the talk of the wedding with my cleavage. I do feel like the dress would be too big in the bust for those with a smaller chest.


While this dress is beautiful, I and 4 of my bridesmaids ordered the same dress off of the same listing and received different dresses. Very frustrating but not enough time before the wedding to keep playing around with it. Seems like each size may have a different style/change. The dresses are well made for the price and the color is beautiful, but not worth it if you need a few exact matching dresses. The shades also were off from a few of them.


I was very disappointed -- the dress was really unattractive  The fabric was nice, but the styling of the dress was not flattering.  Sizing is very strange and does not match at all with size chart.  Could not zip up the bodice -- I'm normally a size 4, sometimes a size 6 in US brands.  I'm 5'6, 130 lbs with a relatively straight build, and 36C top.  Size 8 was huge on the bottom and cut very narrow through the bodice.


I bought this as a last minute bridesmaids dress (6 days before the wedding) after searching every single store in town for a gray dress. I chose this dress because of the availability, not necessarily the look. This dress isn't glamorous or very modern, but it fits well and it's really comfortable. I ended up tying the bottom so I could dance without tripping on the dress, and it worked well. Overall, I got a lot of compliments and was pleased with the dress after all! Definitely would recommend.


I ordered this dress for my wedding ceremony day (bigger wedding day coming in October). It arrived when I expected the dress to. It fits great but as I had unpackaged the dress (the day before my wedding  ceremony day)I had noticed a big stain on the back of the dress on the upper left corner of the shoulder part (picture included). I was very upset trying to figure out how to get it removed and the dress said Don’t Dry Clean! So I followed the directions on the label of the dress and it said to machine wash on  delicate and with cold water and light detergent. So I did so and the stain never came out😔. So I washed and hang dried it and wore it anyway with a scarf to cover it up.  So the reason behind this review is to let you know that make sure to check the dress before you think you can wear it. I mean I knew I had to clean it of course but I didn’t think I would get a dress that was stained up. I loved the dress just not the stain that I had to cover up😔


The dress is exquisite. But I ordered 2 of these dresses. One for me, and one for my sister in law. Both she and I are having problems with our zipper. We even took off the dresses and just tried to zip them up that way, we still have the same difficulty. We are going to have to take the dresses to a tailor to see if there is hope with the zipper. If I didn’t have zipper trouble, this would be rated a 5.


