I was expecting something else. I Am going to be a bridesmaid at a wedding and we rent these dresses from a shop. One of the other bridemaids didnt rent hers because the number 12 was too tight, so I bought her this no 14 and it is too small.


I bought this for a Christmas party for work.  I felt like the most beautiful girl in the room.  I was complimented by so many people and was told I looked like an angel.  If I had to write a complaint, it would be that the v neck cut is pretty deep so I wore a long necklace to hide some of the cleavage. The price is so great too.  I normally by a new dress each year and I did not feel guilty spending the money on it.  The shipping was quick too.  Great buy!


This dress is beautiful and would have been perfect for an upcoming cruise.  Unfortunately it was too small in the bust area.  I wish it came one size larger.  I will be returning it


The fit is perfect. The zipper however is low quality. For the price it is worth it though. The zipper is difficult to get over the change in fabric (the rouching) like very difficult. It took at least 15 minutes but once over that it fit perfect. I will consider changing out the zipper given the dress was so inexpensive. The quality of the dress otherwise is great. It looked better on than in the photos online.


Nice quality and fitting. just make sure you use the size chart from the seller and you will be fine. if you find one of the size does not fit your measure, what I did is to guide with the waist measure. For example: size 2 breast and hip size fit me but the waist is too small for me. and Size 4 breast and hip size is too big but the waist is my size. so I went for size 4. because you can always use padding to "size" it up. This worked for me. hope this help.


The product I received is not as advertised. This dress is not an evening wear. It seems instead the inside lining of another dress. I will never wear it and deem it to be a waste of money. Unfortunately I cannot return it due to the fact that the packaging is not available.


Great dress that fit perfectly. I bought a size 8 and I am a size 8 so I was happy that it fit like a glove. I bought it for a Halloween costume but didn't end up using it so it sat in my closet unworn for some time. I just wore for a wedding and got lots of compliments! It was nice and flowy and I love that it's floor length. I felt like Belle the whole time I wore it!  It was an August wedding in south Louisiana but I was never too hot in this dress. I bought it for $30 and would say that was a good price. I wouldn't pay too much more than that for it.


I ordered this dress in blue, but found the color to be more of a blue-green.  This agrees with the picture on the screen.  The v-neck is a very deep v in front and in the back.  I would have had to modify this to wear it.  I have tried other size 16 Every Pretty dresses and this one fit a bit snug around the waist compared to the others.  It was also longer than other Every Pretty dresses of the same size, which is a problem for me as I am 5'4".


I don't like spending a lot of money on a formal dress that I will only wear 1 or 2 times so I decided to give the dress a try since it was so inexpensive.  I'm glad I did. I sized down 1 size, but I think the dress runs big in the bust area, but I am smaller on top.  Whenever I buy a dress,it always needs altering so that doesn't upset me about this dress.As a matter of fact, the alterations cost more than the dress! But now that it is fitted properly, I think it looks really nice.  I bought the dark purple and it was certainly hard to choose a color with so many options.  All in all, I'm happy with my purchase and would buy again from the company.


Very pretty, however size chart is not even close to what the dress size is.  It is especially large in the chest measurements. I have now ordered a 3rd dress trying to get the right fit!  I do think it is very pretty, love the pink color and chiffon.  Hopefully with the right size will look great! Update: I have now gone from size 14 to 10 base on chest size measurement.  Now the waist actually fits, but chest is still too large!


