I'm 5'6" and this dress was way too long!  I ordered my normal size and it was a little too small. My husband had a really hard time with the zipper.  I'm also rather busty and couldn't wear any of my regular bras with it. My bra showed on the sides and back.


Got dress today as an alternate bridesmaid dress! Even if I don't wear as a bridesmaid I plan to wear for a nice dinner or to attend a wedding or graduation! I wear a street size 4 and ordered a size 4. Fit perfect! 34b bra normally and I am 5ft 9 inches and length is perfect! The light gray at is beautiful and soft and flowy dress!


The dress is very pretty and seems well enough made - except that the straps are about 2 inches too short.  I am 5'7", 135# and bought a size 8.  The waist band hit right across my breasts.  It could work as a push-up bra.  It will work fine if you are petite.  Although the length was just perfect on me with the waist across my chest.  I think I would have loved the dress and green color if it had fit appropriately.  It would have required a stitch to keep it from being a little more revealing than I would have liked.


This dress far exceeded my expectations. I bought this dress to wear as a bridesmaid in my sister-in-law's wedding this spring. The quality rivals that of big-chain wedding shop gowns, but for a fraction of the cost! The green is very rich and dark, and the double layered fabric is really pretty and feminine. I bought a size 4, and I'm about 5'5", 120 pounds give or take, and it fits well. It does have extra length on it, by maybe 2" or so, so that it can be worn with heels. It does have a low plunge in the front and back, so finding the right bra may be a challenge. The dress, however, can be worn without one and looks fine. It is very comfortable and flowy, and over-all elegant. In addition, it doesn't require dry-cleaning. A simple hand-wash in cold and drip dry will do. Would purchase again.


The dress is great and looked more or less how it looks in the pictures. I thought the top part was a little too loose for me, so unless I just wear it for something very casual I will get the straps altered. Overall the dress was great for the price and I can think of many occasions in which this will be my go-to dress. I'm 5'8 157lbs and got a size ten, but despite having plenty of room in the dress the zipper got hard to zip up at the midway point (even when the dress was not on me), but as long as I have a buddy to zip it for me it's not a big deal! If I could go back in time and decide if I still wanted to buy this dress or not, I would still purchase it.


The dress was beautiful. I'm 5'3 and I did have to get it hemmed. I had a white party to attend in the Bahamas and I thought this dress would be perfect. 20 minutes before the party, my friends zipped me up. They had a really hard time getting it up over the gathered area. When the finally got it up, I bent over a tiny bit and the zipper popped! I had to call housekeeping to literally sew me into the dress! I was extremely dissapinted at the quality of the zipper. They also had to sew up the cleavage area because it wasn't appropriate for a work event.


You should go up a size.  I returned it because it wasn't the right fit for my body shape but it seemed like good quality.  It has a little bit of a train that I wasn't aware of so take that into consideration when purchasing.


They were sold out for a while in the size I wanted, but I finally saw it become availalbe and got one. The dress fits perfectly if you use the sizing chart in the pictures. I love the feel of the material and thankfully there were no crease marks from packaging. It exceeded expectations, especially for that price. I'll order from them again soon.


I had to put a small safety pin oin the cleavage to keep it from showing my bra but other than that it fit well. With the heels I bought I did not need any tailoring. I am only 5'3" and with my modest heels it fit well. Everyone commented on how flowing and classic the look was.


I"m 5'4", 135lbs, and 34DDD. I bought this dress to potentially use for engagement photos. While I felt I had a lot of support in the chest area, it wasn't as sexy as I was hoping or as flattering anywhere but in my chest. Decided to return, but overall quality was still very good. It would make a great bridesmaid dress!


