i bought two previous dress of this style. Always buy a size small than your average size, if you are full busted then i recommend to either buy some brooches or safety pins. I am 5" 6 and its flows beautifully you might need some heels though.......i love my dresses.... get some gold cord and create a Greek Goddess dress.......


I absolutely love this dress, I used the sizing chart and it fit perfectly and is very well made. Came much earlier than expected too.


I didn't hate it...it is just not long enough. I'm 5'6 and it isn't floor length even barefoot.


It's a very nice dress for the price.  I'm pregnant and just chose a size based on my bra size and it worked.


I was so afraid that this dress wouldn't fit but it does yay and I looked so pretty in this dress. I ordered the light purple and it was the same color as the picture. The only thing I didn't like it came in a purple Ziploc bag so that means I have to get it steamed but other than that very very very happy with my purchase and will order again from Ever Pretty. Oh and my shoulder pins came with it but I really don't think the dress need them.


a bit bigger than expected but overall good. wore it without having to alter so definitely happy with the dress.


Beautiful dress!! I normally wear between a size 6-8 so I ordered and 8 based on the reviews that it runs small and it fit like a glove. I'm 5'1 and the dress was a little long but with 4" heels it fit perfect.  Highly recommend, I returned a $90 gown i bought at Macy's and opted for this instead for a cousin's wedding and I don't regret it at all.


This particular company runs too small so I order size 14 it was way too small need to exchange for a size 16, material was nice and texture of the dress just the size!


Beautiful dress - price does not reflect the quality. I am 5'9 and it rests at my ankle bone. (with heels) I purchased it to wear to a waltz exhibition and was very pleasantly surprised. It is - however - a deep V in the front, back, and under the arms. Certainly requires very special undergarments. Zipper quality leaves a room for improvement but otherwise a fabulous dress.


It fit perfectly except 1/8in in the back had to get that part adjusted, overall was good for the price


