Way too small. Get one size up, it wouldn't zipper at all in the back.


I purchased this dress in white for my wedding down south.  I wanted to have it as an option to slip into something more comfortable after everything is over.  To give you an idea I'm 5"5, 130lbs and the medium fits pretty well, maybe I could of ordered a small but then I would have no room for error at all.


Pros: Hangs very nicely. Size was pretty accurate, even the length was good. Good price.  If you're going down south this is perfect, lightweight material.


Cons: VERY low cut in the front.  If you plan on wearing a bra you'll have to get a specialty one.  The dress is see-through. While I would like to think this is because I ordered it in white, I don't think so.  The material is thin, so even if you're ordering it in black beware.


Bottom line: Because it was only $40 and I didn't see anything I liked anywhere else I'm going to keep it and see if I can sew a slip or anther lining into the dress, which shouldn't be too hard.


Thin fragile material -perfect for what I needed


Beautiful! I want one in every color! You can wear this to a wedding or dress down with flats for a casual evening at the beach. It is Asian sizing so order a size up.


The dress was really pretty and I was hopeful but it was too small and not the right fit at all. I am a size 4-6 regularly, 5'7" and about 140lbs. The straps, v-neck, and empire waist were all too short on top.  The empire sat on top of my chest, not even close to under at all ( I am a smaller D cup)


Bad quality nothing like what you see


Amazing dress I bought this for my mom and it fitted perfectly , the only problem was in the picture it seems to be more colorful than what it actually looks like ,, still great she liked it


Great buy for the price


beautiful color and style just was very loose in the breast area and had to be taken in. not the best style for large busom.


It's pretty and very flowy, but not great for women with Large breasts and small waists.


