I bought the black/floral in a size 10.  I'm 5'7", 140 lbs, and 34 B.  It was much too loose in the bust area (and has no padding or support) and cut very low under the armpits.  It's a very cute fabric and I was sad to have to return it.


incredibly tight over the rib cage, yet too loose in the chest (and I've got more than enough bosom to fill it out with).  The straps were too long, leaving your breasts far too exposed, yet the middle of the dress seemed built for someone much smaller (I ordered a large).


The straps were too long so I had yo have it altered buy it's pretty, very flattering on my figure and nicely made!


I loved this dress.  Ordered it to see if it would work for my son's wedding in December.  I figured since it was close to Christmas red would be nice.  However, I could not even get the zipper up.  I usually can wear a 10 or 12 if the bust area is small.  I ordered a 10. So I'm not sure if a 12 would even work.  I ended up shipping it back because I found another dress more suitable.


I ordered a 10 and a 12 based on recommendations.  I ended up keeping the 10.  I fall in between the two sizes and the 10 was perfect.  The 12 would have worked but just a bit lose. For the price, this is really a lovely summer dress for any special occasion!  Lovely!


The dress was very pretty. The color was just as I thought it would be as well as the fabric. I ordered an XL and it was way too big. If you are going to order it, I would go down a size.  I also didn't see the size chart that is included, follow the size chart and round down rather than up.


Beautiful dress that I purchased a while ago at the last minute for a school event. Fits perfectly and is just the right amount of elegant for every even I've worn it to since (from formal galas, cruise ship captain's dinners, and weddings. )  lost the gold brooches a long time ago but I don;t think they're necessary. I would highly recommend.


I was a bit skeptical about how this dress would look considering the very reasonable price.  It was excellent quality and my daughter was absolutely stunning in this dress!  Because we didn't overspend on the dress, we were able to buy beautiful, fun, sparkly shoes for her to wear with it!  We were both very pleased with the fit, the look of the dress and she got lots of compliments!


Too small


This is a GREAT dress! Beautiful! I am pretty picky about my clothes, and normally would have likely spent more money on a dress like this, but I just needed a "goddess-like" dress to wear for a photo-shoot that I am doing, so didn't want to spend the $. This totally fit the bill, and I would wear to a more formal event, without hesitation. Very glam-looking. I am 5'6, 130 lbs, and have a rather large bust 36DD, so was worried that the dress would not contain "the girls" properly, but it does! I don't require a bra with it either--coverage is good. I don't particularly like the gold/diamond clips for the shoulders, so I opted not to wear. Color is true to photo, and length is perfect for me. Great overall purchase.


