Wore for my wedding. I really liked it.


Not good for a formal setting, but adequate for a nice dinner or night/day out. The stitching and cut is not such a drawback as to be useless or embarrassing to wear. With a great pair of shoes and some nice jewelry, no one will be the wiser.


.the dress was wonderful I truly loved it unfortunately I had to send it back because the wedding that I was wearing it to I'm not able to attend other than that it's a perfect fit is very elegant very lightweight true to size and I'm 52 and it was just perfect thank you for everything and truly enjoy the dress


The dress is very pretty. I ordered it to wear to my company banquet. It was scheduled to delivered on a Sunday, but didn't arrive until Thursday evening; 2 days before the banquet. I am 5'00" tall and wear a size 16. The dress was too tight for me to zip up and was way too long. Even with 4" heels it was too long.


Great dress, needs tailoring but to be expected.


The chiffon is a little cheap but I am not complaining since I bought the dress for $25. I probably would not have kept the dress if I had bought it at full price though. Will be using this as a bridesmaids dress but it is more suited as a date dress.


This dress is soft, comfortable and AMAZING for the price. I was extremely skeptical of the quality and condition of the dress but it is exactly as described and looks stunning. Highly recommend! I will be buying from this seller again


Perfect dress except if your large chested, there is no give, it's snug.... Material great, color wonderful!


I am always a size 4. This was too small (size 4). Returned it. Otherwise it probably is not too bad. The color is nice.


I was not to excited about the material as it is very thin. I went by the size chart and it ended up being too big. My waist is a 34 and I ordered the size indicated. I should of ordered a smaller size. It is very low cut and the boob area is too big. Overall it is ok but I would have held off and ordered somewhere else.


