Cheap in quality but cheap in cost as well


This dress is really pretty and good quality for the price. However it does fit small. I ordered a size larger, than what I normally wear, and it still was to small. It has absolutely no stretch to it. Sad to return it, but need something that will fit.


I followed the sizing guide, and it fits like a glove!  Considering the price, it looks much better than I had any right to expect.  It's ready for the next sudden "occasion" that requires something  a bit more formal than "Sunday best."


I don't like the fit in the waist, but that's just my body type so I can't really get around looking a little like a barrel there.  But, the dress is nice.  Of course I will have to get it hemmed and the wrinkles steamed out, but that's with every gown I get since I'm short.  The dress is a little see through, but as long as you where white undergarments it should be fine.  Great dress for the price.


Perfect for the occasion and it was worth the cost.  I would buy it again


I personally did not like it on me but the quality of the dress was great so I am not going to take off stars for my personal taste.


It amazes me that companies continue to sell products in plus sizes, but don't seem to use plus size measurements. I ordered this dress in a 16. Complete transparency: I need the plus size for my hips, not my bust. I wear a 16 pant, but only have a C cup bra (with push-up). There should be no reason that I order a dress and the bust does not fit. The hip fit just perfectly. I could not zipper the dress over my ribs or breasts. I would warn any plus size women who have normally large breasts for their size to beware. The styling of the front of the dress might also leave you busty ladies at risk for unflattering cleavage separation. Just poor manufacturing. This dress is meant for petite women who can shop off the rack. My seamstress friend advised there is not enough extra material for worthwhile space to be let out.


Beautiful dress! Way to long for the average woman! Had to hem for my daughter. Also tacked the front to keep the girls from popping out. For the price though, well worth it! She looked stunning!


its beautiful but must run small. i suggest size up. i hope it will fits one my bridesmaid.


For the price, it is a very nice dress.


I had very nice customer service when I called, because I was worried that the sizing would be too big. Luckily, the lady told me that they have been told their dresses run a little small.


When I got it, it fit me perfectly. I ordered the 6 and had no issues. The little jewels that go on the shoulders are cute. A nice touch, if you want to make it look more glamorous.


