...to other reviewers.  I ordered this in my regular size of 14.  It is very pretty and flowy, and would have fit well had my breasts been about 4 inches higher than they actually are.  As it was, the cummerbund-style waistband hit the point of my breasts, not my ribcage. The dress would have been ideal for the afternoon wedding for which it was intended, but it does not seem to be designed for not-so-perky bosoms. Back it goes.


The dress was easy to get on and fit as expected.


I like a lot.  Very cute.the size fit perfectly.


perfect , i love it


For 45 dollars this is amazing. I got the blue one size 6, and I'm very happy with it. I'm 5ft 6, and the length is just perfect. It is not exactly the tone of blue I was hoping (it's more purple-based-blue), but it's still pretty. But I think it really-really depends on one's body - it's definitely for women with smaller bust.


The goldish decorations for shoulders are, however, quite ugly. Not going to use them. The cut/design of the dress is simple, but beautiful, so if you want to dress it up, just add a statement-necklace.


Its a beautiful dress but not true to size I wish it were. The zipper is really cheap and made the dress scrunch up around the zipper. I ordered a size up and it fit around the waist but it was not worth tailoring the bust was too large I would have to replace the zipper, just not worth the time. This dress just wasn't meant for me.


I bought a 12 because everyone warned it was on the small size - in truth I probably could have got my own size (10) and it would have been find.  This is a little large for me - but I figured I could work with it.  The dress itself if wonderful, hangs well, and a good quality.  Don't fear if you actually are confident in your size.


Thanks


I am 6 in US clothing, but may be I needed size 8, because I think is to small to me.


I bought the blue dress for my second wedding. The picture looks aqua but it is somewhere between aqua and teal. In sunlight it looks blue and indoors it has a greener tinge. I am a big girl and the style makes you look great and feel even better. If you measure and use their guide, the dress is true to size. It does have a plunge neckline and I thought I would have to have it altered for the wedding but... Victoria  Secrets has a new bra called the U plunge. It has triangle type cups and a deep U for the clevage area. It made the dress PERFECT. Just enough clevage and great lift. The only reason I gave it a 4 was the packaging. It arrived in a soft envelope all wrinkled. I have to have it steamed before wearing. So if you buy it, plan on a few extra days to have it dewrinkled. Have a happy day.


