The color is gorgeous! The dress doesn't feel cheap, it's really very nice. I'm not sure how it would work for tall girls, I'm 5'3" and it's just barely too long while I'm barefoot.


Love this dress


Perfect size 4 fit!!! Needed for a sorority event and it is just perfect!!!


It was the perfect dress, the fitting was perfect, the color is what I wanted.  The only problems I had was the length it was a bit too long but never mine I am a short person, but I rock that dress.  I will must definitely will be back for dresses from you.


This would be PERFECT if it had more length.


I gave only three stars because I've ordered this same dress before; it is a black dress with flowers on it.  The nylon lining hits me at the ankle on that dress, but the lining on this dress stops five inches above my ankle!!  I'm 5'11, which isn't the "average" height, but heck - there are a lot of other tall girls out there!


I'm going to have to get it fixed by adding more lining.  It's not a huge deal because it can be fixed and the chiffon top layer is longer (not long enough, but it will do), but I shouldn't have to do this.  It's much easier to have a dress hemmed up, why not offer longer length or at the very least - just OFFER longer length and charge for it! I'd gladly pay $5 or $10 more for longer length.


Other than the length issue, this fits true to size.  Do not bother with this dress if you have a C or larger cup size.


The color was beautiful but the dress looked cheap.  It was way too big and it had threads hanging from the entiire zipper. I was afraid to put it on for fear it may fall apart.


I was very satisfied with the dress. The dress was affordable and the quality of the dress was good for the price.


Little to large in the top area, ordered my normal size, 12. My bust is 36c, added clips in the back to fix the issue. A slip is needed as well.


Great customer service also


This is exactly what my daughter wanted for prom. It was received quickly and as described. Nice material, very flattering.


I buy this dress for a cousin, I thought the colors would be more intense, but she liked it and the dress is nice, the fit is good.


