I received so many complements on it!!! The only thing that kind of bothers me is that is made in China and I try not to buy stuff from there, but to be honest sometimes you can't avoid it.


For the dress itself, wonderful, fits great, the material is nice and flows gracefully... I wish I can use it more often :)


Dress ran very small


Beautiful color and quality. Wore it to a wedding as a maid of honor. The top was a little to low for my liking so I sewn it up more to my liking.


I got a size 8 I'm 5'9" and the length is ok. The waist fits ok too but the bust is too big. It's more for busty girls. I'm a 34b in braw size. I will make little adjustments however.... I highly recommend though!! Go on the "Ever Pretty" page if ur looking a dress for different occasions. There are many to choose from and they look really pretty!


would not recommend if you are top heavy, one of my bridemaids had to return it and get another type of dress. the breast are pushed together in this dress. not appropriate for a wedding but other ladies it fit well


I ordered larger than what I needed because I wore this for a maternity shoot. Lovely dress and lovely color


It's a beautiful dress! It was long on me (5'3") and also too large in the bust, so I'm returning it. It would work great for others though!


I am 5'4" tall and this dress was the perfect length! It fit perfectly too. All other dresses I tried on we're tight through the rib age and needed to be hemmed a lot. It was a relief to find a dress that fit properly and didn't need to be shortened. I did have to tack on a couple of beads that were loose, but that was easy. Good zipper and well made for the most part. The purple color was spot on with my expectations.


This is a beautiful dress!  I ordered it for my bridal shower, and I might actually be too dressy!  I normally wear a size 12 pants and a large or medium shirt (my top is smaller than my bottom).  A size 12 JUST fit me.  I am returning and ordering a 14 just so I feel comfortable breathing and eating.  But it really is lovely


I'm normally a size 10/12. I ordered a 12 and it was too big. I'm 5'8" and it felt too short to wear with any kind of shoe unless you wore flats and even then it would've been short. wasn't impressed with the quality of the material or the gold pins it comes with.


