Material is flimsy, the stitching is not good quality, the arm holes are so deep that any type of bra worn will show, overall looks very cheap. I was supposed to wear this dress because I am a bridesmaid in a wedding (I didn't choose this dress), however I will not be wearing this dress, I simply cannot do it. I'm returning it for something of better quality. I can't think of anywhere that I would wear this dress.


This dress is comfortable! Very pretty, appears to be made well, washed up fine in the gentle cycle. Somewhere the description said it came with bra cups, but mine did not. No big deal, ended up ordering some to sew in myself. I'm 5'4", 120lbs, and a 34A bra size and the size 4 was good for me; kinda long, I'm wearing 3 inch heels with it and it's just barely above the floor.


This is a lovely shade of dark red, it's flowy, skims the floor with heels. I'm 5 4" and 170lbs. 14 fits perfect and I went a size down since I'm wearing a great corset with it. The deep v is one of my favorite features, i'll have to sew it just since my bra shows but i love this dress. Great for the price.


Amazingly beautiful.  Simply stunning. It fits true to size. I bought the 12 and it fit me perfectly.  Looks super classy and looks like I spend a fortune on it which of course I did not.  I can't imagine anyone being displeased with this purchase. Its that incredible.


I was hesitant to buy a dress online, but after reading the reviews for the whole store I decided to do it. The dress is surprisingly well made for a $25 dress. If I ever need to do this again, I will definitely think of Ever Pretty as my 1st option. I hate buying expensive dresses I can only wear once.


I ordered this dress my normal size and had to return it and order it the next size up. It is very pretty and no one would guess its this cheap! Im 5'5 I weight 155 and im a 34D bra. I mainly had to size up because with my normal size by boobs were too tight in it, the length for me was not an issue with heels.


This dress fits like a glove, I'm 5'5 and 152 lbs and a 34 DD I ordered the medium and it fits perfect. the dress is a bit longer than I wanted but can be worn with heels or sandels either way its looks great!! You will be showing cleavage in this dress, but in a tasteful way.  looks more expensive than it really is. I received a TON of compliments and the dress is very comfortable and very classy. I will be ordering again in different colors!! Thank you Ever Pretty your dresses rock!! I felt like a princess when I wore this dress it flows very pretty!


My 16 year old bought this for a wedding violin concert. She is  narrow sholdered and high/short waisted but has has wider hips and size C bust. This combination makes it difficult to find good fits. The dress is beautiful, is lined and very good quality for the price. She took size 4(XS) and it will require to be taken in around the waist and will need to be shortened a small bit but would recommend this dress highly. She figured the size by using the sizing table provided and it is surprisingly accurate (we were expecting it to be a small bit too large).


Our Goddaughter loved it!


Fit fine but the glitter fell off everywhere and got stuck all over me. The glitter also made it scratchy.


I wore it to an engagement party but ended up changing into a random dress about an hr into the event.


