I love this dress - took engagement photos in it. I usually wear a size 6 - but bought an 8 because i am tall and wanted to make sure i had enough length. The length was great (I am 5'11") but the 8 fit like a glove. So it runs small in size except for the length. So go a size up!


Ordered this dress for my daughter’s JROTC Military Ball. I was a little worried about ordering a gown from Amazon, but the dress site we ordered other options from was taking too long to ship, so we took a chance. I am so glad we did! The dresses all arrived on the same day. Out of the boxes, she picked the Amazon on. Her choice was confirmed once she tried all 9 of them on. The Ever-Pretty gown was stunning on her! Completely impressed with the fit and quality of the gown. She is tall (5”8) but was able to wear 3 1/2 inch heels without a problem. The gown was gorgeous!! Will consider Ever-Pretty gowns for her future events.


Everything about this dress was great, and as-expected! However, unfortunately my bridesmaid did not tell me she is not comfortable with showing her chest. It fit her so perfectly. There are no cups but you could definitely wear a bra- or if you are larger in the chest this seems to hold well and fit well to the chest area (no cups is a benefit in this case) and this looks flattering. Also, the coral was a little more "pink"/vibrant than the product picture and I wanted a more orange coral. I have attached a picture of the coral color (keep in mind all screens display color differently!).


As others have mentioned, this dress is extremely short. I'm 5'5" and it's barely long enough to ear with completely flat shoes.


The quality of the fabric is very low. The lining is some horrible synthetic stretchy knit fabric. The chiffon is also low quality and there are visible stitches along the neckline.


This dress is not good enough quality to wear to anything fancy and the style is too dress to wear to anything not fancy.


Love, love, love this dress! I recently wore this to an elegant beach dinner party and it was perfect. I am a bit busty(and short) but I brought a size ten, I had to alter the length but aside from that it fit all of my curves beautifully. I brought the dress with me to my hairstylist for inspiration and when I tried the dress on all the ladies in the salon wanted the link as they all loved it so much. Couldn't be happier with my purchase and I recommend, espescially for the price, that every woman have this in their closet to pull out for that special occasion. Perfect!


The dress looked lovely in the picture.  The material was nice and the pattern matched the picture.  The size fit in that I could zip it up.  However, the hem line under the bust went straight across my chest instead of under it.  I was very disappointed as I was really looking forward to wearing this to an upcoming wedding.


This dress was pretty, but it was very low cut and the zipper was hard to get up around the waist where the dress gets tighter.


Ship time was much less than I anticipated, it arrived within a couple days. Fits as expected, by which I mean around the waist and in the chest. I'm short so it does need altering at the hem and the sleeves are just slightly too high on me, which was just as I expected. It drapes really nicely; will work wonderfully for my cousin's wedding.


I don't know if I just have a crazy figure, or if it's the dress, I'm a size 6/8 hour glass and this dress looked NOTHING like the model- the V neck went almost to my belly button and left very little to the imagination. If you're looking for shocking cleavage, this is your dress.


This dress is beyond beautiful and was one of the greatest gifts I could've ever stumbled upon. My sister's wedding was 11-14-14, and it seemed as though I'd looked everywhere for a dress. I was the Maid of Honor, and I struggled to find something in the right color that I loved which also flattered me. I checked online, in-store, thrifted, and even Amazon.com.. or at least I thought! With less than a month left until the wedding, I thought to check Amazon one more time. Low and behold... I stumbled upon this beauty, in the right color (around the wine/cranberry family), in my size, and it was Amazon PRIME... which would come in 2 days! Life-saver! The fit was lovely, the bottom flowed beautifully as I walked down the aisle, and the jewels on the shoulder were a perfect touch! The only slight-issue I had was the V-neck cut was a little low for my personal liking and some might have considered it a tad inappropriate for the wedding... but my sister's new soon-to-be mother-in-law sewed it up a bit and voila! I would highly recommend this outstanding dress for any special occasion. I would also like to send a HUGE thank-you to "Ever Pretty"! I found the perfect M.O.H dress for me that I fell in love with, and my sister was more than pleased! She cried tears of joy! We are so grateful...


