I am 6 weeks postpartum and was a size 6/8 prepregancy. I currently weigh 170 and am 5'7". According to the measurements in the photo I ordered a size 16. It was too large. Additionally, the cut of the dressed causes the fabric to puff out under the sewn waist line, drawing attention and adding bulk to the area in was trying to hide. The construction and price were nice but the sullouhette did nothing for me and I returned it.


I have worn this dress twice now and received many compliments.  The bright green color is stunning.


The cut is very low on the front, back, and sides, and I had the dress altered to shorten the straps a bit so I could wear a push up bra with it.  I had to use one of those bands that pulls the bra strap down in the back, and even then it still kept peeking out of the side.  That being said, the dress was very flattering and I felt pretty in it.  The material is a bit cheap, but so is the price.


I like this dress. I thought with me being flat chested, the fit would be weird with a deep V-neck styled dress, but it was not at all! It was a very flattering dress. It did give me a stumpy look because the waist sat higher than I would like, it was almost an empire waist but that could have been because i was having issues with the zipper, so the fit was not as it should be? The zipper was definitely hard to get up when you get to the waist area. I didn't want to snag or rip the dress that i had to get help, and even that person had trouble getting the zipper up.


Had a last minute freak out about my sub ball dress and ended up ordering this one in navy blue. This dress is a dream. It fits perfectly and I’m able to wear a bra under it. I saw that it fit small so I ordered a size up(normally a 14, ordered 16) I don’t know why everyone is saying they don’t have size 16. I’m 5’3 and it’s a little long on me but not too bad. I would definitely order this again in a different color.


I have  to give a 2 but it could been a 5 but I bought this for my daughter  as a bridesmaid, the design is beautiful, the quality is great for the $ ..but we had to return it because the zipper didn't work - fit as expected  my daughter is 5'6  uses size 4  - it looked amazing -- so sad for the zipper ..definite will try again


The design for the dress makes it really difficult for bigger bra sizes to wear - it looks like something is going to pop out.  Plus as another reviewer stated the arm holes are like really large.


I'm 5"9-5"10 and with heels, it was almost at the floor which was awesome. Didn't look like a $25 dress. My only issue is the top half. When you sit the top was a tad big so I had to keep an eye on it. But probably could get it fixed to be tighter so your ladies aren't hanging out


It's a beautiful dress, looks very high quality; I got it as a bridesmaid dress and was very happy with the color. (The bride had asked for burgundy/maroon but NOT wine color, and the deep red passed inspection.) However, if you are a small size, watch out; I got the size 4 as someone who is 5'5, 120 lbs and a 38B cup and it was too long and slightly too big. The underlayer was a fine length but I had to get the chiffon taken up by about 3 inches. It was also too large in the waist, but I have a very small ribcage so it may fit other people well. I wish they sold a size 2, that would fit perfectly on my size and height!


I originally purchased this dress for a maid of honor dress. After reading other reviews,  I was expecting it to be low cut. This dress is very very long and low cut. Overall I would suggest to expect to have to spend an additional  $40-$80 on alterations. I'm 5 foot 7 iinches and tried the dress on with 5 inch heels and the dress still hit the floor.  Thw dress does run a bit small and if you have a larger bust i would not recommend the dress. I did end up returning the dress as I did not feel it was appropriate for a maid of honor and ordered another dress from the same seller.


Bought one of these 5 years ago for my prom, and I just bought one in a different color for a gala. Still a great dress! I'm 5'2", I bought a size 4, and with 3.5 inch heels this just brushes the ground. I will say that my bust is about two inches bigger than what the measurements dictate, but it still fits perfectly! Just about the same quality as you'd get from a similar style dress at David's Bridal, but at a fraction of the cost. I love Ever Pretty's dresses, I have bought many for a myriad of occasions!


