I had to do a few alterations because it was a bit larger than expected. Also I'm 5'4 and it was super long for me, even in heels. All in all, I loved the shape of the dress and I felt pretty in it. And the emerald color is beautiful! In the second picture, you can see how it hung down in the front.


After gaining weight due to a few health complications, it hasn't been easy trying to find the right clothes to wear, let alone dresses. I especially had the worst time trying to find a maxi dress that wasn't too long or too short. I am 5'7 and this dress was just the right length AND it fit just right. I wore it on vacation and got a lot of compliments on it. Really happy with my purchase!


Great dress!  Bought for my bridesmaids dresses.  I am only giving 4 stars because I think that the size chart is a little off.  The dresses we ordered were all too small once we got them, but the quality and color was great for the price.  We will be purchasing agian in larger sizes.


My sister preferred this dress over two other Ever Pretty dresses for my wedding. It's the closest color to fuchsia they had and it reminds me of a Grecian goddess type of dress. The gold clip on jewels add a nice touch to dress it up, and without them the dress would work for a daytime outing after the wedding with a nice sweater.


I gave full stars for this reason. It's super cheap. But the size is a perfect fit. It hides tummy bulge very well. And was very close in color to what I needed for a bridesmaids dress. Those were the qualifications I needed in a dress. The Deep V is a bit too deep however that can be fixed so in all I'm very happy with the dress and will be keeping it and possibility getting another one.


Beautiful dress. We did pay for a few alterations mostly length and a little on top. Cant beat the price.


Let me preface this with $20 dress + free shipping.


Critiques:


1. I ordered a 14 (based on the sizing and recommendations from other buyers) and received a 16. When I tried it on, I immediately noticed that the upper part of the bodice is cut in such a way that it exposes most of your chest --not just in the front, but along the sides. There isn't padding so I don't want to call them "cups", but that is the area that is too small. Now, I AM big busted compared to my waist so I expected that if the cups were too small, the waist would be as well. Nope. Waist was a perfect fit except...


2. the ruching there does not hold at all. It would need to be tacked down.


Neutral FYI (Not criticism per say, but just be aware):


1. This dress is for short people if you want floor-length. I am short (5'5") and most floor length gowns require me to wear at least a 2.5" heel to avoid dragging fabric. This one was an inch above ground in flats. The sizing length is 59-60" for all dresses except the US 4 which is 59". Do not ignore this if you are a tall woman. There is no excess fabric to let down.


2. The rhinestone clips look super-fake and don't lay flat. Be sure to look at the photo. That is what they look like in person (novelty vending machine quality).


3. Stitching on bodice is neat, but very visible despite being a matching thread color. A clear thread might have solved this.


4. This is a completely unstructured garment. It has no real shape until you put it on and the bodice does not offer any support for your breasts.


Pluses:


1. Color is as shown (at least on my monitor). This is a lovely dove grey. I consider this a true neutral and you can accessorize with any accent color.


2. Fabric does not feel cheap although this is a $20 dress. There weren't any snaps or slubs as is often the case with cheap chiffon. It wasn't scratchy or stiff. In fact...


3. The fabric was very soft and draped really well at the hips and below.


So overall, I rated this dress a 3/5. It was only $20 and that leaves a bit on money to invest in better quality rhinestone clips or alterations. I will try to fix the issue with the bodice by having a friend 1) tack down the ruching and 2) add black lace to the sides and neckline.


The fit is perfect for me! I am 5'2" and have a D cup. The zip is a little tough because I also have a larger rib cage and the waist is high. It's a beautiful material on the outside. The liner is inexpensive, but does the job and assists with the incredible price for this gorgeous gown. I'd you want to look like a Grecian Goddess, buy it!! Why not for that price?! I would never have guessed that I coups get a dress that looks this fantastic for this price.


Unfortunately, as has been reported, I had the wrong dress sent to me (not the one pictured) and had to return this one (2 out of 3 were great, though!). The green color is stunning, I just personally did not care for the single shoulder version I received.


The size 8 fit my daughter who is a size 4 but was too large in bust area, she is 5'8. The size 12 fit my daughter who is a size 8 and busty. We had to alter the straps for tightness and the skirt was too long for her 5'6 frame. Great material, cut and price!


