The item that was delivered is completely different from the picture. This applies to the color and style. I will be returning this dress. The dress was smaller than expected as well.


great dress for a steal of a price. i ordered several sizes and sent the others back. do know that if you are in a time crunch and oder multiple sizes, they may not all make it in time for your event. seems strange, but mine all came at different times.


The dress fit as expected and I was super excited about it, however, the zip was poor quality and wouldn't zip smoothly.  Unfortunately had to return and the event was too soon to order another dress.


I love this dress!! I'm getting married next year and I got this drees for "my save the date" photos.


The quality of the dress is good but the design is not flattering to my figure. For reference I'm 5'4" and about 140 pounds with C cups. The dress is the perfect length for me in low 2" heels so it might run short on taller women.


Fits as expected and quick delivery, but I ultimately returned it since it didn't look good on me.


This dress is incredible.  Great quality and gorgeous, unfortunately it didn't fit me well as I am shorter w/ a short torso.  It would probably be worth it even if you had it tailored but I didn't have time.


I wanted this dress for my bridesmaids.... we ordered a size 16 and they sent us all a size 14 if your paying money for something you should get the size you need they also run way to small it is not okay to send something that you did not order and have to pay for it. If I could I would give this no star or order it on time since they can't get their sizes right it is alright material but the disadvantage of them telling you their is a 16 when they don't have none


UPDATE: 2 years later.


The dress wore wonderfully for the 12 hour it was worn on my wedding day. No runs, stray strings, or odd flashback occurred. Since my wedding in November 2013 I have worn the dress to various costume parties and it is still in great condition with no tears or weird aging marks.


This is exactly the type of dress I was looking for to fit my relaxed fall wedding.  I've been sewing for 15 years and I hate working with flowing material, like chiffon. I also know that it's now worth hundreds of dollars. So this was perfect.


With that being said you MUST measure yourself, either with a measuring tape or a piece of string (and then measuring the piece of string with a ruler). Dresses like these are made from patterns, which most store clothing is not. I measured myself and came out as a solid size U.S 8, my mom didn't believe I was that small so I caved and went up to a size U.S 10. It's a tad too big, I can easily fix that though.  I bought it in white so it is a tad sheer but I assumed it would be. After my wedding in November I will update this review.


The color is very lovely, I'm 6'1 so it has good length! The middle part was too bunchy.


Great dress. I purchased for a wedding I am in. I noticed that the material is a bit on the thin side and wore a slip skirt under and thank god I did. In the sunlight it was almost see through. Other than that it was a great fit pretty true to size and great for busty girls. I ordered a size up thinking my 34G boobs we're going to overflow but nope it actually has too much material. I kept it anyways and just took it in here and there. Would totally buy from this company again.


