I bought this dress for a one-time Mother's Day photo shoot with my two daughters.  For 29.99, this dress is a good deal!  The fabric and cut of the dress is great for the price.  I expected so much less but the dress exceeded my expectations.


I bought this dress a few sizes up from my normal size to wear to a military while being 33 weeks pregnant. It was flattering and worked well as a maternity dress-- again I went 3 sizes up from what I wear!! It was good quality for the price.


The dress is the color shown which was nice. It fits tightly on the chest/boobs. Can't wear a bra with it. Flowy from the chest down and roomy. My pregnant bridesmaid could have worn it. My friend with big boobs had to order up and we're sewing it to fit her every where else and my sister with smaller boobs still complained that the chest was tight. Should order your size because it is true to size for the most part unless you have big boobs, just expect it to be tight in the chest.


It is pretty.  I am not 100 % sure of the quality will have to see how it wears.  Bought it ahead of time for daughters prom. Excellent price too.


I got the smallest size available (4) and I'm 5'4, 32a, 95lb so it was a little big, but it's a good quality dress that wouldn't be too difficult to hem


Really like it, the bust area is pretty small. I amd 5'8" 175lbs and ordered a size 12 and have 36DD and I definitely need more coverage for the ladies. I am ordering a new dress a size up to see if it does the trick.


Buy 2 sizes up! But on mine the flower pattern didn't line up well and it just didn't work for me. Thankfully returns with Ever Pretty are super easy and seamless!!


I was between sizes on the size chart so I ordered up, planning to pin it if it was too large and I wish I would have ordered down. It worked well pinned but I'll have to have it altered for future use. I didn't notice any problems in the chest area and the length just skimmed my feet. I'm 5'9 so that might be an issue for some shorter ladies. Overall, great dress!


Measurements were wrong, tried to return but they wanted me to pay and have it returned then they would refund. So I kept it and cut it up and will use it for scrap pieces


This was a very pretty dress. The picture does not do it justice.  I bought it because I had a fancy work event. The dress was comfortable and stylish. The flowers we so pretty, I cant say enough good things about it,


