I ordered a similar dress from this company that was to small.  I ordered a size larger in this style.  It fits ok but not spectacular.  The hips fit ok but the top is too big.  I'm busty and can't fill the top out in this dress.


For the price this dress was phenomenal!


Very good dress and worth the money! The green is a dark rich green. I'm using it for a wedding and it's worth it. I ordered the 10 and it was extremely long and I'm 5'7 and had on 3/4 heels and it still was floor length. The breast area is a little small if you're busty but being that I'm flat chested it was a tad big lol. All and all AWESOME DRESS


Ok material, kind of an odd mesh.  Slightly too large, not enough to go down a size though.


The dress is good overall.  There is, however, a slight problem with the zipper at the point of the top of the ruching under the bust.  The zipper curls out and makes it difficult to zip it all the way up.  I had to turn the dress around on my body to finish zipping it and I almost needed another person.  However, once it was zipped, it was easy to turn the dress back around and then put the sleeves on.  It fit well and I could move around easily.  The material is slightly delicate, but as I will not be wearing this dress very often, I don't mind that.  It looks quite nice.


I was very disappointed in this dress. I bought it to wear to a wedding and was unhappy with the fit. I have come to the conclusion "trying on" is far more satisfactory than buying "on line." The fabric is filmsy; and, while it looks rich; it is not. The quality and workmanship is not good. I would not purchase again from this company as the picture is deceptive to the product.


I RARELY write reviews but really wanted to for this dress.  First, I just want to comment about the transaction itself.  While I ended up returning the dress, I was very impressed with both the delivery and return processes.  Quick, easy, and painless. I would 1000% buy from this seller again.


Now, on to the dress.  I read the other reviews and was just minimally concerned by those who said the chest area was tight, as I planned to wear the dress with a minimizer.  When I received the dress, it did fit completely true to size in my normal size 6 for the rest of my body. But by the chest...if you are anything larger than I would say a C cup, it is going to be uncomfortably tight for you up there.  There is literally just not enough fabric.  If you don't care and are going for the super tight look then you'll be fine.  If however you want the dress to look how it does on the model (i.e. elegant and understated), then don't even bother ordering it.


The quality of the dress seemed fine to me and was definitely not see through in the black.  I would have kept it if it hadn't been so tight by my chest.


the chest area was too small.


Very pretty. Lovely fabric, Gorgeous cobalt blue well made but WAY too big. Order a size down.


Fit did not feel right, for me it was a bit large in the bust area...


