This makes a gorgeous - and inexpensive - bridesmaid dress. It runs about a little too small, but if you go up one size it'll be perfect! (Ex, I'm a street size six so I adored an eight.) I love the material and the color, and I'm excited to wear it for my friend's wedding!


It's a beautiful dress and the fit was right but I ordered yellow and the color was more orange in person than I expected from the pictures. I had to return it because it didn't match with the other bridesmaid's light yellow dresses.


This dress is very nice! I followed the sizing chart and its fits perfectly. It can easily be a formal dress. I also purchase on with a pattern and that can be viewed more casually.


Very happy with this product! I am 5'8"and it is very had to find anything at a good length. I am happy to report it's a perfect length!


Ordered my normal size and this thing was huge.  Way to long and the top part was cut too deep, and I'm a larger chest size.  Had to return.  Otherwise - it was a beautiful dress!


Too big ; chart size is not helpfull in order to decide which size. Im usually size 8 , but base on the chart size I bough a size 14! I had to buy another dress because this one didnt work.


My daughter will be wearing this dress to her prom.  She decided to not use the shoulder brooches because she thought they looked "too old"  I did have to hem the front of the dress about 1 inch.  The back was fine with 1 inch heels.  My daughter is 5'3".  Also, I will have to use a clothes steamer to get the wrinkles out.  Overall I am very pleased with this dress and the money it saved us.


This is for one of the bridesmaid at a wedding and the dress looked beautiful on her. The dress fit as expected and did hang too low in the front. She was very comfortable and we were very satisfied with the material of the dress. I will definitely look to this seller in the future.


I love it. I read the reviews and they are accurate. Very pretty dress


Not what i expected. Had to return


