I absolutely love the color of this dress!  Based on a particular review I ordered larger afraid that the bust would be too small since I am too blessed in that area.  My normal size is a 12 but in dresses you never know what to expect so I actually ordered a 16. It ends up the dress in general was a little too big.  You will definitely need a steamer to take the wrinkles out due to the way it's packed in combination with the material.


I will be purchasing the dress (since it doesn't just allow you to exchange) in a 14.


I go to many black tie functions and I have to say for the price you can't beat it!  I would also HIGHLY recommend this dress as a great option for bridesmaids!  It comes in many colors and definitley looks like something you could've purchase at a boutique bridal store only 75% cheaper!


Lovely dress for a summer evening event, however the zipper sticks and is clearly poor quality. Have a partner help you wiggle the zipper up or you will break it.


The length was too long (I am about 5 foot, 4 inches) and I had to put some fabric too cover up in the bust area. You will need to wear a bra with the dress, there is NO SUPPORT.


It's beautiful. It reminded my friend of Belle's beauty and the beast dress. I put a black cover-up shawl and it looks perfect!


I needed (read: wanted) a new dress for the last opera of the season. This dress is far sexier and more elegant than expected for the price. It's also gloriously comfy, and I'm glad I took my boyfriend suggestion regarding the color. It is not as dark green as we expected, but I received multiple compliments from strangers about the dress, particularly the color. I am 5'3" and usually need to hem dresses of this length, but I wore it comfortably with 3" heels on a rainy Seattle Saturday evening. However, it seems less expensively made than it looks, so I'm not sure how well it will last, and I found that the included brooches were pretty but lent nothing to the dress. Still, a good purchase and a great emergency gown. I may purchase in other colors.


Nice dress just wish the length was a bit shorter some people are short should have shorter length for people who are 5ft.


I love this dress.  It's a beautiful, classy looking dress.  It shows just the right amount of skin for it to be sexy but still appropriate for a formal event like a corporate party or a wedding.  Best of all, it's comfortable!  The fabric is soft and does not wrinkle easily.  What more can you ask for from a dress?


Amazon also made it easy to return, as I bought two different sizes to see which one fits better.  It is pretty much true to size for me.  I did have it tailored slightly for a better fit, but everyone's body is different so this is not a reflection of poor quality on the dress part.


All in all, this dress is highly recommended, for its looks, quality, price and service.  I will definitely shop Ever Pretty again for my next formal dress!


The color of the dress in sapphire is just beautiful and it is elegant with the chiffon fabric and the crystal shoulder clips.  However, the size is off in my case. Yes, I did use the correct sizing chart.  The bodice is large and would've needed alterations and the side zipper was difficult (or defective) to pull up. So, I didn't try forcing it.....just returned the dress and purchased one with no zipper.


This dress was perfect for my bridesmaids. The color was great and the fit was perfect for all my girls as they are all different shapes. I was so happy with this dress.


was a little small in the chest for me


it is a beautiful dress, but large busted girls, beware!


