I got married in this beautiful dress! It's so soft :) and fit just as expected. It arrived very fast, and the quality is amazing! The sizing was accurate, and I had NO issues what so ever with it. It made me feel stunning on my big day, I would definitely recommend it, and I would absolutely but it again!!


I wore it for my baby shower, I was worried it won't fit but it fit me perfectly! I got a lot of compliments and the price is great. The color is a little darker than pictured I would say, still bright and beautiful. It is pretty long but I'm tall enough I didn't have to alter it.


This is a pretty dress, but the bottom was a bit like a bag on me even with my wide hips. The top is low plunge, sexy. I wanted something to show off my hourglass shape a bit more, so ordered another style by Ever Pretty which is exactly what I had in mind.  Both dresses have nice flowing chiffon fabric and feel nice on.  The fit was just as I needed. Mostly needs to fit the upper body. Size 12 fit me at 38C.


The dress is gorgeous! It fits a little tight and I believe that is because the dress is very true to size. If you want a little room go up one size. However I am busty, so the top part is a little tight on me. However the rest of the dress fits great everywhere else. It is gorgeous!!!!


Absolutely beautiful! Fits perfectly, is made well, and is very comfortable. I received several compliments on this dress. The price is an absolute steal. Whenever I need an evening dress, again, I will look for this brand / seller.


Just like all the other reviews...amazing that you can buy something that should be sold at David's Bridal for $85, but you can find on amazon for $45!  I love it.  The straps are a little wide which was my only problem, so I have to tie a string to keep them together.


This is a lovely dress from Every Pretty. But it does seem to run just a tad large, I'm taking it to have a few alterations (straps and hem). I'm 5'6" 130lbs and not very chesty. I followed the sizing chart and bought a size (US) 6. It's also quite long, either have it hemmed or plan on wearing +4 inch heels if you're about my height.


I love the vivid colors, it really does appear as pictured (deep v neck included!). The material is soft and flows beautifully. A very comfortable dress overall. It's a bit hard to find a bra that won't show as the sides are also cut in a moderate v shape. Just some things to keep in mind.


I am 5'8" and about 120 lbs. I ordered a size 4 in purple. I can usually wear a size 2 or 4. The material was really nice for the price and has a good feel. Unfortunately the dress was very large in the top and also was very long. It was too long when wearing heels. I had to return it. Might work for someone much taller? Otherwise you should plan on getting the dress hemmed.


I wasn't sure what to expect from a mail order bridesmaid dress, but it turned out to be a excellent value. The color is a rich deep plum and matches all of the other purple dresses in the Ever Pretty line. My middle daughter is wearing this at her sister's wedding and the remaining bridesmaids are wearing the similar Ever Pretty Double V-Neck Ruched Waist Ladies Long Evening Dress 08110. Once the wedding takes place I will try to upload a picture.


For the price I am very impressed & more than satisfied. It is just as well made & beautiful as a dress 10X the price.


If you're curvy order by your bust size. I usually wear a medium & the 10 fit like a glove.


1 note it does plunge way down in the front. I stitched it up about 1 1/2" since I'm a bit on the prudish side. You will need either an adhesive bra or nipple covers since a bra is out of the question & it doesn't have cups built in. Love it!!!


