outfit was falling off my shoulders, waistline too big. length was appropriate but the dress just felt bulky. could not wear to the gala.


It is a very pretty dress. The fabric is good quality for the price of the dress. The length is perfect, even though I am a small person. But chest I dress is very large, are bags instead of breasts. I need to make arrangements.


If you have boobs, this will not fit you.


I was very disapoointed in this dress. Fabrris is very filmsy. The color was supposed to be cream, but was actually white. The picture of the dress  was much more impressive than the dress it self.The price was inexpensive and the dress looked like the price.


I do not recommend this dress.


Doris L


Way to small in the bust for the rest of the dress. No way to alter to make it fit properly


This dress is just beautiful. It fits true to size. It flows well. You can wear it with or without the pins. I'm 5'5 and it's not too long the length is perfect. I wore it with a 3" heel. It wears nice with a strapless bra and it doesn't show too much. I love this dress.


this dress is beautiful. i got in green and the color was just perfect. i wore it to a wedding and recieved a lot of compliments. i'm 5'3 and the length was just right. the v-neck isn't too deep so you're not falling out of the dress. it's definitely true to size. the brooch for the sleeves just adds an extra elegance and style to the dress.


Very disappointed. Ordered 2 sizes larger(2X) than I wear (16) & it fit like


I got this dress for back to back weddings next month, one in rural VA, one in Atlanta. It's going to be a little bit dressy for the country wedding, but I think it can be dressed down with some sparkly gladiator sandals and a sweater or wrap.


This dress is SO. BEAUTIFUL. I ordered a US 16, which is my normal size, and it fit 100% perfectly. I'm pretty long waisted, and the waist on this hits in just the right spot to not look Empire. It's not technically ruched--when it's on the hanger, the "waistband" is just loose floppy material with no gathers, but once you put it on it lays properly to give the ruching effect. Also, this is a deep v in the front and the back, so a special bra is definitely going to be required.


The lining is stretchy, which is great, and the outside is a really beautiful floral chiffon. It really looks just like the picture, and doesn't look cheap at all. It's such a beautiful dress, and its so flowy but still really flattering. It doesn't even need a ton of accessories, maybe a crystal bracelet and some drop earrings. It's going to be such fun to wear, and I can't wait!


Disliked


