The dress is well worth the price, however it is not for tall ladies. I'm 5"8 and with heels the dress is high on me. Without heels it right at the top of my feet. I'm probably going to send it back, but if I keep it, I'll just wear it with sandals on a casual day.


to tight in the back - size is not true to us sizes.


Nicer than expected! I got this for a black tie party and for the price I took the risk of buying it even if I didn't like it or didn't fit... But it was a very pelasant surprise. It fitted perfect and looks like a more expensive dress!


For reference: I am 5'7", 140 lbs, with a 36B bra size.I purchased this dress and another Ever Pretty brand dress in a 10 after taking my measurements and ordering based on Ever Pretty's size chart. It was far too large. So, I went ahead and ordered it in an 8. I didn't have time to do an exchange because the wedding that I am wearing it to as a bridesmaid is quickly approaching. I did receive a size 8 blush colored dress, but it was not this dress and it was still too big in the bust. It fit relatively well everywhere else and both dresses were long enough to wear heels comfortably, they touched the floor when barefoot. I ended up going with a dress from another website because I don't have the time to wait and see if they get it right the next time and the size 6 was not prime. The material was thin, but with the Shadowline maxi slip


 and skin colored underwear, it was okay.


So, for the price, I recommend this brand only if you have plenty of time before the event just in case it is completely wrong.


ok


The most defective piece of clothing I have ever seen.  Unwearable and unfixable.  The right does not match the left in terms of coverage and amount of material.  I'm hesitant to order anything else from this company.


I ordered a size smaller then what I would have becasue someoe commented that it runs big and that fit perfectly.  It is a very elegant looking dress on!


This dress far exceeded my expectation.  The quality of the fabric is very nice.  I had the garment professionally pressed and it was beautiful.  The fit was true to size.  Great value!


This dress is exactly what we were looking for. I was skeptical because of the price, but it turned out even better than I thought it would be. The fabric is good quality and for the price, I was pleasantly surprised. Shipping was very fast and it was during Christmas. True to size. I ordered a 14 and that's what I got. Remember British 14 is American 16. I will be buying many more from this seller.


This item was returned.


