I ordered this item for a summer wedding. Very nice dress. It was perfect. Well made. Arrived quickly and well packaged. My daughter wore this dress as a bridesmaid. All she needed was a little jewelry. She received many compliments.  I will order again from this Seller.


Dress actually had animal hair in the material like it was stored at a home with a dog or cat. Returned as fast as I could.  Two stars was given bc return was quick and painless... Dress itself was no stars.


I had to return this dress because I needed it for a wedding and it was too open in the front and the sides to even wear a bra with it. The dress fitted perfectly and the color was amazing, so if you're not big breasted or do not need more coverage, I recommend you get it.


Very beautiful dress. But beware if you have large breasts, they will be falling out of this thing! You'd think that ordering a larger size, they would make the breast area larger. I had massive cleavage for a wedding I attended. But overall the dress is gorgeous and does not look like cheap quality at all.


Great dress. Bought a size 14 and it fit as expected.


nice dress, decent quality. runs a bit large.


I just unpacked my dress and for now i have to say that i like it. I thought it would be a bit longer, i am 5'8 and it's about an inch and a half short but its alright, it's the perfect excuse now to buy a new pair of shoes to go with it! The material is nice, the vneck is just jawdropping (another good excuse to buy a good push up bra :P) and the good thing about it being black it's that you can match it with everything!!! It has a nice flow and i love how the skirt moves when i turn. I have seen many Every Pretty dresses and if i am going to be satisfied with them as i am with this one, i think i have just found my new dress bff.


Lovely gown for an exceptional evening at a wedding or party.


The dress is flowy and does fit true to size. I am 5'8", 160lbs and bought xl. The top straps are kind of loose fitting so I may have the top altered for a more secure fit.


I bought this dress for a wedding and was glad I did. I love the light feel and flow of this dress, it truly is a gorgeous dress, a little too long for me but I got it hemmed and it was fine.  Thank you Ever Pretty for this gorgeous dress


