I had a love hate relationship with this dress, the length is REALLY long, needed to be hemmed, (I'm 5'4). The v neck goes extremely low the extra fabric in the back zipper made it very difficult to zip.  I was able to make alterations and felt beautiful in it, and for the price I was ok with that, but it was not ready to wear out of box.


It felt nicely made, and the quality of the fabric seemed okay too.


But it was too small in the chest area, even though I'm quite small there and even with sizing up.


I'd recommend sizing up two sizes!


I have had this dress fora  year and I love it every chance I get to wear it. It is a little long, but doesn't bother me. Dresses up with heals and jewelry and down with sandals and hair down.


Know your measurements. Hidden zippers are notorious for sticking and if you order small it will fail. This is well made for the price and fit according to the measurements. Beautifully colored and will be perfect for Glinda the Good.


I honestly didn't have much hope for this dress as I have pretty bad luck ordering clothes online. I ordered tbe black print with flowers. It's really pretty, and fits a lot better than I thought it would. I am 5'5 and weigh 185. I hold most of my weight in breast, butt, and some tummy. It's very figure flattering and hangs on the body just right. I usually drown in these types of dresses and look heavier. This is a great fit.


This ran a little large.  I'm a curvy woman, but I'm also very short - so this dress was very long on me (typically a size 10-12, ordered a 14 - I'm 5'4").  I think if I was able to wear heels, the length would have been okay.  The quality is decent for what you pay for this dress!  I bought for a formal event  and will definitely wear again.


I bought this dress for my senior prom because I didn't feel like spending a fortune on something I'll only wear once. I was skeptical, however, about ordering a dress like this online, and for such a good price. When I got it in the mail and put it on, I was pleasantly surprised. There really is no difference between the quality of this dress and the quality of a dress you'd find at David's Bridal for $150. So seriously, why spend more than you have to?


I gave this 4/5 stars because it was too big on me. I'm very petite (about 5'2", 105 lbs), and the waist is a bit too loose and the length of the dress is very long. The bust fits perfectly fine, so getting it tailored is going to be pretty simple.


All in all, this is a great buy. The dark green color is magical!


Be aware that the neckline is very low. It doesn't bother me, but if you're looking for something to cover you, this probably won't do.


Pretty fabric and color (I got the deep purple), but the straps/bodice on the dress are WAY too short. I'm 5'3" and even if I was flat chested, I wouldn't be able to wear this. I can't imagine anyone having a torso that short. Other than the straps, the dress was sized perfectly at a 6, nice length for heels. The bodice is maybe 8 inches at most. The waist was halfway up my boobs. I was really pleased taking this out of the package, but the bodice was made for a small child.


Good dress, good quality but too short. I ordered the us size 10


I have another Ever Pretty (strapless) dress that looks amazing and was a great buy for the price.  I wish I could say the same for this one.  The issue is that the waist is in a weird place, to low/wide to be an empire waist (and the straps are too long for that as well) and to high to be at natural waist.  Also find the upper part of the dress loose.  Unclear is a seamstess can fix to fit my body better... too bad, really could have been fabulous.


