It was too big for me and it was even cheaper quality than expected, all things considered.  I returned it and bought a better dress.


Okay, so let me just tell you guys how amazing this dress was:


I needed a dress last minute for a New Year's Eve party and the dress I thought I would be wearing ended up not working out (long, tedious story I won't bore you with; you want reviews, not the tale of my failure) so I frantically searched on amazon for something that would work out. (I had a gift card and I was gonna use it!)


Finding Ever Pretty was a godsend! Their dresses are gorgeous and very attractively priced. After picking out this lovely number it was shipped on time as promised and I was able to wear it to my party.


When it arrived I wasn't sure what to expect and could only hope that it would fit. Not only did it fit, but it made my cleavage look AMAZING!!! Most of my girlfriends where wearing these short little cocktail dresses that showed off a lot of leg but I made up for covered gams with my fabulous decolletage!! I was even able to wear my bra! MY REGULAR BRA!! Not one of those weird, nude, pieces of silicone that you have to mangle your boob into and stick to the side of your ribcage. It was AWESOME!!!!!


I did get the burgundy and it turned out to be crimson but I ended up liking it more and I was totally "The Woman in the Red Dress". It was HAWWWT!!! The cut was also super flattering and hid the bit of love handles (they are not lovely at all) that I had accumulated over Christmas (though I'm sure the control top pantyhose helped too.) The length was perfect with heels, too; just long enough that it was slightly floor sweeping and when I went up stairs I had to hold my flowing shirts up like a princess!


Overall I would say you should buy this dress. All of my girlfriends last night were klassy with a "k". I was Classy with an uppercase "C".


lemon out.


While this dress is beautiful and much higher quality than I expected, it came with a broken zipper. I reached out to the seller and they were initially very helpful, however they have since stopped responding to my emails. I planned on just returning the item and overnighting a new dress to myself because I truly love it, however they were out of my size. The seller indicated they would help, but now I have a broken dress and a formal event in just two days and I'm SOL. Great quality for the price, but too risky to purchase from this seller again!


I was very worried about ordering a formal dress online but it turned out great.  I am 5'7 and normally a size 8 - I followed the size chart and it fit perfect, if not a little larger.  Not large enough for a smaller size but if you are on the fence for sizing its almost true to size except with a little wiggle room. It was also delivered in three days!!! Amazing!  Great price, beautiful dress, and fast shipping - can't ask for anything more!  I was so impressed I ordered another style dress from this company- we'll see how that one works out.


Great quality, beautiful dress, fit perfect!


Hideous dress. Needs altered.


Returned this. The pleating in the front of the empire waist was more exaggerated than in the picture and just made this look like a maternity dress, almost. The neckline is also REALLY deep...if I bent over at all everything was exposed! I guess I could see it being good for top heavy women that want to hide a stomach while showing off large breasts. Color was beautiful, though!


Very pretty, flattering waist, and amazing quality for the price (under $30 at the time I purchased) but the combination of an extremely low neckline and no built-in cups was going to be a challenge so I returned.


Love this dress.  It was perfect for a formal.  I bought a size 6 and a size 8, they both fit but I ended up wearing the size 6 and returning the 8.  I am 5'5" and the 6 was the perfect length with small heal.


It was way to  long for my short self


