We used Ever Pretty dresses for my bridesmaids at our wedding. These are amazing gowns!! Two ladies chose this particular style and it fit them both like a dream (one has a larger bust and the other is average). The best thing about this dress, besides the amazing quality and price, is the length! All my bridesmaids are at least 6 foot with heels and the dresses were the perfect length. I can not reccomend Ever Pretty enough!!!


I’m actually returning it, but I wanted to answer some of the questions I had in mind when I ordered it: this dress is in a burgundy shade just like the pictures (even though they call it red). I’m 5’7” and it was still plenty long even with 3” heels. The fit was great. I ordered an 8. You will need to steam the wrinkles, it arrived very wrinkled. If you have very petite women in your wedding party, they will be swimming in this dress, it only goes as small as a 4 (which is why we can’t use it for the wedding). Unfortunately they don’t carry 0/2 in this brand that I’ve seen. ALSO, I tried this dress on with a bra and the bra didn’t show anywhere. Hope this helps!


When leaving a review,  it is helpful to share height, weight, normal clothes size and what size you ordered of the item. Thx to the few others that did that. I was looking for colors that matched popular bridal stores, and found it. I am 5'9 and 175lbs. I fit women's 12/14 in US stores. I bought this on amazon in their size 16. Fit fine, could have got the 14. I am 36 D, the cup and straps on the dress is gathered, loose and flexible. It is a deep neck plunge, you see the bra a bit in my pic, but easily fixed. Yes, it needs to be heavily steamed, it is long and flowing, could use another layer of slip to make it more substantial, but very good for the price. It comes with 2 pretty rhinestone pins to use on dress. I would order again.


Love the dress, I did as many other reviews advised and got a bigger size, I'm 5'8 1/2 137lbs and I got a size 8 and it was a perfect fit!! Might buy another but in a different color soon!!


Lovely dress, lovely material.


It's loose around the bust


I'm 5-2 , I wear a 32-b bra (size small shirt)


And a size 4-6 in pants


I ordered the dress in a size 6


Fits well around the waist and bottom, it's very long but it can be hemmed


After being fed up with pricing for prom dresses, I took a leap of faith and bought this product. Boy did it pay off! The dress is incredibly well made and was perfect for dancing!


I was sceptical because of the price, but I needed a dress for my companies Christmas party and I was having a hard time finding something in department stores. I found this dress and ordered it in dark red. Fit was true to size, it was low cut and I had to tape the chest, but I received so many compliments.  I am 5'7 the length was long but not a big deal if you wear heels, I didn't trip over the dress in flip flops.


It's a gorgeous dress! I bought this dress for a dance routine because it was cheap and I wanted a gray dress. I am 5'3" and ordered a size 4. It fit perfectly all around.


Reasons for 4 stars:


-Very deep plunge in front and back. I have a larger bust and can't wear a bra under this because it shows in the back and on the sides. Surprisingly not in the front.


-Dress has no padding in bust. Nipples will show through if you go braless.


-I had to get 14 inches taken off the dress because I needed it above my ankle. It's now hits about an inch above my ankle which is perfect.


If I remember to add a picture later, I will.


This dress is so beautiful and it fit perfectly!  The quality is amazing, no alterations were required and the fabric actually feels very expensive.  I bought this for my friend's wedding, it's a great dress for an awesome price!  I would even buy another in a different color.


