This dress was absolutely gorgeous. Honestly, for the price, I wasn't expecting very much but the material, craftsmanship and quality are top-notch. The dress fit perfectly and is true to size. This dress is very elegant and classy and can be used as a wedding dress, special event or more. Plus, it's the type of dress that would work well with a variety of body types.


Crazy how nice this dress is for the $$. I bought the navy blue and it looks just as good as many of the other $200 dresses I have been trying. Seriously. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is the zipper doesn't work very well and I'm not sure how many zips it will survive, and the material of the lining is just a bit scratchy. Neither would be a deal beaker. Don't know if this will be my final choice for this function but I am certainly keeping it for another. Oh and it's machine washable!


This dress is so gorgeous!  I bought it to wear to a wedding. It is a bit too small as I am broader on top, but that is honestly due to my own error. I didnt have a measuring tape so I just guessed by my typical size and wasn't quite right. The length is a bit much for my 5'5" self, but that is an easy fix. It is beautifully made though and I will be keeping it as a "goal dress". Thankfully I ordered a back-up dress with some stretch too it to account for error.


Size was as expected, however, I am a 34G and the top does not fit them all in. You'll be good to go if yours are fake. In fact, this dress will be flattering on fake boobs. The dress is exactly as pictured and didn't seem cheap at all. Definitely worth the money. Wish I could've worn it.


The dress is exactly what I expected for the price; cheaply made and simple design. However, it is a perfect bridesmaid dress - I can dress it up for the occasion, and I didn't have to spend too much money on it. I'm 5'4" and 115 lbs, and the size 2 fit as expected. It's exactly what I needed at a great price.


Be prepared for the dress to be wrinkled, however, a quick steaming does the trick!


Loved the dress so much! The fit was exactly what I expected. It was extremely long; so to someone under 5’7, I’d assume alterations should follow the purchase. Also, the breast area is really exposed. If you’re sensitive about showing your cleavage, plan to also have that altered/covered.


This was so terrible. The dress was absolutely gorgeous and I was thrilled. I needed a gown, and fast, for a competition and it CLEARLY FIT ME. I fit the measurements listed and in trying it on we could clearly fit the dress on me. Unfortunately, the shotty craftsmanship in the waist area makes it IMPOSSIBLE TO ZIP. Don't skimp on buying gowns. Now I'm screwed because I trusted this seller. Hopefully I can get my money back, because this is BULL.


Nice chiffon dress.  Too long, and runs small.  I'm 16/18/XL and 5' 5".  Nice color.  True to color.  Returning.


This dress is really pretty, especially for the price and I do like the material. I ordered the navy blue, and the color was exactly how it was pictured. It is very snug around the ribs, and kind of loose around the bust area though.  Similar to other reviews... It's VERY low cut. I knew this going in and sewed it a bit, which also helped the fit on top (AND this let me wear a bra with it). Also similar to other reviews, the zipper sucks. It's hard to zip up or down around the middle and it buckles as well. But I had very little time to find a dress for a special event this weekend, so it'll do. Overall, it's not bad for $25.


I bought this dress to wear to a military ball and I love it! I normally wear a size 2. I am 5'8" and about 125 lbs. I bought the 4 and it fits perfectly (although a little short). It had some wrinkles when it came and an odd smell but I steamed it in the dryer no problem. This can be worn for many different occasions and you can't beat the price!


