I bought this dress in a pinch for my sisters wedding. After having my maid of honor dress for months, she decided she no longer liked them and wanted everyone in the party to have different long black dresses... A week before the wedding. So I came here praying this would work and surprisingly, it did. The dress is very long even with 4 inch heels (I am 5'6'') it still barely cleared the ground and the top was very low cut (especially when sitting) but all in all it was a beautiful dress and my sister loved it. I love the way it flowed when I walked down the aisle and I got so many wonderful comments!  I bought my typical size and it fit just fine. With a few alterations this dress is an amazing buy! Thanks for helping me out!


Bought this for my daughter. She wore it to prom and looked like a princess! Very well made, great fit, excellent price!


Pretty but not as formal as the other dresses made by same brand.  Skirt is not as full, has more of a straight look and front has very deep V even for my long torso (5'10"). Also not very padded so you certainly need a bra.  Not the best fit for someone with hips. Probably a good dress if you want something that can be easily dressed up/ down for multiple uses.  I returned and bought the "one shoulder "style instead.


I love, love, love this dress! It's got just the right amount of flowy fabric, and fits very nicely. It's very low cut, but you could easily tuck a little lace into your cleavage for more modest coverage. I had originally wanted to wear this for my wedding dress.


Unfortunately, the zipper didn't work very well. It was sewn with the zipper tracks facing outward somewhat for a few inches of it, which made it very difficult to get it to zip up past that spot. However, at this price, if it's the same way on the one that you receive, it might be worth paying for alterations, with this price of dress being so low. Sadly, I'm returning it, because I don't have time for alterations.


The price is amazing for a dress that is so universally flattering! While I am not crazy about the rhinestone brooches that came with it, the cut and material of this dress is well chosen and constructed. You can go wrong with this price! I am 5'4, 34-27-38 and bought size 6. fits really well on top (not too tight or loose) and flowy on bottom. I can even wear bra with it and it won't show. Length: drags on the floor a little bit without shoes for my height, which would be perfect when I add 2 inch heels. Color is a true hot pink!


ordered this for my dany targaryen costume for halloween - I added a gold lacy belt and pinned gold shoulder bits with a couple of yards of matching blue chiffon to the shoulders. won a costume contest! i ordered larger and took in the sides, as I have a larger bust and expected it to be lacking in space - it was. Dress is fantastic for such a price and I am glad I got something I can use again - would totally wear it to a wedding or fancy party. Would be perfect bridesmaid dresses!


Dress is beautiful material and quality for price. I am 5'2" 140lbs and purchased a size 8. The middle fit was great but the shoulder length was long as well as length of skirt (with 2.5in. Heals). Once altered it was perfect but definitely wouldn't have been good to go right out of the box.


This dress is so beautiful. It makes me feel like a princess. The fit is true to size, the zipper can be a little sticky but other than that I love everything about this dress. Cannot wait to wear it to a wedding next week!


So this picture is the dress right out of the bag! I am 5'7 and about 155lbs and am a 34b bust. I have a curvy body. I was nervous that it was going to be too big but I ordered a size 10 after measuring myself beforehand. The dress fits my waist perfectly! the top is a little loose but that is because I am lacking some of that! Oh well! And the length is just about perfect. I will be wearing flats so I will have to get it hemmed a little bit but this dress is absolutely amazing!


Just what I was looking for.  I needed a dress for a "Fire and Ice" themed gala, and I ordered this in Sky Blue.  The color was great, and I got lots of complements throughout the evening!  I'm 5'7" and 165 lbs, and I ordered the Large.  It fit just fine.  I could have probably ordered a Medium and been alright as well.  It was PLENTY long for me, and I had to hike it up to walk, even with heeled wedges on.  I'd buy this again.


