Giving 4 stars because I had a problem with the zipper I had to get it fixed. Other than that beautiful and comfortable dress. I really loved it because I could wear a regular bra. It did V in the back but high enough.


I was a little nervous that this dress wouldn't fit well or look as good in person as it does online.  However, my fears were unsubstantiated.  The sapphire blue dress I got was gorgeous, fit perfectly, shipped in the 2 days it was supposed to, and looked great!  One hint:  be sure to check the little bag where the rhinestone brooches (for the top of the shoulders) are encased.  I didn't notice them until after I wore the dress.  Thankfully, it looks great with or without them on the shoulders.


Pretty, well made. A little darker than the picture shows and it runs a little snug.


Pretty dress and nice material, but sizing is way off. Ordered according to the size chart and it was still way too small! Big disappointment :(


If you're looking for a dress that's is light, sophisticated, flows yet snatch you around the waist to give you nice figure. You've got it!. I will be purchasing more in different colors. Definitely a must have in the closet. You can wear this to a wedding, spiritual outings and other events. I recommend buying a camisole or a tube top to put underneath because of the deep V in the front and back, if modesty is your priority.


Thanks,


SC


Great dress for the price. Fit as expected and not too long (I'm only 5'3" and didn't need huge heels to wear this without alterations)


Very nice dress. Looks great very comfortable


Pretty dress, but did not fit right in the bust area, especially on the sides.  Packaging leaves a lot to be desired.  Not sure what I really expected for the price, but stuffed into a cellophane bag really was not it.  Would need a lot of steaming to get all the creases out.  BUT the dress was pretty if it had fit.


This dress is beautiful. I am 5'5" and 130lb, the size 6 was perfect for me. A little long but with a good pair of heels solve the problem. This is an excellent purchase, and I recommend!!!


This fit me a little funny at the top under my armpits.  There was like extra material there.  It's a pretty dress but wasn't very flattering on me.  I bought a medium and I'm 5'11'' and 155 pounds and I normally wear a medium or size 6/8.


