This dress looked great and fit as expected. It was even long enough to actually be floor length! (I'm 5'9, 130lbs, and ordered a size 6). They did initially send me the wrong size, but when I returned it for the correct size it fit perfectly.


My daughter needed a dress to wear for a talent show at school.  She wanted something dramatic but we didnt want to spend alot of money.  The dress runs small.  The smallest size listed is a size 4 but according to the chart this is the size that was recommended for her dimensions.  Normally she wears a size 2 in dresses so pay attention to the chart.  Also the dress is too short for her..She is 5'8" and the dress is more tea length on her.  She really wanted it to fit like a gown but we'll make it work somehow.


We ordered it a deep red color and it is exactly the look my daughter was going for.


Very very pretty, but does not have bust cups and is so low, low cut.  I ended up keeping it and taking it to a tailor to have cups added and the cleavage sown shut a bit.  Maybe with a larger chest it would be better, but for me, particularly sitting down, it was just inappropriately open.


I loved how the bottom half fit. The top made it look like I was going to the club but realized I had to go to a wedding. I had to return it sadly. The coral color was beautiful.


I ordered the dress in dark green and the color is absolutely take you breath away gorgeous.  As the other reviewers stated, if you follow the size chart, the dress will fit pretty accurately. The pins on she shoulders are optional, which is good because the gold is very ugly and cheap looking.  I decided to purchase a separate pin, and placed it between the V of the chest.  It looks soooo much better that way.  I had to do a few alterations with the length and under arms, but for the price of the dress that isn't an issue.  There is a lot of static cling.  Static guard is a must when wearing this dress.  I definitely recommend this dress for a wedding or engagement party.


I got this for a wedding but did not know how small the dress would be. I'm usually a 8/10 us, but ordering a 12 was perfect. I got the dress shortened (I'm 5'1) and wore it to a fall wedding.


I purchased this as a cosplay accessory for Saint Seiya's Athena and was very pleased with it once I opened it and tried it on! It fit great, held up great, and look even better, and needless to say, my cosplay looked great too! Haha. =]


So impressed from the quality of the dress. It came completely true to size, make sure you measure yourself before you order and go with whatever size it says on the chart. The V-neck is pretty low so I wouldn't recommend it for an older crowd unless you're looking for that sexy look. It does run fairly fitted in the breast area, I wouldn't recommend for females with a size D cup or up.  I swear a size C cup and it fits real snug. I'm wearing for my sisters wedding and so excited to wear it! The dress looks fabulous on and the price is such a bargain!


I ordered a larger size (16) based on recent weight gain and other review and was still nervous about it.  When when it came in it was too big for me.  It flowed nicely but too loose in bust area.  Am giving it to my sister in law if she can fit it.  For the money it's a nice dress.  I'm not as in love with it since I got it though.  I wish it had a little more structural support, but perhaps it does in the proper size.  I'm a little sad that I ordered the wrong size but I'm not enamored enough to order right size.  maybe later.


This is surprising nice for the price, it fits well and I can see it working on a lot of different body types.  My only complaint is I can't get it zipped myself because the zipper is in the back instead of the side.


