I needed a quick fix for a last-minute black tie event, and Ever Pretty + Amazon Prime came to my rescue!  Please note, although I've indicated that this dress fits as expected, it was a few inches too long for me...which I totally expected.  (I am 5'3".)  The cool thing about this dress though is that the crepe-like fabric and waist-band offer easy options for do-it-yourself alterations--the kind which would make a real seamstress faint, but which get the job done quickly and look fine from the outside (although a bit shoddy on the inside.  In my case, I tucked a few inches from the top of the skirt under the waist-band around the entire circumference of the waist, and tacked the excess fabric down on the inside of the dress at the waistband.  I also tucked about 1/2" of the sleeve/straps into the back of the dress.  I also took advantage of the sparkly pins which come with this dress--advertised as decorations over the shoulders; I used them to add a sparkly shawl to the ensemble, pinning the shawl to the shoulders of the dress.


The length was just right.Soft fluid material. This was a little big,and drapey in the waist section,but I prefer that over tight. I can easily take in here and there, if needed. It is low cut, so if you are full on top, be ready to have cleavage or add a lace triangle for more coverage. SUPER fast delivery. The dark red is luscious. Great price.


It was large in the chest area and I did not have time for alerations.


This dress was exactly what I was looking forward too.  The color and style were perfection.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star was the zipper.  I'll never understand why they use zippers that are impossible to zip up.  It kept getting caught in the middle where there was a seam.  I'm also only 5ft tall so it was longer than I would have liked without wearing my heels.  I also loved the fact that I could remove the rhinestones from the dress.


I love this dress! I am 5'1 and about 113 lbs. My measurements are 32"-26"-33.5 for comparison. The length is perfect. I agree that the dress runs smaller than normal so check the size chart in the picture. I normally wear a size 2 or 2P in dresses but I ordered the size 4 and fits well. The bust and waist is a little too loose. Overall, it's perfect for the price. I will be wearing it as a bridesmaid in my aunt's wedding. I have posted a picture (shoeless).


Beautiful dress,  fits very well,  it's simple but very easy to dress up or dress down as one sees fit. Usually I'm a size two in dresses but I fit the size four very comfortably. It was very long,  but should be very easy to get hemmed.


I purchased the Ever Pretty V-Neck Long Chiffon Crystal Maxi Evening Dress (Black) to use as bridesmaid dresses for my August 2014 wedding. They were absolutely gorgeous and classy! My bridesmaids wore them without the shoulder clips, which were a bit tacky looking. Some of them complained that the dress was too low cut, but I thought that they looked great!


The dress came very quick the color is exactly as shone in the picture and the length surprisingly was not too long nor too short. i'm only 5'0 tall and the length is perfect.the chest part does not open up as much as shown in the picture. the two removable broaches are beautiful. the dress fits perfectly using the correct chart.


The dress is really pretty. Made well. Only problem is it's too long. But that can be fixed


Surprised at quality of material. Way better than I expected


