I have never written a review about anything before, and i do a lot of shopping.. I swear, this dress is a dream. I had very little expectation because of the price, but i am so impressed! i have a black tie event to attend this month and just decided i didn't want to buy a designer dress around the same time as the holidays. I took a chance, knowing i could return it if it was hideous, and to my surprise i LOVE it! the fit is perfect, but it is long on my short 5'2" self. even with 4 inch platform pumps the chiffon overlay drags a bit but thats a super simple fix. i am typically a size 2/4 with size C bust and i ordered a 4. it fits everywhere but the length.  i have been a bridesmaid 24 times and this dress rivals all of the $200+ dresses i have purchased for that. i HIGHLY recommend this dress! I'm adding a photo but you are not allowed to judge my messy house- my fiancé and i just got back from vacation and i haven't unpacked yet haha!!


Wow! This Dress is gorgeous I got alot complements, is very comfortable, and the color it work for any ocasion and I think for any season! I'm 5.3h and 120lb bust 34c and I order size us 6 it fit perfect, I had to do some sew in bust area because for me It was to much I wish to wear like the dress as is but anyways I'm Very happy costumer.;)


Worth it! ❤️


Love this dress! It is stunning


I'm 5'8 and I generally take a size 14 dress, 38DD bust. I ordered the 16 and it fit perfectly. It also arrived exactly when it said it would! Great material and great length.


Very pretty dress for the price. It's low cut but I was expecting that as I used it in a nursing photo shoot.


This dress is so gorgeous, well-made, and very comfortable!  I purchased it to wear to a Military Ball.  There is nothing about this dress that's ill-fitting, rough/scratchy, or uncomfortable.  The outer layer is very light and flowy.  The inner layer is still lightweight, but more silky.  The cups are also lined in this same silky material.  I don't know that I'd be able to wear a bra with it, as it does show a bit of side boob.  But, the cups feel somewhat supportive.  I think as long as you don't have saggy bags, you could easily get by going braless with maybe just some silicone petals to avoid any headlight issues.  For size reference, I purchased this dress in a size 6.  I am 5'4" and 140-ish pounds.  My measurements are 37" bust and 29.5" underbust (34D, fake boobs.)  26.5" waist, 38" hips.  I always wear size Medium in tops, and 4/6/28" bottoms, depending on the brand.  So, I'd say this dress runs fairly true to size, or perhaps a teensy but small.  If you are between sizes, I'd maybe size up, as I can usually wear a size 4 in most women's dresses.  This dress is pretty long, however.  I was wearing the dress with 3" heels in the photos.  The inner liner layer was the perfect length, however the outter chiffon layer was still a couple of inches too long.  Great dress --- BUY IT!  It would be awesome for bridesmaids, or for a female to wear as a wedding guest, prom, bridal shower, etc.  Please excuse my dirty mirrors in the photos! ;-)


My only issues with this dress were that the bust was slightly too large and it was very low cut.  However,  I really liked it.  The length was good for me (5'7 and wearing heels) and it was very comfortable.


This is a great dress. I bought this to have ready for military balls- while I'm unsure of when it may be, my boyfriends likes to tell me about things at the last minute so I figured it was worth ordering ahead and keeping on hand, especially considering the price. I am very impressed with this dress. It does not look like it cost 30 ish $!!!


I normally wear a size 6, though I went by the company's size chart at the urging of other reviewers and ordered a size 8, according to my bust measurement. It fits perfectly. For reference my measurements are 36in/32DDD bust, 28in waist, and 40in hips, and I'm 5'6".


The dress feels heavy and substantial, though could be worn in any season (though I would hesitate to wear anything like this in the very heat of summer since the fabric is not very breathable by nature). I could even wear the dress with my normal t-shirt bra! There was no padding built into the dress so I would not go braless, and wearing a t-shirt bra is the next easiest option.


My only complaints: it is long. Even with 4 inch heels the overlay was still brushing the floor and getting caught when I walked. However this is a very easy fix- I'd rather it be too long than short! Now for being too nit-picky: the zipper is in the back but it is not an invisible zipper with the smaller pull. Also, the neckline is overstitched rather than seamed to the lining from the inside as a nice dress would likely be made. Finally, it was a bit wrinkled when it came out of the package, but it was hardly noticeable and could easily be steamed out while taking a hot shower. Again, these are the smallest and most unimportant complaints I could find. I couldn't even justify taking off a star for these little things.


The pictures attached are as follows: front view, back view, gown with 2.5 inch heels, gown with 4 inch heels.


I am 170cm tall and even with heals the dress looks beautiful! Only $30 I could not believe it and did not expected much. But it is a super nice dress. Doesn't look cheap at all and it is comfortable! 5 Stars!! By the way, I am going to wear that dress for prom, exiting!


