For the person scanning for size to buy I ordered a size 4 - I'm 5'4", 34B, and 135 lbs . This dress fit better than almost anything like it I could find on the rack and it was half the price! Everything about it felt well made and it's machine washable - which I love. The zipper worked great (something I fear with online dress purchases) and the fit was perfect. I didn't wear a bra with it and although there was a tiny bit of space. I never peeked out or feared being exposed.  It's now my go to classy formal dress. I'll definitely be wearing this dress to many more events!


I'm really not sure how this dress has so many great reviews. I ordered it in white as a shoestring wedding dress. Granted, the style is nice enough. I recommend going more for your waist measurement than bust measurement when choosing what size to order (I ended up ordering too large). I'm not sure if it's worth trying to order this in a smaller size. The fabric is super cheap - flimsy and very polyester looking. In white, even though there's a lining, it's still translucent.  Figuring out undergarments would be pretty tricky too, with the deep v in the front and back and the long arm-holes.  The cost of alterations to put in cups or support would probably be more than the dress itself! The price is right, but I don't think I'd feel that great in it on my "big day."


Ordered three sizes that were around where I fell on the sizing chart. The dress was too short for me (5' 8.5") so they all promptly went back in the box to be returned. If you're shorter maybe you will like it, the coral is more pink and bright that I need for the wedding I'm in. The dress also is pretty thin compared to what you would be used to with a normal bridesmaid dress. All in all, if you order with Prime and free returns, can't go wrong with trying it on yourself!


This dress arrived very quickly and is exactly what I expected! The dress is light and comfortable enough to wear all evening. The fit is as expected. Although I will say that, because I needed to buy a size twelve and I am not blessed with height, the straps are a bit long. I have to put a small stitch in the front to keep it decent. (Again, this is more a factor of my dimensions than a flaw with the dress.) The item description says "padded enough for a no bra option." I would disagree with this statement. There is no padding in the top of the dress at all. I still like it; just not as described in that respect.


I purchased this dress for my mom for an all white summer event. It was billed as 'formal.'


The quality is good - at least for the occasion I mentioned.


You definitely can't wear a traditional bra with this dress, but you may need something in terms of undergarments.


I thought that the dress was see through, but my mom did not agree with me.


For the most part the dress fit well. I thought that it was a bit too big at the shoulders.


The length was good with typical heels.


The price was good.


I ordered for my Game of Thrones Daenary's costume. It worked perfectly, and I will totally be able to use it again. I'm usually an 8 or 10; ordered this in a 10 and it fits fine. There is NO breast padding or even extra lining. It was too low for me to wear a strapless bra, but I used sticky petals and it work great! The "crystals" are a metal shiny safety pin like piece that pins on to each shoulder. They kept rotating all night. I probably won't use that piece of the dress again. Other than that, it was great for my purposes!


I'm 5'1 currently 175 pounds.  Bought for my babyshower.  It was long so it dragged,  I had to pin the sides under the arms and  the top of the straps because it was too much material. Also sewed the front a little bit because it was too low cut. Tried to take it to a Seemstress but they tried charging me $80 to repair it. I didn't find it worth it since it was only for one night.  The dress was very comfortable though. It was just not made for short girls. But I would recommend.


I ordered this dress yesterday morning and it arrived this afternoon. Amazon Prime is so worth it! Anyway, the dress, I ordered it in green and it is true to color. I didn't have measuring tape to measure myself before I ordered so it's a little loose in the top but totally doable. I love this dress because it hides a lot of the areas of my body (belly, thighs) that I'm sort of uncomfortable with while still looking elegant. I am able to wear a regular bra with it. My only complaint is that it is just a tad shorter than I had anticipated. No worries though. I'll just wear flats. I'm sure that will make my husband (he's only two inches taller than me) happy. I love that the accessories at the shoulders are pins so that if I wanted to wear them in a different location I could. This dress could easily be dressed down or up and for the price is a great buy. I am very happy with the quality and especially thrilled with how fast it arrived. This will be my first Air Force Ball to attend but one of my friends said it's right on the money with what is usually worn. Now to find shoes.


We did not get a full length dress it's only to the knees


I'm really pleased with the quality of the dress for the price.  I'm 5'7" and 153 lbs and with 3 inch heels the length it just right. I normally wear a size 8 or 10.  Ordered a size 10 and I probably could have gotten away with an 8, but didn't want to take the chance.  If you are large on top I would recommend a size up.  The "V" neck in front can be a little revealing for more conservative occasions, but a couple of stitches will solve that issue if needed. Overall I'm very pleased and will be looking forward to wearing this to my step daughter's wedding. I will post pictures from the wedding later.


