It is a little loose on the waist, but everything else is just perfect. The material looks nice, the length is perfect. I am 5'2" and weigh 158 pounds. It is a little too long for me, but I always have to have everything hemmed. Great value and product!


The dress fit perfectly, although I'm a tad short (5'1") so I had to hem it. Wasn't a big deal though. The length is good for all heights because it's long enough for tall people and if you're short like me, you can just hem it yourself. The price was a steal! I received plenty of compliments on the dress and was even told I looked like Asian Elsa :) The dress did make me feel like a princess!


The dress is beautiful.  I love the quality of the dress.  My only issue is due to my measurements I purchased a size 14 and it fits comfortably.......but right under the armpit where the side seams are for the front covering is just a tad bit too big.  I wanted to return it for an exchange but the seller only offered a refund.  This dress was purchased for a wedding and I didn't have time to return it for a refund to turn around and purchase another size.......


The dress is perfect for the occasion, but needed some accessories to make it a wow dress.  Good basic, fit expected and to size...very plunging neckline...but my man will not mind :) I would definitely recommend the green emerald color it is beautiful


I am absolutely in love with my dress. I used it in a play and everyone asked me where I got it. And it wasn't too pricey for me. I will definitely wear it on another formal occasion. It was a bit big on my bust but that's because my bust is not proportional to the rest of my body. So I have the bust of a size 2 and the body of a size 6. However it still looked stunning!


I sent the dress back yesterday. Although it fit, the bust & armholes were all wrong. The bust was way too narrow, not anything like the photo. The armholes were way too long. I tried 3 different bras, and still, the bra showed. The length was ok. I'm 5'8". Weigh 155. 38 C bra.


I'm disappointed, because the dress is really pretty.


I just received this dress. I ordered pink and it looks like peach also I have purchased night growns better looking than this cheap looking so called dress. I knew that I wasn't going to get a $500.00 dress but the construction and material used was a joke. Also picture shows pin on shoulder that says is inside bag. Well this dress was missing the pin. I would not recommend this dress at all. I have purchased other dresses from amazon that I was very please with but not this one.


This dress has become one of my favorites! The sizing chart is accurate, and the color matches the photo perfectly! I received a ton of compliment when I wore this dress to my sorority formals! The dress is fairly long so if you are shorter then 5' 7" you may have to wear heals to keep it from dragging. I am 5'6" and wore a small heal and was very comfortable. This was a great purchase


Material is so thin and sheer.  Bodice has NO support and is only 2 sheer layers thick with no lining at all.  Like Kleenex material. A backless support bra would show under as well. Can't wear a strapless bra either because the armholes are very low on the ribs.  I wanted to like and keep but I can't.  Too bad cause it looks decent for the price but not really quality.  Returning was easy though.


Go with your "true size" for Ever Pretty - whatever you would use for tailoring or to make a dress from a pattern.  Usually one size up from your regular size.


