Didn't fit


The dress arrived really quick. I was exited until I opened my package. Not what I expected at all. Its cute in an old fashion type of way. It does not look like the picture at all. The color I order was the saphire blue and its not the same color in the picture either. The size is not true. I guess I will be picking one of my old dresses to wear this weekend.


Doesn't fit right


It is not what I expected. I did not like the fabric.It looks different then what it shows in the picture.


amazing


The dress is just as lovely as described, however not nearly as flowing as shown.  My only complaint is the sizing - based on the chart, I ordered my size, but the dress is way too long and a little large at the waist.  But, it's something I can easily live with - just wear higher heels and dress up with jewelry to offset the large waistline.  I absolutely love the color and have received compliments.  I will definitely recommend it to others with the warning that the sizes run a bit large.


Thank you for sending the dress in a quick and timely manner. However, it was the wrong size. I ordered it for my mother and when she received it, she notified me that it was the wrong size. I verified my order and I chose the correct size but did not receive it. Unfortunately, she cannot wear it to her Church's anniversary dinner due to the time constraints; she will have to purchase another dress for this event.


This dress sucks!!! i got this dress int he yellow and it looked more like a peach color. I am a dress size 12 but i am busty and this didnt fit at all. for the price i guess its a good deal if it had fit but i dont think i will be ordering from this brand again,


I found this dress just in time for my daughter last minute wedding, I went to so many department stores and did not see anything that i like. This dress color, fit and price was perfect...considering this is the first time that i ever order clothing online. I just want to say thankyou.


Is diferent when get the dress the material is not what i wanted. It look no elegant. I think there are others  better


