I bought this in a size 14, which is normally the dress size that I wear. I'm 5'4 and I have a pretty curvy body type. It's a little snug in the waist, and it's really deep in the front, which was honestly what I was looking for. For $25, it's a steal. Plus, the color is super pretty. I will more than likely buy another one in a different color to wear to formal events.


Wow this dress is lovely!  I am attending a wedding soon and shopped all over town to find a nice dress . . .I purchased two from a local retailer -  to the tune of $400 - one long and one short but bought this one on a whim.  It came in, I tried it on and my husband LOVED it on me.  I'm 5'3 and about 130 lbs.  The 8 fit very well and the royal blue is rich and the fabric is great.  I'm having it hemmed (who cares how much that costs when the dress was so inexpensive) and having the shoulders taken up just about a 1/2 inch - mostly to make sure they don't fall down.  It is long - taking about 4-5 inches off even with a 1" heal on my shoes.  The fabric is lovely and the wrinkles from the packaging steamed out easily.  It is low cut but not so low that I'll feel self conscious.  I would highly recommend this dress.  Only thing I wish it had is bra shoulder holders - I might add them myself - but the good news is that I can wear a regular low cut bra!  That's one of my requirements - I don't like strapless bras and really dislike halter bras.  In other good news it is washable - although I will probably hand wash and hang to dry.


Would have been a wonderful dress, if it would have been more true to the size. I bought this dress in a US size 16 for a Christmas party. When I tried it on, it fit more like a US size 10-12 rather than a 16. I know I am a size 16 because I had recently given birth to my son and I no longer fit into my normal US 10-12 sizing, to which I still have a few dresses and clothing items. I compared the dress to them. The tag did read US 16, which was a lie. Not to mention the breast area was far too small for a size 16. Or maybe that is the way they make their dresses- too small and definitely not for anyone with a sizeable chest measurement above a B or C cup. Returned. It was pretty, just wish it had fit.


I did not like this dress. It looks great in the photo, but when I put it on, the neckline came down about halfway between my sternum and my navel, and I felt uncomfortably exposed. I would not have been able to lean over even slightly without flashing someone, and it was so low cut as to look awkward and strange, not sexy or alluring. Seeing as how I was looking for elegant (not sexy or alluring, and certainly not awkward and strange), I returned the dress for a refund. Perhaps on a very busty woman, it might work for picking up men in bars, but this dress absolutely did not meet my standards.


I bought this dress to wear on my cousin's wedding. I was skeptical to buy it at first, but it ended up being so nice I bought another one in a different color. I am 5'7 and weighs 160 lbs (ordered size 14). I didn't have to order a bigger one since their measurement is spot on. The dress is very long though. I  wore a 6 inch heels so I did not have to alter it. All in all, very good dress for the money! Highly recommend!


I got this dress because I am going to be a bridesmaid. This dress is very short. I am 5'5 I got size 10 It was a little too big and very shor e hills


The dress is beautiful and good quality for its size. But I had one problem with this dress. My bust is 41 inches and I normally wear 34 or 36DD bra size. I bought the size 10 and it fit me great - only the arm hole was a little too wide so you could see my bra no matter what I would wear. The V neck is deep in the front but I could have fixed that by just sewing it together, but the deep arm hole would have expensive to alter.


I have a wedding and needed a grey bridesmaids dress. Being frugal I don't see the point in spending hunders on a dress I will only wear once but I still want to look good. After numerous searches and hours of research I decided to take the plunge and buy it. I bought one size bigger due to some reviews i read. It arrived and I was happy with how it looked and feel. I tried it on and it fits. I do need to take it up a little in the  shoulders since it's a little long for me and my normal size would have probably fit me perfectly. I washed it and it still looks perfect. I am very pleased.


I found this dress while searching for bridesmaids dresses for a friend's wedding.


We were on a short timeline (only 1.5 months from the date announcement to get things in order), so knowing this was Prime eligible was a big selling point.


I figured, I'll order mine and see what it's like, and if it was acceptable I'd let the other bridesmaids order it.


It came in and I was pleasantly surprised at how much it looked like the pictures. I got the Light Purple color, and it truly was light purple. It's always hit or miss with buying clothing on Amazon, so I was very happy that it worked out.


Overall, the fit was exactly as described (get your dress size that you normally wear and it should fit you properly). I had mine hemmed some since I'm only 5'4", and i did have the deep V stitched up a little. Seamstress had no issues working with the dress material and it held up well. I steamed it myself with a handheld steamer and the wrinkles came out with no issues and no watermarks.


I got a lot of compliments on it!


This is a perfect dress for the price and I would absolutely recommend it.


I bought this as a maternity dress for my baby shower. I measured 33" at my waist and 35" at my bust (I'm 7 months pregnant as of this writing). I was nervous about the fit because of course, my measurements didn't fit the chart and I read the reviews for the bust fitting small. I ordered a size 10, figuring that if it was high waisted, I would have more trouble with a too-big bust than a too-small waist.


The package came quickly, and yes it came in a cellophane package, but that didn't bother me. A bit wrinkled, but nothing i can't fix.


It fit very well! Had I ordered any other size it would not have fit. There is a slight gap at the bottom of the V, but it is not noticeable and may be more due to my odd shape right now. It fit perfectly everywhere else.


The plunge wasn't too deep for me....nothing is showing or hanging out, anyway. The sides are too low cut for a bra though.


I ordered the dress in white, and it is a bit sheer, but nobody seems to know how to make opaque white clothing anymore, so whatever. I have a pair of lined white pants from the Limited and they still show my undergarments a bit.


The length hit just right for me, brushing my feet but not the floor. I am 5' 6".


Very beautiful, flowy and light...my baby shower is outside so this makes me happy! The underlying fabric may look cheap to some, but with the overlaying chiffon it looks like something that would cost upwards of $100 in a place like Macy's. I am overall very happy with this dress and will be buying from Ever Pretty again :)


