Just to re-iterate what others have said about this company, the sizing for the US is not right. If you know your size in the UK, go by that; otherwise just go up one size in US sizes. Don't be vain and try to get the smaller size! This isn't a slightly small dress; the sizes are actually one whole size off. But if you get the right size it fits great. I thought the shoulder pins looked cheap and a little awkward but they're detachable so I just took them off. The dress itself is nice; it's fully lined and the top layer comes down just a bit past the lining so you can see your feet through the translucent dress material. It's a good basic dress to dress up with statement jewelry and shoes.


EVEN WITH HEELS THE DRESS HAS TO BE TAKEN UP. I WORE IT TO A BREAKFAST AT TIFFANYS THEMED BRIDAL SHOWER AND EVERYONE LOVED IT. IT IS CHIFFON SO MAKE SURE NAIL ARE PROPERLY MANICURED SO THAT IT DOES NOT SNAG AT IT. THIS DRESS CAN BE DRESSED BOTH UP AND DOWN BY ADDING A CUTE STYLISH DENIM JACKET OR FOR A CALMED LOOK OF ELEGANCE ON THE BEACH


Im extremely satisfy is better than what the picture shows....!!! I bought another dress and is amazing the quality for the price u will get ur money's worth....!!!


Pretty dress! The yellow is more of a marigold, my 4 year old argues it's orange. I was looking for a pale yellow like the photo shoes so I have to return it.


I was SO excited to receive this dress. It came early (the only reason for the star). But when I opened the package and held up the dress, I saw that it had CLEARLY been altered by someone who was not a professional. I am not sure if it was altered or at been ripped?? I don't know, but it didn't even have tags. I think maybe someone returned this dress once before and they didn't check to see if it was still in good condition, then sent it back out or something. SO disappointed! I will be asking for a refund.


Gorgeous dress, but definitely order a size up... My dress size is usually an 8... The dress zipped up fine until it got to my rib cage ( I have a large-ish bust but that wasnt the issue)I was able to zip it all the way, but not with comfort. Extremely tight ... So I would definitely suggest ordering the next size up


I sized up the first time I ordered and had to exchange for my usual size. The dress is about what I expected for the price. It's pretty long, but that was also expected.


I got dark purple for a bridesmaids dress for my sister's wedding. Wasn't expecting a lot since it was so cheap, $25, but HOLY S#@& this dress is beautiful, classy, comfy and makes me look like a princess. I love  it!!!!


This gown was a somewhat awkward fit, and does not look as nice as in the picture. I have wider shoulders, and the shoulders were huge on me. Someone with narrower shoulders would probably be swimming in it.


Great dress! Bought it for 30 year class reunion.Elegant, great color, great fit from the measurements. Would order it in every color. Great dress for the price. Shipping, received it in 2 days. I would have given 5 stars but had to have hemmed. I am 5'5 1/2 still long with heels. I also changed the pins, prefer silver tones.


Luv'n this dress!


