It was very pretty just too small. Returning was super easy!


This is a beautiful dress and I was going to order my usual size of 14, but I looked at the measurements and decided to go with the 12.  Glad I did.  The dress is still big around the straps.  To fit better I would have to take an inch up off the straps to keep it from being loose.  But I decided to put a nice piece of glittery trip across the back from side to side.  This keeps it tigher and from slipping without pulling up on the straps.  It is ok without doing that as long as you dont bend over and then whoops everything could fall out.  I dont think if you normally order a 14 and get the 12 that you should order the next smaller size to compensate for the large  straps.  Because it may be too small around the waist and hips.  Tose are great right now.  Beautiful color.  Deep and rich.  and it comes with some very nice shoulder embellishments.


I want to like this dress.  Sadly, it seems to be made for an Amazonian. I ordered a size 4.  The bust fits fine but draped oddly on my waist to make me look pregnant and is about 7" too long for my 5'4", 110 lbs frame. Based on other reviews, I was thinking of taking the hem up but the flowers portion seems disproportionate and again flows oddly when I pinned it up.  I still cannot fix the odd waist due to the bunching design.  Money wasted and I will have to donate this.  I was hoping to use it on a cruise or beach vacation.  I am very disappointed with this purchase.


From the pictures I thought the pattern would be on the bottom material with a sheer overlay. This is not the case. The pattern is on the top layer, but it is very pretty and looks great on!


I did not like the way it looked on me, so I'm returning it. The shoulder area could of been taken in,  I'm short and it was a bit big in that area


The pink color is see through and it's a little long.


Lovely fabric and true to size. Even prettier in person! Can't wait to wear it for my birthday.


I got the smallest size and was way to big


I ordered this dress in light pink it looks more like peach it doesn't compliment you if your boobs aren't huge


Wow, the color looks so rich, very excited, wanting to order other more colors, nice flow and love long length.


