Had to return. My mistake.  Based on th reviews and the measurement chart I thought I should order big. After consulting with customer service I should have just ordered my true size. Reordered another dress.


I was not thrilled with this product. It seemed to flatten my chest, but make my lower half look larger. Overall, it was just not flattering.


The dress is pretty, it arrived quickly and as expected. It fits well and I like how it looks on me (specially the torso). But, the only thing is the cloth its made from wasn't what I expected. I had hoped it would be more silky, but instead it is cheap and polyestery (like grandma's pijamas) and rather a disapointment, which is why I give 3 stars. Anyway, I bought it for a wedding and I will wear it, lets see the comments I get.


This dress is VERY elegant. I felt like a Greek Goddess as soon as I put it on. The sapphire blue is extremely vibrant and the gold pins on the shoulders are the perfect touch to turn this dress to a special occasion dress. It is worth every penny and more.


Love this dress, absolutely gorgeous and classy. Well made and beautiful fabric, can't wait to wear it somewhere..I am 5'4" 140lbs with an hourglass figure. While the dress was long a little heel makes this the perfect length and it fit my curves perfectly. I was worried because of the low cut (front, side, back) I wouldn't be able to wear a bra but I was able to wear my strapless without it showing anywhere.


I ordered this dress to arrive the next day, not really sure it would arrive in time for a dinner that evening.  It arrived right on time and was exactly what I thought it would be.  Unfortunately, it was too big.


I am very sorry to say that the I got was not what I expected I didn't like. It at all I wish I  bought the other dress that's what I get for not listening to another reader who said something about busted women  but even if it did fit I wouldn't have like the dress is ugggly!


Beautiful dress, and color, great fabric. I ordered the size that matched my measurements, but it was too big by about 1/2 inch all around. Ultimately the size, and the fact that the dress has no stretch, meaning I couldn't use it for what I planned (can't pull aside the top to nurse), lead to the decision to return vs. exchange it.


I was very disappointed...the dress did not look as beautiful on the web site as it looked in person. It looked very sophicated and elegant however it was very cheap looking. It is on it's way back to the vendor. Never again :(


I am 5'5",145lbs, 34DD, 30" waist. When I read the reviews several people suggested sizing up. I normally wear a size 8, I wish I had gone with my instinct and ordered true to size instead of a size up. The dress is lovely however and I won't need it for another couple of months so I'm reordering it a size down. I ordered the purple and it is a lovely dark shade of purple. The dress feels very comfortable.


