Fit exactly as the pictured size chart indicated. It was a little long; I'm 5'6" but it wasn't too bad once I had heels on. Dress was good quality; especially for the price.  My only complaint was that the shoulder straps wanted to fall down, but I just pinned it to my bra strap and problem solved.


Don't like the way my boobs look, wouldn't buy it again but the fit is great. Good quality tho


Okay, so I accidentally bought this a size too large, but didn't realize until I got it. So really thats my fault. However, I had the intention to alter it for a cosplay from the beginning, so this was okay. The dress itself is made of pretty nice material, and it comes with two really pretty shoulder pin things that are separate from the dress so you have an option if you want it or not. Its also really flowy which is fun.


I'm normally a size 12-14 in dresses and the 14 fit me. I didn't find the style very flattering, though. Also, the colors were dimmer and more muted than I had originally expected and the fabric was caused major static cling. Overall it wasn't bad, just not for me. I'm returning it.


I bought this dress for my best friend's wedding. After shopping at David's Bridal first, I couldn't believe the price of this dress. This dress is an absolute steal. The fabric and quality is just as good as what they had in the bridal shop for a tiny fraction of the price. The only thing I didn't like is that there's not enough room in the bust area if you have large breasts. I plan to get the dress tailored a bit, but I do not mind since it was so affordable in the first place. I definitely recommend!


Its perfect. Feels great. Long enough. Im 5'7 210. 36DD(or E) Waist is a 35, hips 47. Its very flattering. Its not too low cut and any hairstyle will work. I love it. I cant wait to wear it.


It fit perfectly . I'm 5'4 and 125 lbs, ordered a size 4 and it was just right ! The color is beautiful. I had to get it shortened but I'm sure that they make it extra long for all the taller girls out there. Great buy !


Like the dress design. I got a six I wear a 5 and this dress is snug to the point I have to zip it before I put it on because on I can't get it zipped.


I just love my dress. It was delivered quickly and was exactly what I ordered. I also bought the shawl in the same colour. It can be perfectly paired with silver or gold accessories.


I have a DD cup size and the cut to the front is extremely low but I simply added a tube top and it was perfect.  I hope it holds out well through wash and wear. Thanks again every pretty for giving me this beautiful dress at a fair price.


The dress was definitely made with cheap material, but you couldn't tell at all when it was on! It was the perfect price for me and fit well. However, I could not wear a bra with it because it was too tight up top (I'm a bit busty)


