So today, November 16th, 2013, I wore this bridesmaids dress to my friend's wedding! when you order it...it came in a week's time. came with two add-on gold colored crystal decorations that you could clip onto your shoulders. since the maid of honor lost hers, i gave her one of mines and we put it on our bosom area. For me, I read the other comments when purchasing this item because a U-Plunge bra was suggested. Since I had many Macy's gift cards, I went to Macy's to purchase, but there were only a few left and not in my breast size, so with the help (and I mean she REALLY helped me!) of customer service, I chose a nude colored strapless bra. with the gold colored crystal clip I placed it on my bosom area for decor and to help cover up the slight display of my  bra.


The dress was very flowing and I felt very beautiful in it. My friend, the bride, provided a lavender matching purple hair clip to place on the side of my hair. It was all very well planned and I matched it with my close-toed 3 inch silver champagne colored heels.


This dress received multiple compliments. A lot of the groom's family members who are avid sewers suggested cutting the dress in half and wearing it to other parties as an idea. However, I will NOT because I truly like it the way it is! and have other ideas such as wearing it for Greek Goddess themes and other evening night parties.


Overall, I give this dress a 10 out of 10 and much like the previous comments before me, you MUST measure your own bust size and waist and then compare it to the U.S. size (I'm from SF, California).


I ordered a white dress and the one I received had a bluish lavender hue. The dress was also not of the same quality as shown. It had stitching in the front that made it look cheap and evidently the gold decorative pieces on the the shoulders in all of the pictures do not come with the dress. I would have sent it back but I purchased it for a white party and I couldn't find an appropriate dress at any of our local stores so I had to wear it. I feel the retailer misrepresented their product and I won't purchase from them again.


This is a gorgeous gown, but it just didn't work out for me size-wise. I ordered an XXL & it was just a little snug around the chest, making the zipper sticky. I didn't want to force it. The next size up would have been far too big. It was also at least 6" too long (I'm 5'2") which I kind of expected but was still sad about. The gown itself was lovely, beautiful color, nice medium-weight fabric, great quality for this price.


Bought this dress for formal night on a cruise, and I absolutely loved this dress!  The material is great, it is machine washable (total bonus), and it looked beautiful on.  For me, I have a short torso, so the cleavage was extremely low, but I was able to tuck the straps of the dress into my bra strap to make it work.  If I wear it again, I will probably get it altered just a bit.  Definitely impressed with this product as I was a little worried about buying a dress online, but I am so glad I did.


Fit my waist and hips good, breast and length were to big. I ordered my actual size. I'm 5 7' and 190lbs


This was a lovely gown but it unfortunately was too big in the bust for me.  I was going to take the sleeves in myself but the way they were sewn made it difficult so rather than trying to fix and ruining it,  i ultimately ended up returning it. I ordered a 14 as I sway between 12-14. I'm 5'6" and the dress hit the floor.


Love this dress. It is so pretty and unique. I wore it to a wedding and it was perfect. It went a bit low though and I had to safety pin it so my bra wouldn't show. If you have good cleavage and or a low bra it should work great though. :-)


Can't wait to wear it again.


I purchased this dress tochange into as a reception dress for my wedding. This dress is VERY well made and the sizing is on point. I am too busy to be measuring myself so I just ordered the same size that I bought my wedding dress in from Davids Bridal and it fit exactly the same. I am 5'4" and it is a tad bit long...nothing an inexpensive hem won't fix. All in all, this dress is worth WAY more than what I paid for it and I'm totally PISSED I paid $175 for my bridesmaids dresses now....take it from a very particular Bride....if you are considering these dresses for your bridesmaids dresses....DO IT!!!


The dress is great. It looks gorgeous on and the quality is way better than you'd expect. The only issue that I have with it is that I'm about 8 inches too short for it. At 5'1 it's crazy long on me. I spent more to have it hemmed than I did on the dress but worth it lol


The dress I ordered was not the one I received.  I have to return it because it's the right color but the design is completely different - and not at all pretty.  Great quality, but wrong style.  I reordered it hoping I'd get the correct dress this time.


