I was planning a birthday party for my Dad in a formal venue and wanted something pretty and elegant for the luncheon. I took a chance and ordered this dress in my size and it fit perfectly ! I am a size 12 and was a little skeptical but decided to order the dress because it was so beautiful.  Well I was pleasantly surprised when it fit, length was perfect, and no alterations needed.  I would highly recommend this dress to anyone. The chiffon fabric provides the perfect touch. I'm planning to order this dress in another color to have on hand just in case another special occasion comes up this summer.


Pretty dress but the fabric is a little thick and it ended up making me look pregnant.


Wore as a bridesmaid dress, it was great, comfortable and so pretty! The only thing, if you are busty you might need to sew the bust closed a little which i did and it was perfect. Great deal for the price! Looks great on all body types, very flattering


came too large in the chest area and i have a large chest for my size but dress was very nice


Bought for my bridesmaids dress. Somewhat big, but with 2 simple alterations, it fit perfectly!


Just a note, it is low in the front


This item would have been okay if it was not so long.  I am short and if I wear it I will be stepping on it.


This dress is beautiful and nicely made. It is a little small in my chest (42C and I ordered an XL), but otherwise, I love it.


Pretty dress, good material but just a shade too small and the zipper teeth were damaged so it wouldn't zip all the way up. Had to send it back but sad to do so.


I originally ordered this dress based on the size guide and reviews which led me to order 2 sizes up, but it turned out to be way too big. 2 sizes down (but still my usual size) is a perfect fit. This dress is pretty and makes me feel glamorous without being terribly expensive. The skirt is flowy and has plenty of room, so order based on your bust/waist.


Going to be a great bridesmaid dress. Fits beautifully. Color looks exactly as pictured. Very long, even for a 5'10 frame. Could wear a small heel with it


