I tried a couple of different sizes and styles from Ever Pretty before keeping this one.  None of them were bad, just not what I wanted exactly. THANKS TO PRIME, it was painless returning the others.  This came in 2 days....as advertised.  It may need to be steamed, bc it arrives in a plastic bag, but should not be an issue.  I am 5 foot, 125 lbs. and 36A-B and I got the size 8.  Since this style is meant to be ankle length, it falls fine with my 4 inch heels.  I could probably hem it slightly, but no need.  I am very pleased.


zipper was broken on arrival


The fit was baggy and somewhat sloppy. The fabric and the pins felt kinda cheap as well. Very disappointed.


Fit perfectly but the dress came damaged. Of course the return policy states it can't be returned if damaged or tried on so I'm out of luck. The top half of the dress was pretty but be prepared for a very low cut. I hated the bottom half. It came all crunched up and wrinkled and made of the grossest looking material. No thanks!


great fabric and well made, but to large . I returned it, got a refund


So the color and look of the this dress on the model and on a hanger are great.  However, I am pretty broad shouldered and when I now see photos in the dress, I look huge.  It also has too high of an empire waist for a bigger person so can make you look pregnant.  Finally, the "bling" on the shoulders are pins you have to attach yourself, so be ready to figure out how to attach them so they are even and don't flop around.  Still a nice dress I suppose but maybe on petite people or people with smaller upper body frames and bigger hips/theighs rather than a large rib-cage gal.


Although other clothing items from this same company I am able to zip but is still too tight, this dress I could not completely zip at all.  Very pretty dress.


I am so impressed with this dress!  It looks great and seems to be of decent quality.  I will note that the front and under the arms are very low cut.  I was able to put a few stitches in the dress and it's now perfect!  Highly recommend!  I bought the green one and the color is very close to what was online.  Would buy from again!


I'm 5'7", 170lbs, with a 36D bust. I got a size 14. The fit was fine but the dress was cheaply made. I felt frumpy in it.


Dress runs small and made me look pregnant! Looked more like a window curtain. Not flattering for curvy women at all.


