I absolutely love this fun, flirty dress. I’m 5’11 and 160lbs. so it is short in the front but I love my stems so I don’t mind! The shoulder situation adds to the flirt factor, which is definitely my personality.


Very cute, I probably could get away with a medium but I'm currently 10 weeks pregnant and need it for a wedding in June, so I got it in a large. (It still fits, just doesn't tightly hug my body, and I'm ok with that). The length is good as well. I'm 5'2, 129lbs and a 36B.


The back part was a little too long for my liking but the color was nice. I ordered it for a wedding but decided to go with a different dress because it looked too casual.


To be honest I’m not really satisfied with the dress. Its material is worse than I expected and kinda of thick and heavy. Maybe it’s because I didn’t read the detail completely as well. However it has nice design and color. So if you don’t really care about the material and could accept it’s thickness it’s still a nice choice for you.


I LOVE this dress!  I wear a size 14 most time and I ordered the XL.  It fits perfectly.  The material is soft and comfy and it is well made.  The color is rich and a nice purple.  I love it so much that I just ordered the red one! I will ad pics after I wear it to my birthday dinner.


item was too big , fit weird, and does not sit the way it should.  bad quality product.  Only plus site was the material was thick enough.


Haven't worn this yet but I tried it on and it fits as expected. I ordered a small. I'm 5ft 112lbs with curves. I like that the pattern isn't boxy so it fit my waist. Some dresses are sewn in a box shape so it fits everywhere except my waist. The fabric is a satin like material so it's not an everyday dress. Definitely date, party, wedding, etc. I'd order it again.


 I love the dress, but in the picture I looked like it would be poofy. It fits so well and it's comfy. I will definitely be buying more dresses from here


Loved it! I'm 5'8, 160. I ordered medium! Lots of complements, my boyfriend loved it too! It doesn't look cheap at all.


This dress fit pretty well, but the front of the skirt was extremely short. I even put shorts under it and couldn't find shorts small enough to not show at the bottom. I ended up returning because I found a better dress at home. The color was a perfect match to the picture and the size was pretty true.


