The dress is well made - definitely exceeded my expectations for the price. Unfortunately, it was too short in the front for me. I have longer legs, so I could see it fitting someone else well. I wish it had worked because it looked nice otherwise.


I absolutely love this dress!! I ordered an xL due to the reviews I've read. I'm on the heavy side. Typically I wear an 14/16 I'm blessed with all the. Curves.... The xL is perfect! It hangs perfectly on the bottom. Which is a miracle. Sis got butt. Anyway It fits my waist and chest perfectly too. The material is nice and flows perfectly. I ordered the Royal blue for a wedding next spring. And this beauty will be a head turner!! Awesome Sauce!!!


I ordered this dress with my fingers crossed and hoping for the best.  I have to tell you that I couldn't be any more pleased!! I am 5'3 and am 120 pounds. I wear a 32 C in bra size.  I ordered a small and it fits perfectly and comfortably!!  The material is excellent quality and the zipper works great.  The dress is stunning on and also looks just as pictured.  I ordered the maroon/wine colored dress and it arrived the exact color as pictured. I tried it on once I got it and felt gorgeous in this dress!! I cannot wait to wear this dress for the function that I ordered it for.


I am very happy with this order. The dress is very pretty and fits me perfectly.


I am 5'3" 130 lbs and ordered size small.


Honestly I didn't like this dress AT ALL. Size wise it was WAY to big I'm 5'1" 120lbs and ordered a size small the dress is much longer than shown I understand that I'm shorter but it was just awkward. The purple color is not as depicted at all. Just overall did not like.


The only reason im giving it 2 stars is because it has potential to be a cute dress. I ordered an extra small as my waist is small. I'm about 116 lbs, 5'3 and the waist area was still a bit loose, and the dress at the front was a little too short for my comfort. So, overall, not happy with the dress and will be looking to return.


I kid you not, this looked like a moo moo when I put it on. I don't know who these girls are in the photos but this is NOT what is looked like on me lol. Maybe she is really tall that is why it looks so cute on her?


The material is as bright as in the picture but the fabric is not what I expected by still a nice fabric.


I gave this a 3 star after carefully examination the Hem of garment wasn't caught properly.


However apart from that it was a good buy.


I'm a size 6, Muscular 140lb and this dress fits perfectly! Wore it to 2 weddings already with many compliments. Only challenge is that there are no instructions on how to clean...


I love this dress. I went up a size, based on the reviews. It was a tad loose, but not noticable. The sleeves stayed put, all night. The hi-low skirt was dramatic and stunning. I dressed it up with a blingy necklace and some heels. I got tons of compliments. Buy this dress! I wore it to a fundraising gala, perfect for the occasion. I'm 5'9", 214lbs, 38DD/E.


