I love it! I just got it today and I tried it on. I like the material. I ordered medium and I am 148 lbs. It fits great! I’ll buy more in different colors. I would like to recommend it to Ladies Amazon shopper who like to wear a dress. Love Love love it!


I bought this (using my fiancé's prime account) for myself (170, 5'9") in a medium, and it fits great! It's a little bit tight in the chest but I think a large would be too big for me. Lots of compliments from my friends when I wore it, definitely worth $20. I like that they have free returns if it had not worked out. I actually spent more on the strapless bra I wore underneath!


I'm 5'6" and this dress is way too short for me. And I am not overly conservative or dress like a grandmother. I'm 25 and have reasonable taste. But this dress is definitely way too short for me. Only buy this if you're short!


Nice dress. Color is as shown. Material lays nice and as pictured. I think I could have chosen the smaller size. I tend to be between a small and a medium. I ordered the medium and could have easily ordered the small. The medium still fit great just not as fitted as I was hoping for the top. Also, I have thick arms and there was plenty of room in the arm holes.


It did fit as expected,(14-16), XL, the material did feel a little on the cheap side, but that will not stop me ordering another color I have been looking at. All in all I did receive many compliments including my S.O.


I loved it! It fit nice, but since I am tall (5'8) it was very short when I wear it I have to wear shorts underneath because if I make the slightest movement with my arms going up it would show everything. On the plus side it was stretchy and soft fabric although it was a big heavy.


I normally wear a 1X but I purchased a 3X because people said it ran SHORT. It does run short. If you are tall, order a larger size. Two sizes up fit me perfect! I was really shocked how good the quality of the fabric is. Arrived on time, would purchase again!


The dress fit great and as expected (I ordered a small and am usually a size small or 4 in dresses), but the material got pilly after 1 wash. Worked great for what I needed it for, but couldn't wear again due to quality of fabric. For price, it was a fine one time use dress, but wouldn't purchase again.


Fits well. Perfect color. Sexy and classy. Bought for Sweetest Day. Can wear to many functions. Very very nice! Inexpensive but not cheap like material. Great fabric. Will buy again! Bought up a size but didn't need to but still fits great and proper.


5'4" - 180 lbs - large busted - XL fit perfect -- I got more compliments on this dress!!!  And my close friends who I told what it cost were shocked.  I know at least 2 are going to order it for themselves.


