I LOVE this dress! It's my go-to dress whenever I can't figure out what to wear. You can dress it up but you can also wear it as a casual look depending on what you pair it with. It's fantastic quality and very flattering.


This dress looks very elegant and expensive.  Love it!


This dress was AWESOME!!!  It was a little larger than expected but still awesome!  Very pleased with the color the style and the material.  This is a great multi-purpose dress.


Fits great. Material is stretchy. I have wide shoulders and this dress is just the right amount of snug. Only thing I wish was different would be the middle hemline in the torso portion of the dress I'm 5'6 and the hem hits right above my bellybutton. But ill make it work.


Absolutely beautiful!


Based upon the glowing reviews and customer photos I was confident I was going to really love this dress.  Either I got the ONE bad sample or everyone else got incredibly lucky because this item was the worst.  The material is hard and rough, the size was unflattering and small in places(I ordered a L at 5'7" 160lbs, althletic build based upon measurements and reviews of others), and it was so short that it was literally only several inches from my crotch, which is NOT how it looks in the photo.  Plus, it has a very distinct chemical smell.  The green color is very pretty and the neckline and sleeves were very flattering, but from the chest down - AWFUL.  I'm glad others have had such positive experiences, but mine was NOT.  It was immediately returned.


I returned it. The color was a tomato red and did not match the color I expected. Also the material was like a polyester which was a lil itchy.


I absolutely love this dress!!  Exactly as described, and fit true to size. I was worried initially regarding the material, but no worries ladies the fabric stretches. Plus it arrived early.


My grand daughter loves it


I bought this dress for a wedding, but have to return it because it doesn't look like expected/doesn't fit well. I ended up wearing something else. I wouldn't recommend it too much. I had too many hopes for this dress.


