Cute concept, but the dress has a hard time staying down around my shoulders. The material is nice and thick, and I love the color. Would be great for salsa dancing, but it's too tight to be comfortable for long periods of time. (I wear size small/ size 0 and the size small is very snug on my shoulders and ribs)


Super cute dress. I didn't love the style on my body type so I ended up returning it, but it's such a cute dress. Really good quality and thick fabric so it's not see-through or anything.


The material is very cheap. It is thin, clingy. and shiny, but not in a good way. The shoulders don't even stay down, so the dress doesn't look like it does in the online picture. I saw the bad reviews, but since I had prime free return shipping, I figured I'd try it anyway. I'm disappointed and will be returning.


First one was a bit big. Reordered a smaller size. But very nice good price


The dress in the picture and the 1 I received is to a different and I am asking for my money back that dress I cannot wear that


It took several tries to get the right fit. I bought the red and a black dress.  It's thick and I don't think it wrinkles too much. I'm taking this on my cruise.  It will be my simi formal dinner wear. I can't believe it fits me just like the pic shown.


Nice and feels dressy. The material is on the thicker side and heavier.  Feels well made.


Dress was bought for my 44 year old mother. She loved it! Many compliments.


It came very quickly which was very convenient just in case it didn't fit and I needed to send it back for another size. It fits almost perfectly...it's just a little bit too big. The shoulders look semi-awkward on me, but that's because it's a little big. I am keeping the size and not exchanging it for a new one only because this dress is for a banquet and I know that I am going to eat a TON of food so I don't want my little stomach bump to show through my dress once I'm done "feasting". Overall great quality and the material is soft, yet a little heavy. I feel like a million bucks in it!


This fits SO cute. The fabric isn't expensive or anything, but it's done well for the $20 you're spending on it. Worth it for a cute dress for work or play.


