I really loved the picture of this dress when I ordered it, however, when I got it and put it on, all I saw was how busty I looked in it.  My friends assured me it didn't come off that way to them, I still haven't worn it out in public yet.  I ordered a small and the back was a little too long (I'm 5'1").  Hopefully I'll find a reason to wear it and feel not so busty in it haha


Had to return due to size. I almost always wear a small, but I am busty and this just was to tight there. Awesome quality of the fabric.


I am waiting on the medium to come in the mail!


Arrived on time and in excellent condition as a brand new garment. Cannot wait to knock their socks off when I walk into the club wearing this über hot, little number!!


The dress was nice enough, but not what I was expecting from the picture.  It's a tight, stretchy fabric.  Got 2 sizes but neither fit my daughter.  Returning.


It's still a beautiful dress. But the boob area is tighter than expected so it doesn't hang off my shoulders like in the pic. I can wear them off my shoulders but it would be better if it fit flowy like in the pic!! Guess that's one of the curses of having DDD boobs 🤣🤣😂😂


Good for the money! It seemed like I had to pull down on the front a lot as it seemed to ride up. Also the burgundy color is a little off than what is advertised. I got a lot of compliments on it though


The only thing that didn't thrill me about this dress is there is elastic around the shoulder area, leading to kind of weird gathering around the neckline. Not awful. Just not ideal, aesthetically. It's a cute dress that leaves lots of options for accessorizing, and it's definitely worth the money.


Great dress! It doesn’t flow out like in the picture and it’s made more out of an athletic fabric type that stretches! I love it though and it looks great!


I ordered this yesterday and it got here today early morning. I read reviews and most of them were positive so I said hey why not? This dress is absolutely similar and gorgeous. I'm glad that I'll be able to wear it whenever I want really. I'm 5'7 and 200lbs and the extra large was a perfect fit. Hope this review helps you make the decision to buy this dress cause it's a total steal for the price!


I really wanted to like this item but it ran too short in the front that I was self-conscious to wear this in public. I had to return this item.


