Really cute dress. Solid material. Wore it to sorority recruitment today and everybody loved it. The color is as shown and the length is just right. The only problem I had was trying to find a bra thay wouldn't stick out because of the thin/tight material. In addition, there are 2 awkward sewed spits to the left and right of the chest area, so the dress isn't completely smooth. Not a big deal tho.


Very comfy dress and great material but I won't be able to wear it. I have a long torso so have trouble finding "short" dresses that aren't too short. Was hoping this one would work! I wouldn't recommend going up a size for the added length because then it would be too baggy through the torso/chest. Would be a perfect dress for someone with longer legs and shorter torso!


I absoluetly love this dress, it fits great and the material is awsome. Really great quality material was used to make this dress, its not see through or has any thread unravaling or hanging. Good buy you would not be disappointed at all.


Material is good, thick and comfortable.  The top runs small.  I wore this to a wedding and received many compliments.  It looks classy.


I wish I've gotten a size smaller to get it adjusted in my torso but It still worked. Material is thicker than what expect it and heavy feeling. Other than that get ready for the stares, just beautiful and eye catching


I bought this dress for the khaki ball. We are navy. I absolutely love the dress! I got a lot of compliments on it. I might actually buy it in another color as well.


What you get is not what you expected!! First of all the color is off. I order the brigh yellow but what I got was more of a yellow orange color. The size were a little bigger then expected.


I am beyond happy with the way this dress fits, the beautiful Rosy color and the comfortable stretchy material. I'm a 36C and normally a size medium in shirts. The size medium fit me perfectly. You don't have to worry about the bottom because the flare of the dress gives it ample space. Absolutely recommend!


I absolutely loved this dress and did everyone else!! I’m 5’4 and about 125 and I got the small. It hugged so tight, perfect to show off my curves! Little bit see through, but barely honesty.


Nice dress. I wore it with a pair of brown boots and it looked cute. The dress is very comfortable. I think that I will dress it up next time that I wear it. Maybe black pumps and a pearl necklace.


