This dress is gorgeous and fits so nicely on me. I will war it on a cruise for the captain's dinner night. I cannot wait. It looks like the picture. I am 5'5 200 lbs and it came to the middle of my thighs in the front. Gives a nice shape to the body. It's a must buy. I would buy in all colors.


This dress is amazing. I'm 5'7" and about 150. I bought a medium and it fits like a glove.


I wasn't sure what to expect from this dress. There was one review when I bought it, but now that I have it, I cannot stop wearing it. Fabric is amazing, everything fits with a medium, and I didn't have to spend a lot of money. 11/10.


(5'5" 37 bust 32 waist)


The dress looks nice on the picture, but once I got it OMG it looked like someone made it in their home economics class. Very very cheaply made. Material was cheap too. I didn't expect a lot for the price but I did expect some simblance of quality. The dress also had a chemical order. I sent the dress back the next day. It wasn't even worth trying on. I selected somewhat small only because I had to select something to write the review. The dress appeared too short in the front fior my long legs. I would not recommend.


Super pissed, because it fit perfectly and was really cute, and an hour into wearing it the Zipper broke off, leaving a huge hole on the side. Only had the chance of wearing it once. If the zipper wasn't poorly made I would've given this a 5 star because it's amazing material (other than the zipper) adorable on, perfect length and fit!! Really wish I could get another one with the promise that the zipper won't give me a wardrobe malfunction!


Dress arrived with a broken zipper. Very obviously broken which leads me to believe that this dress was not inspected. Returning for a refund.


It was very awful I hated the dress. So much. I had to get a new one from a store. , it was not accurate  y o picture


It is not as well-constructed as pictured. And the red is brighter. Most likely a cheap knock off of someone else's design but not a very good forgery. But the fabric and sewing seem of moderate quality.


A disappointment. Material is super cheap. The front hem comes up way too high in the front, practically indedent. I totally don't understand the good reviews. Ugh.


I never wear dresses but wanted somthing nice to wear for my birthday in a few weeks. I love this dress, and will definitely be buying a few more colors! :)


