It's a really cute dress but  sadly it didn't fit on me. I ordered size medium and it was extremely big and large. I'm 5.2', 130 lbs, size 27 in pants, i'm normally small but there were no reviews and I know sometimes asian clothes runs small, so I decided to go one size up. WRONG! I should bought size small or maybe xsmall in case there were. Anyway, it's a nice material, and the color was very nice, i ordered the rose one and it looks like fucsia.


totally loved it. fits perfectly and so so pretty.


Love this dress


This dress is not at all what I expected... I feel the seam for the waist is up far too high (and rounded up, YIKES) and is not flattering on me AT ALL lol I had planned on adding a belt anyway though and it was needed. Not sure if I will wear it for what I had planned it for but I will definitely be wearing it to one of the Christmas events this year. The sleeves did not sit wear it was meant to but maybe if I had ordered a size up they would..?


It's not really for tall girls. Very short in the front


I got this dress for my birthday, courtesy of a grandmother, and it's lovely. The color (purple) is very true to the picture, and the same can be said for the length. Although it's a nice dress, I do have two issues with it... You will most likely need to iron the skirt, as it wrinkles easily, and the sleeves continuously try to slide up my shoulders. All in all, it's a wonderful, vibrant dress, especially for the price.


The quality is good! I love it! I bought 4 to make it more attractive and it ALWAYS draw attention and makes my car looks more feminine.LOVE THIS!


Absolutely fantastic, I wore the dress to the miss America pageant this weekend and everyone ranted about how good I looked!


I was underwelmed by this dress unfortunately.  It just looked put 2gether using a McCall's pattern. The material was more substantial than what I expected but the end result wasn't great. Fits as expected and the green color I ordered looked exactly like the color I received. I didn't keep the dress.


I bought this dress for a wedding I was attending and it fit so perfect. I got a lot of compliments on it. It was so comfortable and the high low part was so pretty! No defects or anything. Delivery was super fast I received it within a few days!


