The material is nice in that it's slightly stretchy but doesn't look cheap and doesn't look like a knit. If you are bustier, you may want to consider ordering a size up.  The color was true to the image.  My only misgiving is that the front is quite a bit shorter than what I had expected, coming to just below mid-thigh and I would have preferred it to come down just another inch or two.  Still, it is really pretty and thankfully, I'll still make it work for what I need by adding some strategic underskirting, similar to a petticoat but following the high-low cut of the dress.  Overall, I think it's good quality, forgiving material, and easily dressed up or down depending on the occasion.


I bought this for my daughter to wear to a birthday party. She loved it.  The material was a little heavy but she said it wasn't too hot.  The length in front is just the right length.  Not too short for a teenager. Plus she said it is great for dancing since the skirt spins!


This dress is cute!  I bought it to wear to an event but ended up wearing something else because the weather changed and it would have been too cold for this dress.  The dress can be worn on or off the shoulders. I returned it....but I'm thinking I should have kept it for another time....


Bought this for a bachelorette party. Im 5'5 160 pounds and I git a large. Fit perfect and felt great. Material is decent quality as well.


Based of answers many people tgold me to geyg the small. It was to tight in the chest. I'm a 36d I shoulmd have went with my gut anbd got the medium


It fit just as expected! I am normally a size 18 so I went ahead and ordered a 2x and it for just great. I didn't need to use the zipper at all I was able to just slip it on and off.


This product gets five stars. It is well-made! great material I bought a medium and I am 5 foot 9 and 154 pounds large on top (DD) and I could not be any happier with this dress ... I bought the Blue and may order the Red or Black now.


Heavier quality material than expected, and it looks like it does in the picture. It stretches, but not  too much -- just enough. I have a larger chest, and it fits just fine. The arms are also comfortable. It does fit your body closely from the top to the waist, but then flairs out.


I returned. The dress was VERY short in the front (i'm 5'3" with a short torso) so much so that I wouldnt feel comfortable wearing it in public, and I wear some short dresses.  The stitching around the collar was also not done well, looked home made


I ordered a large and my sister who is a size small can't even it into this dress. Very disappointed.


