Fit small so unfortunately I had to return it. I did not order replacement but the company refunded me 100% and it was a very simple process. No trouble at all.


I read plenty of the reviews prior to purchasing so I didn't expect perfection. It isn't at all an "off the shoulder" style dress as pictured. There is a few loose strings here and there but the fabric is pretty thick and seems good quality for the price (I expected worse) I'm 5'4 125lb the medium fit fine


A little tight around the rib cage but the large would probably have been too big. The front was a bit on the short side so might not be the best choice for a wedding or event where you may be dancing lol.


I like it


I'm 5'4", 36DD, size 10 pants, 160lbs and curvy. I ordered the Medium. It fits nicely - snug across my top, but it is very flattering. I bought this in 5 more colors because I loved the look of it so much. :D


OMG , buy it. sexy, comfy,classy,and fun.  Fits great feels great I want to go dancing baby! add accessories!  I chose a red watch, a red velvet choker, long red earring, hair up ,  red high f-me pumps. LOVE IT. everything from Amazon where else


Description said color could be slightly lighter or darker. But when we got it, the color was extremely off. It was supposed to be a bright sunshine yellow-- instead it was a very dark brownish yellow, Like brown mustard.


Also we knew it was a polyester blend. We assumed it would be a stiffer fabric. Instead it was very much like spandex shorts or bathing suit material. It was a bit clingy but it was nice and flowy. The material was also a bit thicker so thankfully it was not see thru.


The dress is cute but I guess it wasn't as flattering on me as I expected. The waist portion is too plain for any of the other styles on the top and bottom to come through. Would look good maybe if I were skinnier around my waist. I am a size 4 and got the Small. It fit perfect.


One interesting thing about the dress is you can not make it off shoulder and just lift up the sleeves to make it look like a regular wide neck dress and it still looked decent.


I got the purple and it’s really pretty. Material is thicker and nice feeling. However, I am small chested and it looks weird in the front. Oh and the high part in the front is WAY too high. I’m 5’6 and usually wear a 6/8 and ordered the medium. Might fit other body types better. I’ll be returning!


The fit is “ok.” The one star is for the color. Pic vs reality. Was expecting a Christmas green not a teal


Beautiful dress, fits a little big. Adore the way it flatters my big figure. Make sure you size it appropriately. I'm 5'6" 190 lbs and it fit large on me. Would have gone down one more size if I'd have known better.


