I ordered based on the other reviews and pictures, wasn't quite sure how it would fit. It's fitting but also has some stretch to it. I am 5'9 165 lbs and a fit build(I workout consistently). I got a Medium and it fits perfect


I was really excited about this dress because of all the positive reviews, so I was surprised at how much I didn't like the dress when I received it. I ordered it in white to wear as part of a Halloween costume. Maybe the colored dresses are better, but, despite its "thick" material (which, I admit, I was impressed by at first), the white one is completely see-through. I can totally see my bra and my skin through the fabric. Also, the front of the dress is extremely short. Thankfully it gets longer as it wraps around which makes it wearable, but I am going to have to be cautious dancing in this dress haha. I'm 5'7" and the front center part of the dress is only a few inches below my crotch. But maybe it will hang longer on girls who aren't curvy like I am? I will say, I ordered a size based on my measurements and the fit is great, aside from the length. The waist falls nicely and is flattering. The sleeves don't stay low on my shoulders as much as the girl in the product photo, they landed more like right below my shoulders, higher up. I think I would like this dress a lot more if it was in black or a darker color, because aside from the length and the see-through material I really like the fit. So perhaps the colored dresses are the way to go - all the girls who posted pics in them looked lovely!


I got my order yesterday. I thought I got the wrong item but it is not only incorrect size. The dress looks different on the picture and the material is cheap. I order medium size but I got large but even with large the dress is so tight on the top I can’t even wear if I will, it will break. It is not stretchable. I have to try so many times because why large can’t fit on me I’m not even big. I only wear size medium. I’m not going to bother returning because being here in remote area in Alaska I have to pay for shipping and it is not worth it. It’s a crap.


I loved this dress! It came very fast and fit great. I ordered this for my college graduation photos and it looked AWESOME in the pictures! Love love love!


My friend ordered this dress in black and it looked really cute, so I ordered it in bright blue for myself. The fabric is slinky and while the black hid it well, the blue had a cheap look to it. I like the off-shoulder sleeves but on me the high/low cut looked silly. I didn't hate it, but I decided to return it. The M fit me (5'6" and 140 lbs) if that helps!


This is attractive, but requires a curvy hourglass body type. or someone stick figure skinny and the dress would be flowy in spots.


Im a very average, but athletically shaped 5’7 160 with an average chest size and it just looked super boxy on me.


Im sure if i had a belt or wrap around scarf, maybe lots of long necklaces to break up the square shaped top it would be ok- it just wasnt made for me. Also, the front is wayyy shorter than I expected- just warning you it’s not for a family affair or wild dancing.


Great though, just pay attention to your body shape.


Loved the dress, it was kind of short in the front the only bad thing I have to say about dress. I wore it for graduation & I looked amazing. Probably gonna buy more


Amazing dress...kind of wish I'd have gone down a size but is flattering and comfortable while maintaining modesty. My legs look great in it. If I had gone a size down it would have probably been way too short. I am 6 ft. tall and 42 ddd, the xxl is just long enough in front to be tasteful. The top hugs enough to show off figure but leaves enough room to allow for true off-the-shoulder look without a constant struggle. I also like the coverage provided up top. It's sexy without being sleazy.


Bought this for an upcoming Christmas party. Have only tried it on. It is a little long for me but I am short. 5'1", 150 lbs, so I will be sure to wear heals to set it off. I love the fit,it does feel a little heavy but is great.


Update on the dress it had lines that looked like creases in it and I thought washing and ironing it would have solved the problem but it didn't so do watch for that. Returning my dress,though it is a nice dress I'm still rating it at a 4 star.


I'll try to add a picture later...


This dress fits great. I'm only 5'0" and this dress didn't seem too long or short on me. I thought it was flattering. The back flares out a bit and the waist line drops in the right place (for me). It has some weight to it, and thankfully didn't need ironing. The off the shoulder stayed put. I wasn't doing much raising my arms but i was still happy that it didn't slip with every movement.


I actually wore it without a bra and didn't have any indecent parts showing. Overall great party dress


