This was a nice find. It was a splurge buy but I saw the dress and thought two things:


1. It's cute


2. It's only $20 so why not?


I am impressed that the material doesn't feel super cheap but pretty decent. It's not too heavy and it fits really well. Really pretty to wear and I like it.


After reading the reviews and looking at the whole information page, I decided to buy this. People loved it, saying it's soft and light and cute... Yes, it's cute, but heck if it was light. Just holding the dress, it had to have weighed at least 3 to 4 pounds by itself. Very heavy material. Also very snug in the bust area, and the seam in the middle kept riding up. Still cute, though.


I ordered this dress just to have a little black dress in my closet and when I tried it on I now cannot wait to wear it somewhere.  I got the xl, i'm 5"2 about 160 it fit awesome! Slim through the waist and flair just like the pic.  Super sexy, you will love.  Delivery was fast.  The material is nice too, a thicker but not uncomfortable stretchy cotton.  Can't believe the price for what I got, happy with my purchase.


I typically wear a 14, and I bought a XL. I could have worn the L for fit, but I have plenty of junk in the trunk, so the XL was the perfect length. Love it.


My daughter wears a small. It could’ve been taken in just a tad. But worked perfectly and she looked beautiful on stage in it!


This dress is not meant for people with a large bust. I could not zip it up. I thought the material was going to have a little more give to it and it did not. The material was not what I expected and was cheap.


I bought this for my little sister to where to homecoming. I had read in other reviews that I should order a size up, however it ended up to large. I think it would have been perfect if I had just gone with the original size.


Nice quality fabric. It fits somewhat small but my daughter who is a size smaller than me loved it. I gave it to her so it worked out well. If I were to re order one for my self I would go a size bigger.


VERY cute dress. Looks exactly like the photo. I am 5'3 and 115 lbs and typically wear size 0 pants and xs tops and the small fit be great. The top has lovely elastic in it so it stays really nicely on your shoulders. A TAD long on me in the back if anything but that's because I'm 5'3, so I bet this would look stunning on some taller ladies out there as well. Color was exactly as pictured (this red maroon color). Really pleased with this dress!


The material looks cheap and the top portion was too big.


