If it would have fit right it would have been awesome. Ordered the 2xl for a woman who normally wears 2xl in clothes from Torrid and Lane Bryant, (22/14)but this fit more like a XL (14/16). Promptly returned for refund


Great little dress- thick fabric and has some stretch, will fit a variety of body types- i am tall, 5’10” and a size 4 - i got a small, it’s short in the front but cute and flirty and not in danger of flashing- highly recommend for the price, and if you’re shorter it’d still look just as cute at the knee because of the high low. I got red, the color is great too


Bought this for my daughter am doing she loves it. I’m not the biggest fan; however she is. Looks like picture no more no less. I price was nice and the quality appears decent.  The 6 is because the recipient loves the product.


The dress you will get will NOT!!! be this one you see. The actual dress you get is of VERY poor fabric quality. Looks extremely cheap, not elegant as you see in the picture. Save your time and effort, don't bother ordering this dress.


perfect or my 25th birthday. I had a blast in this dress!!!! the waistline is kind of awkward but a chunky belt fixes that right up!!


I should have ordered a medium, it fits a little bigger than I expected. I used a broach to gather the back to fit better. Otherwise the dress is really cute and comfortable and I received a lot of compliments when I wore it.


I love this dress!  I wore it to a Vegas show and it was cute and so comfortable!  Fits true to size. I only gave 4 stars because I prefer lined garments, but you can't beat the style for that price!  I'm gonna order another color!


I love this dress! I am 5'8" and 140, the medium fits perfectly. It is very slimming, it is just a little snug in the shoulders since I have a broad chest. I plan on buying it in multiple colors, it is a great value and perfect for weddings!


so much cuter on then when you just hold it up! I got lots of compliments! I have a big booty so it was nice not having to worry about it being to short when I got it on or worry about bending over. I got the XL and weigh 200 lbs and am 5 ft 7


My wife bought this dress for my holiday party. The dress was so comfortable and the fitting was great. She loved how it swayed when she danced. It is a great dress for the price! She's  planning on buying my daughter one too.


