Love the high low hemline of this dress. At 5'2", 120, the length was fine and it fit well. The images make it look like this dress will run straight across the top, but  the "sleeves" on the actual item sit a little higher, which I thought looked weird. Not bad, just not what I was looking for. I know it's a cheap dress, but the material was more lightweight than I was expecting. It's possible I just received the wrong color, but I ordered the red, and it was much brighter than the image suggested. More fire engine red than burgundy. This one was returned.


The dress looks good,fits as expected and is suitable for the event I have in mind.


The only slight disappointment, is the colour, It is not as rich as seen in the photo, but it's livable and still looks very good.  I would recommend purchase to anyone.


This dress is gorgeous on full-figured women.


I also liked the packaging, was not too bulky for international shipping and the dress arrived in good time after purchase was made.


Fantastic buy.


I didn't even know where to begin with the "how does this product fit" because this dress was all over the place.  It was huge at the waist/belly area and made me look like I was wearing a potato sack.  It had the right fit at the chest.  But then it was wayyyyyy too short in the front, almost like I had ordered a child's dress or something, so that almost made me inclined to say it ran too small.  For reference, I'm 5'6", 145 lbs, bust 36", waist 27.5", hips 38".  You'd never guess in this dress that my waist was any smaller than my hips though!  It did not look at all like the picture on me and would not have worked, no matter the size.


I wasted a good chunk of money on this costume. It doesn't fit like or resemble the picture at all. I will be returning this immediately and I want my money back as soon as possible. Waste of money and time!


Horrible. The material feels like the cheap dance leotards I used when I was a dancer. And the size was super small, I didn't even bother trying it on. Mainly because I hated the material and in miami with the hot humid weather, that was not going to work for me.


It was so lovely in the pics, but looked a bit different when we received it.  My granddaughter is tall and slender.  Built like the model on the page.  She was disappointed as after measuring her and looking at the description of the sizes and how to figure out which one to get, it was too big.  Especially around the chest..and it was bulky.  Nothing like the photos


Loved this dress, flattering and lots of compliments.  Will probably order again in another color.


I usesize small in US, But I ordered size Large as I know those I know products are usually smaller than actual size. However this dress has no label, no brand, no size tags on it. Making quality is bad, chest flat design- is for teenage. I think this is not standard clothing company. I would like to buy something reliable and fit. Price is cheap, but it's wasted money. I would like tell buyer that don't waste your money.


Dress very nice.  However, I would suggest that you hire models that do not have their HAIR ALL OVER THE TOP OF THE PRODUCT BE IT A TOP, SHIRT OR DRESS.  WE CANNOT SEE THE PRODUCT.  WE ARE NOT BUYING HAIR STYLES.  I WOULD LIKE TO SEE THE PRODUCT.  Thanks.  This is a fault that most of your ladies products have,  we cannot see the top of the dress, blouse, jacket, etc.  Please correct this it would be very helpful.


This arrived today and I love it! The color is a little brighter than expected but not too bright. The material is soft and stretchy, a little thicker like a lot of the other reviews but not too thick. Just feels like good quality to me. I'm 5'7 and a half and this was not too short and I love how it's longer in the back. Very nice, would definitely recommend!


