Do NOT waste your coins.  Material feels cheap and fails to even remotely look as pictured.  I was very dissatisfied.  I have made SEVERAL Amazon clothing purchases, and this was by far the worst.  I purchased the purple, which was significantly cheaper than the other colors, so quite possibly that had something to do with the product I received.  I have never purchased the brand Sidefeel, and I can tell you that I definitely will not purchase this brand again.


Love this dress, super flattering, got a lot of compliments! Also great that it's so simple so you can dress it up with accessories. I am petite/short, but overweight in the mid section and busty and this is super flattering with the heavy soft material, it hangs just the right way. Not as short on me as pictured, hits more just above knee (probably bc I ordered a L and am only 5 1 weighing 200). Highly recommend, great price too for the quality!


I am about 170 lbs, 5'5" tall, with a 38D bra size, and according to the size chart I should have been an XL, but I decided to order the L and XL just in case, as I needed the dress for an event and wouldn't have time to return/exchange if the size didn't work. The large ended up being much better.


I love it!! I ordered a size up and it fits perfectly


Its a cute dress. I am 5' 7", it is a little short on me and the shoulders are a bit tight but I kept the dress since it is a very nice piece and can deal with the shortness. The fabric is nice and light but not enough to the point i would be afraid to wash it. The color matches exact so i am pleased and the overall fit and design is worth the price paid.


This was so worth the price and more! Something that can be made into what YOU make it. Its not cheap looking and I'm a black woman with all types of junk in my trunk and this dress does it justice. Its not all tight and over fitted. It fits like the picture. I'm smaller on top so I have to take it in a touch but not much. I could wear it as is.


love the style of this dress but it was a bit too small in the chest area. I'll have to alter this. Fabric quality is great, and it's comfortable to wear aside from the chest issue. Wish I ordered a size up. Otherwise, great dress and would tell a friend to buy it (if they had a smaller chest).


Amazing dress . I'm 5'4, 225Lbs and I ordered a XL and fit perfectly and gave me a little extra curves , perfect for those who don't want their belly love handles showing or tight


The material was way too hot and way too thick for a summer dress. You will sweat just trying it on in an air conditioned room. Highly not recommended as a summer or warm weather dress.


It's not the best, nicest material but I have definitely seen worse.  Bought it for a cocktail party/fundraiser event but did not wear it.  I would not wear it to a cocktail party, because it's way more casual than it looks in the picture.  It would work for a night out on the town or wear it during the day with some sandals.


