Ordered this in an XL (usually order things L) after reading reviews and I have to say this fits true to size because the XL was a bit too big for me. I returned this item because it was much shorter than I had anticipated even in the XL


This dress met all my expectations! I wanted a dress that sorta covered my arms since I'm a little on the heavier side and this dress did it. Received a lot of compliments. The material is also nice. Not Cotten. Definitely recommend if you're looking for a nice cheap dress!! I am about 5'0 and weight 220.


I'm roughly 5'10 with an athletic build. I have narrow hips and not a large rear end. Judging by the picture I was hoping this dress would give me some what of an illusion that I did have wider hips and rear however it just laid flat down my body.  It was also a little too tight in the middle. I wasn't too impressed.


I purchased a medium based on the measurements and other reviews. It fit me perfectly, it was comfortable and the color was great. However, I am short/stocky (I am 5'-3") the back side of the dress looked awkward on me. With the skirt being longer it the back, it made me look shorter. This dress was really cute and it fit great but I ended up returning it. it just was not flattering to my legs.


Fit just like I wanted! A little snug if you have big boobs, but other than that it's great!


I am happy with the dress for what it is. I haven't actually wore it yet but I did try it on as soon as it arrived to show my fiance. He said it looked nice. I was a bit concerned after seeing some of the reviews, but I am satisfied with it. It isn't a top of the line dress but it is definitely worth the $20 versus paying $50-100 for a similar dress at the store.


It was a great and beautiful dress but I didn't order the right size and even then I just don't think I have the body for this style of dress. If it was a longer high low I think I could have gotten away with it but due to how short I am mixed with an exaggerated hourglass figure the dress bunched up at my waist and looked weird. I also don't think this dress was exactly like the picture.


This is so flattering for a curvy gal. A pair of spanx and I could do the large but I went with the XL. I currently wear a 14-16. I am so happy with the feel of the material and it can really be dressed up or down. The longer back is dramatic and elegant and gives us gals with junk in the trunk a little extra length with out taking away from the slimming effect of the shorter front. I will definitely order this in another color.


I can't believe how amazing this dress is.  I wore this to a Valentine Gala and women in $300 ( I know this because one woman was angry to see someone else wearing the same dress and said "I paid $300 for this.  I'm returning it to Nordstrom immediately"!) gowns were complimenting me.  I ordered a size large.  I'm 5'7" and 182lbs.  The material stretches slightly for a perfect fit but still has some hold to it so nothing jiggles, if that makes sense.


I ordered this dress for a work party and I was incredibly surprised by the quality. It's a thick material that could probably withstand spills and snags. The top half was a little bit snug, therefore the sleeves didn't exactly "fall" off my shoulders but they set just perfectly on the corner of my shoulders. If you're a bit bustier I would recommend going up a size. This dress was also very comfortable, I will definitely wear it again. I'm typically quite picky when it comes to my clothing but this dress was a win. I'm about 5'3" and ordered a small.


