I love this dress! It is so comfortable and the quality is great. It has a wrinkle resistant type material. I wore this to a wedding and got tons of compliments. I wear a women's size 10 and ordered the medium and it fit perfectly.


Fit everywhere except in length. I am tall and have a chest, the dress was lovely but returned because it was way too short & revealing in the front. I would have had to wear pants with it so I returned it.


The back length was perfect. It's a shame because other than front length, it was a perfect little dress.


A little small, but once I lose a few lbs it will fit very nicely. I'm 5'4, 180 lbs so I'm on the heavier side but the medium I ordered was still pretty flattering


I got a small and it's a little big in the chest. I'm 5'4" and 96 lbs, I don't have to unzip it to put it on. It's a 95/5 polyester/ spandex blend. I had no quality issues or shrinking after washing (in cold water)


 and drying (high heat)


Had to return this- the proportions were all wrong- some places way too big others way to small.


Fabric seemed like a nice quality.  It was so tight in my chest I could hardly breathe, and the front is so short I would have flashed the world if I wore it.


For you petite & less chesty girls, go for it.  It's super cute.


I wasn't a fan of this dress. The material was not flattering. It clung to me so that you could see every flaw, and the design was cheaper looking than in the photos. May look better on bustier women but I'm only an A.


I love it! I bought it for a wedding in the 7th. Originally, it wansn't going to  get here till  the 5th,  and I  was worried  about finding  something if it was late or didn't fit.  Fortunately,  the delivery date changed to the 30th, so there would be plenty of time. When it got here, it fit just like it should- most times, when ordering online, the clothes run 2-3 size too small. I was extremely pleased! And, the material is very sturdy.


I bought this dress for my sister who is going to be a bridesmaid in my wedding. I felt like the material wasn't what I expected it to be and the front of the dress was a little to high for her. It's pretty but not quite what I had in mind. It came fast and my brother in law loved it on her so she might keep it for a date night.


Very cute dress and looks as shown in the photograph. The material is very thick and better quality than a simple dress you'd find at Forever 21 or H&M. I was comfortable all night and there's a zipper on the side for convenience. Since the fabric could stretch nicely, I didn't need to use it.


