I love it


I ordered this dress for my 37th Birthday it was perfect! I ordered an XL! I am 5'6 and 212lbs. I will be ordering other colors!


Love it! A little big in chest area (but I'm small up top) I am 5'1 105 lbs and and I'm pleased with the way it fits and looks for the cost. Color was spot on!


I bought this dress last minute for a graduation party, and let me tell you it did not disappoint!


Fit- I'm 5'2" 130 pounds with 34DD's I ordered a size medium. It fit perfectly. It was tight on top and the drop sleeves stayed (mostly) in place. If you have a smaller bust the sleeves may rise more. It's 95% polyester 5% spandex so there is some stretch to it.


The material was soft and thicker than I expected. When I took it out of the bag it did smell like a factory, so I sprayed it down heavily with frebreeze (I would've washed it but it was a last minute buy)


Color- I ordered the Blue and it was a beautiful color, just like the photo.


I honestly received so many compliments from the dress and when people I told them I bought it off of amazon they were shook. They couldn't believe that such a great product came from online and was literally only $20. It's a dress I can see myself wearing again to weddings or other semi formal events.


If you're on the fence about this one; go for it!


Beautiful dress. The color is exact.


Great dress for the price! Got many compliments at my cousins sweet 16. I am usually a dress size 18/20 so I ordered a 2xl. I'm larger in the chest so it was just slightly snug in that area but the stretch in the fabric maintained its comfort. 4 stars solely because there was a one inch area on the neckline where the stitching was tangled. It can be easily fixed so not a huge deal. Overall very satisfied.


I'm a size 10-12, 5'5, 38B chest. I ordered the XL being unsure about others being too small, but I could have probably gone with a large maybe even a medium. still, better for the dress to be too big than too small~ it's super cute BUT the material is SO HEAVY and it's awkwardly long in the back


This dress was a cheap fix. But a great cheap fix. The material wasn't all that great. But not noticeably when you have it on.  And the neck line  was a little bit big. While I was sitting at a dinner table if my shoulders were relaxed and leaned forward to eat my boobs were hanging out. I'm a 34 D. I had to keep adjusting and fixing Bc I became self conscious. But over all it was pretty and fit well I bought a large  and my bust is a 40 waist is a 34 and hips 41ish so it was complementary to my figure. I bought a Lg and XL Bc I couldn't afford any mishaps and I ended up keeping the L. It hugged well around my breast but at the very top of neckline was a little loose. I want it in red  I might try the medium this time around.


This dress is really cute. The red is a bright red and the off shoulder section isn't awkward. The fabric and the fit is just so that I can get away with no bra because let's face it, strapless bras are the devil.


I love it! The color is just as it appears on the picture and the material is thick, not cheap looking. I will order more of these dresses in the future and try to upload a picture when I wear it.


**update: I ordered a yellow one first then I ordered a red one, ❤️ It


