Beautiful dress and fits great! Quite heavy material. Slimming fit. My measurements are 34,28,35, 5ft 4"., 118 Ibs. Upper arm girth 10 1/2".


Packaging was well done and arrived as promised. I ordered and XL and I am a size 12/14 in a dress, 5'3 and 185lbs. 38DDD and narrow hips. It fits nice and is comfortable. It is a bit longer in the front on me than the model in the pic. I had no issues with the fit. The dress has a hidden side zipper and I didnt need it. I just pulled it on over my head. The only thing I dont like is the seam in the middle between the top and skirt.


The material is rough polyester and it didn't hang well on my body.  I found it a little small but could also be due to the material not having a lot of give.  This dress looks really cute on the model and even on the girls in the pics, but I found it to be cheap and uncomfortable.  Cute style and color though!  If you don't mind scratchy poly then you may enjoy.


My daughter is a jr size 13. She is just under 6', so consider that when looking at pic. She loved it. Of course I wish the front was a longer. :-) But other than that the medium fit perfect. Simply made, but definitely nice for the price.


Somewhat heavy. Don't love waistline but I do like the dress. Wound up getting a different dress for the wedding I bought this for. Will wear it just not special enough for the wedding I'm going to


Very stylish dress. I bought it in blue, red and green.  The green is my least favorite out of the theee colors I purchased. I'm 5'3" 135 and the medium fits nicely. I probably could have gotten a small but I'm happy with the fit.


I never buy anything offline because things fit me kind of weird I am 5 1 and 1/2 and 223 lb and this dress fits me great. My mom is super critical and she absolutely loves the dress on me. I got so many compliments at graduation on my dress. I waas feeling myself!! #thisdresshasafriendinme


*THOUGH the material is thick and soft. When you rub on it, like you waste something on it. It looks worn Which is odd.


Beautiful dress my girlfriend loves to wear it she says it feels very nice and strong it fits her perfectly and she loves how true the colors. Can’t go wrong for the price


I love this dress!! The color is perfect and the hi-low is so flattering. I am 5'2" and about 135lbs. I ordered a medium because I usually wear a medium. I love this dress!!


I absolutely loved this dress. This was the first time I ordered a dress from amazon and I am very happy with it. I ordered small size and it fit me well. I am usually a medium but since this fabric had some stretch I went for size small. Material is quite heavy and figure hugging but definitely not tacky.


