The dress turned out to fit really nice! I'm a 34DD and 5 feet flat.


It didn't fit me like I thought it would. The neckline was a lot higher up than it looks in the picture, and the dress was a lot smaller than expected. I ordered a medium. I am 5'3 and 135lbs. I normally fit a small size at places like Target, and ordered a size up thinking it would fit. The dress was very tight. Maybe if It didn't hug my bra muffin fat and make me look worse and was a size up, it'd fit a little nicer. I was really excited about this dress, and was bummed it looked aweful on me.


It fits perfectly for me. I bought this dress for my engagement photo shoot. I like it a lot. My height is 5 ft and 118lbs, so I order small size. It was perfect. About the quality, you get what you paid for which is wasn't bad. The material a little bit stretchy.


The back tail is pretty long, and I'm a pretty little lady... I like the dress, but would prefer if the length difference from front and back was a little less dramatic.


If you're tall or have longer legs, you'll look knockout in this for sure.


Cute dress! The fabric has a very spandexy feel though, and it came with quite a few loose threads which were easily cut off. Also, it is worth noting that this dress is VERY short, and I'm already on the short side! (We're talking, bend over juuuust a little and everrrrrything is on display for the world, short)


This does not fit like it was made for a person. 95% of this dress was too big and the armholes felt like they were child sized. Not a fan. This was returned.


I wasn’t expecting anything great in the way of material because I only spent $20 on it. That being said, this dress is PERFECT for the fall wedding I’m attending! Color was spot on. I’m 5’5”, about 150. The large was a good choice.


If you have breasts larger than a B cup, plan to go up a size. I'm 150lbs, 5'4", and I got a large. It fit mostly except my breasts were smashed down. If I was to wear any type of bra that gave lift, it wouldn't have fit at all. I exchanged for an XLarge and it fits great.


This dress is nice quality, beautiful color and the size fits as expected. The only reason I don't give it higher stars is only because it looks terrible on me, I have long legs, but wide hips so the tight empire waist and the high low skirt isn't flattering. If that also describes you, this might not be the best choice for you.


The quality is great, nice and soft! Color is what is pictured and is super comfortable! I went with this size and fits me like it does on the model. I'm 5'2 and 135. Would definitely get again in a different color!


