Absolutely love this dress!! Wore it to Nashville & got so many  complements !


Purchased a Large normally wear size 12/14 I am 5'2" and 183 lbs. fit was great and very comfortable.


Super cute! I wanted a really bright color for DC Black Pride party and this dress was perfect. I am 5'7" tall and 200 lbs and my dress fit great. It's comfy and stands out in a crowd.


I have a wedding on a cruise that I need to go and we have to wear yellow, red or blue. (It's a super hero themed party). I took a chance and ordered this dress because it looked cute and the reviews were great. This dress did not disappoint! It's cute and comfortable and is perfect! I'm 5'2 and wear a 6/8 and ordered a medium, especially since I'm busty. I ordered yellow and blue because I wasn't sure how it would look, and I'm going to go with the yellow for the wedding! Great dress!


I bought this dress for a wedding shower I had coming up. The shipping was very quick I got it within 2 days. However the dress was very very short in the front I am five foot five and a half inches tall 225 pounds I usually wear between a size 16 and 18 and I bought it in an XXL.


I was not going to wear the dress and return it however my husband love the dress on me when I tried it on.


 I felt like if I took my hand in the front of the dress and just brush the front of it up that everyone would see my HooHa.  I did receive a ton of compliments on the dress, and the material was a good material fit well was comfortable even in the heat the shoulders stayed in place the whole day however the color is not the color that they advertise in the picture but like I said my husband love the color on me so I kept the dress. Now I'm looking forward to wearing it again. I would definitely buy other dresses like this.  The buyer beware if you're taller than 5 foot 5 it will definitely show your hoo-ha.  Otherwise it is a gorgeous dress!


It fit great! I got a size large. When I buy dresses from the store I usually get a large or extra large. I'm 4-10 and 160 so I was worried how it would make me look and I was pleasantly surprised how flattering it was.


This dress was absolutely amazing for the Gala that I attended. I read the reviews and went up a size like most suggested. Will definitely wear this dress for any black tie affair. Adore this dress sorry I couldn't get a pic of the bottom part. It's kind of hard using the self timer and being short.


Very nice dress. I wear a 10  5'7  175lbs  and ordered a Large. Fits perfect.


The color was beautiful I loved it.


I bought this dress for my 8th grade graduation and I love it. The fabric was great and it fit perfectly. I did add a belt for my own personal preference but I liked it either way.


