This is a really great dress. The material is durable and sort of heavy so it has a nice hang and swing to it. The color is as pictured- a nice deep red. It was a little longer than I expected which really isn't a bad thing at all. I would certainly buy this dress in other colors!! I think it could be worn to any occasion and in any weather. Really REALLY great deal for the price.


I am so pleased with this dress! Great quality material. Very flattering fit.


I'm 5'11&160 lb. I ordered a large.


I was disappointed with this dress. I'm 5'10, but of average build, so I usually buy a size medium. I picked the color green, because it looked like a nice forest green. First impression: The green was too bright, being more of a jewel-tone than pictured. This wasn't too big of a deal, but it got worse. The material is thick, but appears cheap. Being a tall lady, the "high" part of the high-low hemline was much too short, barely covering anything important at all. It didn't stretch fully over my shoulders, causing the sleeves to draw up over my arms and making the dress appear to have more of a boat-neck neckline. It wasn't too tight, but the darts were in the wrong place. Overall, this dress is not a pretty color, and just wasn't designed with tall people in mind.


Pros:


-Might look alright if you're closer to 5'5


-Zipper works and sewing construction seems good


Cons:


-Colors falsely advertised


-Poorly proportioned for tall people


Honestly I would have loved this dress if it weren't for the weird fitting. It is stretchy and that should help make it a comfy fit. But I'm 170lbs 38D, and the top part feels off.  I believe I got the XL and others bigger than me said it fits  them perfectly so idk what's wrong with the one I received. The fabric feels great quality. The color is vibrant. I got the blue one. But, there were some lose stitching around the edges of the "neck" or should I call it the shoulder area. It's very noticeable. I also worry that if it continues to come off, that the edge will unravel. Idk about this one.


Okay so I loved this dress the day I got it and the first time wearing it... I made a mistake though and washed it and now its stained. My blue soap that I love due to its scent made a nasty stain all down the back botton and the front (this was after being super careful not to stain it while wairing due to me loving the yellow I ordered) I am now out 20 dollars and a wonderful dress and couldnt be more dissapointed. I plan on some day reordereing in a different color and using a clear soap to save me from this happening again but for now I am highly dissapointed.


These dresses normally look SOOOOOOO cute on me, but I was a little disappointed because this dress made me look REALLY hippy and wide.. I have an hourglass shape already and a flat stomach but this dress was just not flattering - I am plus sized and wear a size 18-20 and I ordered a 2x.. Another complaint I would have was that it was way too short in the front (and I'm short)... I couldn't have imagined being tall and wearing this dress... any sort of breeze would've definitely exposed your panties... This dress has and had so much potential... maybe for a petite small person...


Very cute. I am 5'2, DD through the chest. I usually wear a size large, sometimes medium. Dress fit well.


 This dress complemented my shape &  I received numerous compliments all night! I wore it for a wedding & now thinking about purchasing another in a different color.


I really did love this dress. I'm size 12, 38DD and the Large fit great. Unfortunately, the shortest part of the hem in the front was short for me. I'm 5'1 and it showed a little too much inner thigh. I would've worn this dress to a wedding, salsa dancing, for a holiday, but after I did the arm test (raising my arms) the dress rose even higher. Dancing with my husband and him turning me would be a disaster. ;) Had this dress been at least 2 inches longer in the front, I would have easily kept it and I would've been very happy to have it in rotation. Too bad :(


The color is the same as pictured and the fabric is nice. The top didn't fit quite right and I think if an XS was available in this color it would've been a better fit, but the small is passable. There are also two side seams that come towards the front and are visible from the front when wearing it but they are in two totally different places on each side and it's relatively noticeable. It's not a fantastic dress but given the fact it didn't cost an arm and a leg and it got here quick enough for my last minute event I'm fairly content.


