This dress has issues around the shoulder (top hem) area. It doesn't fit smoothly. We ordered two of these dresses one White and one Maroon or Wine colored. The White dress is see through material, not appropriate for a junior to wear to a school function. So, cheaply made, poor manufacturing and ill fitting. Sending back for refund on both.


Fit was okay.  The skirt part was nice.  The top part was off.  We ordered a purple but it looks more like maroon.  Not what we expected.  Returning it.


not flattering on someone thats a ruler shape. it can make you look larger from the front


The item is as pictured, I returned it however because the material was slightly smaller than what I was looking for


Love it! Very flattering. It has a zipper on the side (not on the back) and is pretty short in the front but not too short.  I had ordered a purple long version of this dress from this seller and it had a zipper in the back (which was kind of crocked) so I returned that one. I've ordered the large in all these dresses and they all fit perfect. For reference I'm 164lbs 5'5" 38D athletic build. Just tight enough up top so that I could go without a bra (but I personally wouldn't dare). There are other sellers who sell this same dress and this one is nice but the Sarin Matthews one has thicker material and better stitching. This color royal blue is beautiful and truly a royal blue so I'd recommend it over the purple color.I'll post pictures as soon as I can. The last pic is the purple Sarin Matthews brand so you can see the difference in the stitching/sewing


This dress is cute very comfortable and affordable. The only thing I dislike is it is a bit wide in the torso so it doesn’t look as tapered in that area as the picture. Other than that’s it’s great!


Great dress but it's just to short.  I'm 5'8" and don't need the works seeing all I have to offer


My niece looked beautiful in this dress! But I think she would look perfect in anything.  She dressed it out with some jewelry and cute heels


color is not as deep as the photo, and the fit has stretchy fabric, which makes it fit tighter than the measurements. looks best in the photo.


Oh my god this dress is my first and it's beautiful also, cute at the same time. I love this dress and going to get more dresses.


