I guess the dress design is great but I was expecting a darker color and I don't think it is the monitor fault.  I don't believe this is the same dress that I received.  I had so much happening in my life that I let the window lapse for return but I sure wish I could exchange if for another color. This dress was brought because it appeared to be the same color of my nephew's wedding but it was so far off I didn't wear it.


I ordered this dress for one of my daughter's for an event we were attending. It is ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL. She looked even more prettier wearing this dress. We LOVE it. She's 5'3 and weigh 165 lbs. I ordered her a size medium.


cheaply made. Bland and not very appealing. I wouldn't recommend to anyone..


The proportions were just strange on this one. The torso was small and the hi-lo hem was very exaggerated. The whole thing just looked super odd. Also, the elastic at the top was so poorly done it made the whole thing look very cheap


I really wanted to love this but...  The color is beautiful but the dress doesn't fit right.  It feels as if it is too large but it is not that large but just looks loose and messy.  The material is too soft, anything you wear under will show lines.  :(


Had to return this dress.  Even though I used the sizing guide it was a very small fit and the fabric was stiff.


i ordered medium red for a family Christmas dinner. I am in love with it. fit as expected which is perfect. im usually a medium so its true to size plus the fabric has stretch. Its a lovely christmas red, the off shoulders are comfortable.  i wish i can wear through the season!! will forward pics when i wear it.


Love the cut and style. I bought an XL in black and it was a little baggy. I plan to have it taken in. I later purchased one in yellow in L - this one wasuch tighter like a med and super short. I gave it to my daughter. I would definitely buy another if needed.


Fit okay!  The off shoulder is for people who are not built diff in parts of body.  I am proportioned all over but my arms are much larger and shoulders so I had to keep pulling down, overall dress was cute


I got many compliments on this dress and i was surprised it was made very well and the yellow is spot on the same tone as in the picture. After adding a small black and gold belt i was getting nods all day! love it!!


