Got this dress for my daughter. Loved it!!


My girl loved it.


Just received this dress and love it...I wear a size 14, weigh 230 and 6 feet tall so it's on the short side, but that's just the way I wanted it. I already have yellow on the way and will be ordered a few other colors now.


I'm pretty much against super clingy clothes but this is adorable. I got it for a fancy dinner date with my boyfriend, tried it on and it was an instant hit both with me and him. It's cute with booties, heels, or even Converse. The only thing I'm not super fond of is the neck hem -- which actually has a small hem instead of being seamless like I had assumed. Overall it's super cute and you can dress it up or dress it down.


So beautiful! I was worried the red wouldn't match the image and would be 'redder' if that makes any sense. It's 100% correct to the image and it's so beautiful! I don't wear it completely off the shoulder like pictured by the model, but I like how it looks when it's resting on my shoulder. Very mature and lovely! If you're waffling on it like I was, go ahead and take a chance. You'll very likely be glad you did.


Not my favorite style dress. While the material of the dress was soft it was definitely pretty thin feeling though not see through. Unfortunately, thanks to my shortness (I'm 5' 2"), the dress was just too long on me.  Also the waistline on the dress has these two stitched lines that go around the dress and on me it sat awkwardly too high so it didn't give me the normal hourglass shape I have. However, I still think it's worth a shot if you're interested as it looks great on my friend who is slightly taller but bigger in the bust than me!


I was surprised by the material the dress was made out of. Much nicer than I thought.


The stitching on the chest area was off however. It makes my chest look lop-sided. I usually wear a small or medium, dress size 6, 5'8 and 145lbs, 32DD and ordered a small thinking it would fit because of the reviews I read.


Its a bit snug on me where my arms and tummy are. I would definally stay true to size. The length was good however.


Overall not a great but or an awful one. It will do.


I really like this dress. The material seems kind of heavy though. It fits well and was perfect for my event.


If I could give this product less than zero stars I would,I have never been so disappointed,the material was of awful quality,it was poorly  sewn together,the stitching was not even,I don't expect it to look exactly like the picture,but it looked nothing at all like what they show,  my mouth feel open when I open the package in disbelief,awful,awful,awful,( I only gave it one star because I had to at least give it 1,but it definitely does not deserve any stars at all)


If you have the right measurements this dress would be cute (nice quality fabric). I'm 5'5, 130 lbs and 32DD. I ordered a medium which is typically what I wear. The chest fit fine but the waist was huge. I felt like it was just draped on me - it could have used some darts to tailor it more. I thought about going down to a small but the fabric didn't have a lot of stretch so I decided against it. The sales picture is so cute I really wanted the dress to work out but ultimately I ended up returning it.


