Love this dress! I wore it for my bachelorette party!


Hey guys, April here (shared account). I ordered this dress to wear to an event but even though it got here when it was promised, I could not wear this to the event I was attending....it is shorter than it appears. Not incredibly short, but shorter than I thought. I am keeping it but if you want it to fit you right, you might want to order 1 size up than what you normally wear just to be safe. I wore another dress as a back-up for the event because this dress was not the right choice for the event I attended.


I Loooove this dress. I ordered after reading so many reviews, and im glad i bought it. I choose blue color, and it's so bright and so deep, beautiful color. I picked a XXL and fit perfect. I'm 5'1'' and weight 230, so i was kind of scared if it will fit. and it actually did fit perfect. The material is a littler stretching so, you will have no problem with it. The fabric is heavy, so it looks really nice and have a pretty fall. The front part is like 8 inch on top of my knees, and the back is in my calf. I'm really happy with this purchase. I'll post some pic later.


I wore this dress to a wedding and it was definitely cute, but not the greatest. The collar is al little simple and cheap, but it doesn't look too bad. I can see myself wearing it again. For a girl with huge love handles this dress, helped!


Great dress for the price.  I am 5 feet 8 1/2 inches tall and 210 lbs.  I wore this to a concert and it was great.  The back hangs low enough to cover a bigger boots and the front is short enough to show just enough area above the knee.  I ordered a XL.


I LOVE this dress! It's made out of polyester and spandex so the material is a little thick but I really like that because there's less of a chance of seeing undergarment lines or seeing through the dress. My boyfriend and I enjoy swing dancing and this will be a wonderful dress to wear out on the dance floor because it spins beautifully (definitely wear spandex because when I say it spins...it SPINS!) The sizing was true to my body and it came in the color advertised. I washed it separately the first time just in case it bled on other clothes but I didn't have any problems! I Already bought this dress in two other colors and am looking forward to receiving them! :D


Beautiful and sexy!  I am going to order one in each color!


I am 5'7", medium frame, and it fell off my shoulders, but not too much.  I wear shorts, a skort or mini skirt under it as a slight breeze will show your underwear.


Material is good as it is not sheer, but it is not too thick either.


There are no tags on it at all.  You can tell front from back as the back is long and the front is not.


There is a zipper from left hip to armpit, but it is not obvious or irritating.  It tightens the waist up a little to give the dress shape, but it is not too tight.


Super flowy and comfortable!  I highly recommend!


I love this dress but it's a little short in the front. If I bend over or sit down, my panties would show.


I'll have to see if it's because I don't have it pulled down low enough on my chest area.


I ordered a size 2XL. I normally wear a XL-2XL.


My waist is 48 inches. I am 218 lbs and 5'2" (almost 5'3")


The dress itself is very cute and I can easily put it on and take it off without having to use the zipper. It's made of a stretchy/spandex material and is not itchy or bothersome.


I could wear it with leggings but I live on a tropical island and it's too hot for leggings. My husband said I could wear it as lingerie, but that's not what I bought it for. Haha.


 I will take some photos and come back to update my review.


Great quality fabric, very stretchy. I'm 5'8 and actually wear a 12, this dress is a medium.


Great material and fit for homecoming. A simple yet cute classy dress for a underclassmen homecoming dress. We had to remember it was homecoming and NOT prom. This would be good for attending a special event. My daughter is 5'6 120lbs and wears a size 4 or 6 in regular clothing. I ordered this in a size small and she could have gone down a size if we had more time but it wasn't too bad and she didnt complain.


