The dress has so much potential! The top half fit perfectly and really flatters the shoulders/neck/bust line. My problem came with the waist. It's cheap material and the waist stitching bunches a bit and makes my lower tummy look like it's sticking out. I don't have a perfectly flat stomach but this definitely didn't help anything. Maybe it would look better with a belt. I needed it for a semi-formal beach wedding and the material was a bit cheap looking for that. It's nice and heavy - definitely not see-through- but also snags easily.


I'm writing this because when I was buying I was worried about fit (for some reason there were not many reviews from customers who purchased size M) but I had read reviews and was worried the hem would be too short but I thought it was okay. It is totally worth the $20! I went by the size guide and it fits perfect! Like I said I got a M and it actually fit me like the picture! I'm 5ft 7in, 145-150ish lb, wear a 32 D, am short waisted with long legs and arms, and broad shoulders.


This is a pretty cute dress, although it's somewhat plain and could sit better on the body if it was made of some other material. The seam across the waistline is a little awkward the way it sits, but I just wear a belt over it and it looks fine. The sizing was accurate. I'm 5'10, 210lbs and usually wear an XL or a 12/14 or 30/31. This dress fit as expected. Overall I won't buy another or recommend this dress, just because there are better ones out there, but there's really nothing wrong with it.


I am so skeptical about ordering clothes online. So, I usually go up a size all the time. Except this time, I ordered the size i usually wear (a 2X) and it fit AMAZING!! I was so happy with the fit, the color, and everything. Not to mention, it matched by dads shirt perfectly. This dress is amazing and I would absolutley recommend it! Will be ordering another color very soon!!


My teen daughter is 5'2 and shapely with no breast. She always wears a small or medium. This dress fit her body great but the arms were very tight. To avoid a return, we stretched it overnight and tugged it a bit. Turned out great after that not-so-quick fix. She looked age appropriate for summer funeral. Not sure I would say the same if she wasn't so short.


Great buy!!! Purchased for my daughters graduation. Delivered in two days as promised with amazon prime. I ordered her a medium. She is a 34b, 31, 35 my guess. It fit perfect. Great material not cheap looking even though the dress is a little plain.


It's cute, but I'm 5'8", 145lbs, & can wear anything between a US Women's size 4-6. I ordered a medium & it was too big around the chest & waist. Also the sleeves are not how they're displayed in the display pic. It has more of a boat neckline. I tried to pull the sleeves down to make it off the shoulder and it kept sliding up. It might've been better if I ordered a small.


I am a size 16 and I'm 5'3. I ended up getting a XXL, but I think I would have been fine with getting just a XL because I feel like the fabric is super stretchy and would have hugged me a bit better than the XXL. It was also a bit too long in the front, but it was still a cute dress. It came fast which was great because I got it for my Pikachu costume for Halloween as a last minute thing. The material is a bit thick which was nice for a chilly night. I would consider buying another dress in a different costume when i get the chance because it is a very cute dress. I don't have many photos showing the dress from a straight forward point of view, but hopefully my photos give you and idea of how it fit.


Divino


I got so many compliments on this dress. I wore it to a wedding and it was a hit. The blue color is awesome. Definitely recommend.


