Thin, cheaply made and didn't fit as all as I expected it too. Cut way small for the advertised size


Good,  cheap dress. The dress looks okay on and fits well however the material was just too cheap for what I'm looking for. It was quite odd that I ordered one and two different colors and the yellow one was much too big while the purple rose colored one fit perfectly. Either way the side zipper pull does protrude out quite a bit


I loved the way the dress fit in the front, however, it was incredibly long in the back, even with heels.


I am 5'2" and I bought a size M.


It fits but the material is different.


When I opened it up the dress was dirty which I am not happy about and wrinkled.


Not sure how I can safety clean it because I definitely don't want it to shrink.


I hope this will be the perfect 30th party dress for this Friday!


I LOVE this dress!! I am 5'7, 175 lbs, and I bought an XL just in case. It fit perfect. I ordered it and wore it 2 days later to a wedding, got tons of compliments and danced the night away with no problems. I may buy it in a different color!


Had to get a large the sleeve off the medium was too tight but otherwise perfect dress for weddings , evening wear or the club.


Beautiful color, and I sized up to the large based on the size chart. The medium would have fit, but I like it not being skin tight and it not just clinging to me.  Thick fabric so you can't see through it and it arrived sooner than expected.


I'm 5ft 7 and about 145lbs and ordered a small. This dress is really cute from all angles and is good thick fabric. Unfortunately it fell a little shorter on me than I wanted for a work event.


Well, if you want a "witchy" dress for a Halloween costume, this would be perfect. The quality of the fabric is the cheapest polyester you can find. The fabric has a sheen to it that just looks too cheap.


Fits perfect! I don't even have to unzip the zipper to get into it. I purchased this for a wedding I am going to in a matter of days, and it arrived quickly as well. I showed the dress to the bridal party for the wedding I will be in next year, and it looks like we may be using this as the braids maid dress too.


