Hot number  a little short to front if you have big legs


I ordered this dress in magenta and yellow. The material of the magenta was awful and it made the dress too short and too snug. However the yellow color was perfect, the material was soft and it fit great. And for the price.....can't be beat!


I am about 110 pounds and my height is 5.2. I orderd a small and it came in 2 days. Well worth 20 bucks. CUTE!


 Fits nice and comfortable. Stretchy and no wrinkles. Its a high low dress


I love this dress! I felt so comfortable. I got a XL and it fit perfect!!'nn


It fits great!  I am 5'8" 185 lbs.  I bought a white in XL because the dress appeared small in the chest area but it wasn't.  Still looks good though.


Disappointing.  I ordered a different dress from Amazon previously and thought it would be the same type fabric. It is not. The fabric is quite a bit thinner than I expected.The neckline stitching is very obvious and puckers, especially when you move. The dress also puckers at the bottom of the zipper. I would not consider wearing this dress without some kind of foundation wear underneath as the thinness of the fabric shows everything. In my case it "accentuates the negative". As hot as it is this summer the thought of wearing another layer is out of the question. The dress just looks very cheap.


This dress is super cute! The material isn’t cheap but the zipper is a bit cheap, other than that it is a perfect dress! Looks good with or without accessories, I am about 135lbs and 5’4” and I got a small, it fit me perfect because the dress is nice and stretchy! I probably could have worn a medium too but I didn’t want it too loose. The red color was true to the picture.


I love this dress. I am 5 7 and weigh 195 with curves. I purchased the XL and it fit perfectly.Very flattering. Great quality for the price.


Omg! This is the ugliest dress ever! It looks nothing like the picture! I am so mad! Also, it looks like it's made of polyester, has no actual tags in it for where it's made, or size information, how to wash it or anything! I'm very disappointed, I brought this dress tho king it looked like the picture for my 15yr first high school dance. Now I have to actually go and buy something else. The price alone should have made me realize that it would look like crap...


I'm 5'2" 125 lbs and usually wear a size 6/S dress. The material of the dress was of good quality - thick and heavy enough to not tear on a snag and comfortably stretchy. The color was nice and the high low cut was very cute. I ordered this dress in a size S, but the waist seam hit way too high - around two ribs higher than my natural waist line, which gave the illusion of a weird belly pooch and an abnormally short torso. The arm sleeves were a smidge tight, but not uncomfortably so. I am also a 34B and the bust area fit perfectly. Had the mid seam been lower, I would have definitely kept the dress. I might consider reordering in a M one day to see if that fixes the waist issue.


