I ended up donating this dress since I knew I wouldn’t wear it. I didn’t care for the fabric but I never really wore it so can’t comment on comfort. However, I thought the photos were very misleading in terms of how steep of a difference there was between the front and back of dress. I wanted subtle and instead got fashion icon bold. I’m only 5’2 and I felt the drastically long back was unflattering on me. A taller person it likely would look good on.


I really liked this dress, but I returned it because it was a bit tight. If you are between sizes, I would suggest going up, not down. I went down, and while it did fit, it just was not comfortable. It was an adorable dress though. The material is that shiny kind of material that feels a little slippery to the touch. I only did not re-order because it was for an occasion that passed and I did not need it anymore.


Ordered this dress for my homecoming and it was so beautiful and was more than I expected. Came in very quickly and I Loved how comfortable it was, I'm very satisfied.


I saw a previous review with a girl who had worn her dress with cowgirl boots so I decided to buy the same color to wear to a country concert and I absolutely LOVE it !! The color is gorgeous and the fit is very flattering . I instantly ordered two other colors because it is definitely a perfect dress for almost any occasion . I am 5'1 and 113 pounds and the small fit perfectly . Definitely recommend this dress :-)


I'm 5'5, 155 lbs, 36G and the size L fit nicely. If anything, I had some roominess to spare. By the invisible zipper was pulled fabric; it looked like a small hole, but it may be stretching from my bust but frankly, I'm not picky about it since it's hidden under my armpit. The quality reminds me of Forever 21 so I don't mind the flaw since it was only $20. It's still cute, I plan on wearing it at a Bachelorette party! Could be good a bridal shower or a date night in the future as well. I would recommend the product for what it's worth.


The dress was not exactly what I had expected, but still was nice. The fit was good. I ordered a medium and I'm 5'2 & 129lbs. The color looked to be more of a Kelley Green online and was more of a Jungle Green when I received it. Also, it wasn't as much "off the shoulder" as I thought it would be. Overall happy about it. Got lots of compliments! 4 stars for color.


Loved the color and and the fit of this. Bought it for a dinner party. The material is really thick, which I wasn't expecting. I didn't really like the stretchy/spandex material of this, I thought the idea of having a zipper on the side was useless. It does look cute and i'll probably find another event to wear this too. I'm just not 100% on the material.


This dress looked awful on me and the color was a huge disappointment. I ordered the red thinking it would be a nice bright red, but it was more of a orangey color. The material was heavier than I expected but that part wasn't bad, it just had no shape to it so it just hangs off the body in the most unattractive way. I'm not saying that it wouldn't look wonderful on other bodies....it just looked terrible on mine.


Absolutely fantasic dress! Even arrived on a Sunday! The material is very soft and has a bit of a stretch. Very well made. Its not heavy or thick either. There is a side zipper, but for me was not needed to be used. The cut of the dress is exactly to the advert shown, as well as the colour. Deep wine red. Ordered an XL just to be safe, as I am a 36DD. Fits me perfectly. Might just buy one more in another colour!


Beautiful. I bought a size Small for me and a size Medium for my daughter for an upcoming photo shoot. They fit perfectly. The photo is of me.


