This was a huge disappointment. Ordered for my bday. Looks nothing like it except for the colour. I hate it. I am livid!!!!!!!!!!!;


I ordered this in a small and it fit perfectly. Fitted at the top and then flowy starting at the waist. Paired this with a silver leaf belt and a pair of open toed booties. I am a 34 c chest, and wear a size 7 jeans if that helps with picking the right size.


The only issue is the front is way too short. I can wear it out with my boyfriend on a date perhaps with shorts under heath. The smallest breeze and everything is all out in the open. If you are large breasted go with 2 sizes larger ,It was tight on me and I'm a 38c. 190lb and 5'3.


Comfortable dress!  I purchased this to wear to a wedding.  The fit was perfect except the elastic at the top was a little loose.  I took it to the cleaners to tighten it up a bit and I thoroughly enjoyed wearing it.  The price was excellent and even though the weather was hot, this dress kept me cool with the flare on the bottom.  Material was wonderful.


The dress is pretty and the quality of the fabric is decent. Not high quality, but fine for a $20 dress.  I am normally a size S in most things (5'3", 125lbs, 34 C/D), but the S was a little too tight in the top and very short in the front of the skirt. I will be returning and re-ordering a Medium.


Love the fit. Could be a little longer in front but absolutely love it. Bought belt separate.


It looked a little plain without a belt, but I got a ton of compliments on the dress. It also was delivered quickly and efficiently. Would definitely recommend.


Be warned- this is a body con dress and it is NOT forgiving. Well, it is on the thighs with the hi/lo hem. Sadly, I slouch and there were some back fat issues that did not look great in photos. Also because its so tight I found some difficulty in wearing spanx- they either went too high or they went too low. Overall, a decent dress I will wear again but may not wear often until I get into better shape. I DO like that the sleeves stay on the shoulder and don't rise up.


I am 5'4" and 203 and purchased a large I probably should've went for an XL which is my true size but oh well. The dress fit nice and Iove it.


This is my 3rd purchase of this dress...in 3 different colors of course :-) I absolutely love the fit. I get so many compliments when I wear it. I'm a 14/16 and I order them in a 2X.


