I like it. I was happy that the blue color really was radiant blue and I like the fabric it's firm. I usually wear size M/L I ordered L just to be on the safe side and I'm glad I did because it's tight but still looks good. A medium would have been wayyyy too small. If you are between two sizes like me order the bigger size.


I was excited to try on this dress after reading other reviews, but when I did the front was so short I couldn’t possibly wear it in public. Lifting my arms literally revealed my underwear. I got a large (5’6 165lbs). The top fit fine, if anything I wish the waist was a bit smaller/more snug. Perhaps it’s my proportions although I’m a somewhat typically sized person. Had I walked around with my arms pinned at my side all night I still would have been uncomfortable with how short the front was.


Love, Love, Love! So cute and it fit very well! I'm 5' 4", 120lbs, and 32DD I ordered a small and it fit great! The material is comfortable and has a little stretch so it's not suffocating and you can actually move around in it! The red is not a deep red like the picture but I still liked it! I was worried the color might bleed when washed and it didn't! I am very happy with my purchase!


Picture is kinda fuzzy but this is the only one I have right now!


I am very disappointed in my dress. The green is not dark like in the picture, and the material seems like my son’s soccer jerseys. The dress isn’t flattering at all and so short in the front that I can’t possibly wear without leggings. There isn’t any wash instructions inside.


I did like the neckline and the sleeves. I didn’t need to undo the zipper to wear it.


Purchased this for my daughter for a cruise. It fit her wonderfully and she is petite. It was great for formal night. I purchased one size up to be on the safe side and it was the right decision. She is normally a size 8-10, but I purchased a size 12 and was right on target. She looked gorgeous. The price was reasonably priced as well.


It's cute! But unfortunately, while the XL fits my bust if 41in, it does not fit my 33in waist. Like its literally kind of saggy... The high-low aspect of it was super cute, but something I did not like at all was how sheer the top part was. I got this in yellow, so hopefully you won't have the same problem if you choose one of the darker colors. Definitely a Spring/Summer dress because it is on the thinner side of material. If I do buy again I'll just get a dark color and a size L instead.


I ordered a large. I'm 5'6", 170'ish and a 36D. The large fit fine, but as long as my torso is and large as my bust is, it just wound up looking empire style, which was fine. However. I ordered it I need yellow, and the yellow was more of a marigold or mustard yellow than the picture shows, and isn't very flattering to me, so I'm returning it. I ordered another one in the longer style in burgundy, so we'll see how that one turns out.


This dress arrived and was exactly like the picture. The only problem I ran into was the bust area where it didn't fit very nice.  Not sure if I should have sized down or what but, the rest of the dress fit me very well.


The quality of the material was fine and it was very soft. I did love the cut of the dress, but it simply wasn't meant to be. I am 5'2", 160lbs, and I ordered a medium. I felt like I was wearing an extra small. Like a giant fitting into a small child's dress, small. Unfortunately I was too eager to delete the photo and did not save it for this review.


Fit like a glove. I ordered a medium. I am 5 4' and it was perfect was a Banquet occasion. It is classy but still young and fun!


