The dress is inexpensive...but I got what I paid for.  It smells like chemicals, and is see through.  It is extremely boxy, and the fabric is thin and seems to lose its shape very easily.  I don't think I'll get any use out of it.


I got the light grey and black versions of this dress. They both fit perfect. I'm 5ft, 150 lbs and a medium fits great. One thing is that the fabric is different between the two I got. The grey dress has more of a cotton feel to it and the black has a more slick, jersey feeling to it. The black one is also more sheer. I'll be keeping both, but I wish they were both the material that the grey dress is made out of.


Darling navy lightweight dress. Perfect for travel or for being out and about. it is easy to dress up with a scarf, shawl or jewelry. Also perfect as a casual dress. This is going to be perfect for travel


This dress is extremely comfortable and has a cute fit. I'm 5'2 and wear between a size 12 - 14 in pants, so the large was a perfect fit. I saw some reviews stating the dress was too thin and almost see through, but that is not the case for the dress I received. It's meant to be worn during warmer weather, but the material is thick enough to wear on cooler days with a cardigan. Definitely not see through. I would recommend this dress.


Super comfortable t shirt dress. Only 4 stars because the material is a little thin but not see through. I am 5'4" 160lbs and medium fits perfect.  The purple is a pretty shade. I live in these dresses in the summer and want them in all the colors


Simple, thin but not too thin that you see through it, color is very pretty, I bought a large so it would hang nice and loose for a more casual summery dress and that worked perfectly. The material is thin but very soft and not so thin that you feel uncomfortable.


I am 5 foot 3 inches and weigh 145 lbs. I bought a medium and it fits perfectly! About an inch above the knees and loose fitting (but not baggy). Looks great with or without a belt, can easily be made dressy with a jacket and a few accessories. A great t-shirt dress and a great wardrobe staple!!


Love this dress! The fit is just as expected. I'm 5'6" and about 150 pounds, and the medium fits perfectly. The lenght is perfect, it hits about an inch or so above my knee. The fit is also great. It's loose and flowly, but not so much so that you end up looking boxy. The fabric is very soft and cool, perfect for summer. They were quite wrinkled when I got them, but washing them on cold and hanging them to dry took care of that. Overall, they're great quality for the price. Defintely planning on getting more colors!


Very cute dress. The color is a tiny bit washed out from the photo or maybe she is just tan and I am white as a ghost. Thick yet loose fabric - super soft. Length is great for short people!.


I really wanted to like this dress. The fit was fine but the chemical smell is so horrible. Even after washing several times it's still there. It's unfortunate because I waited like 2 months to order because I'm so unsure about Amazon clothing. I wish I hadn't wasted my money. Amazon is great for a lot of things but their clothing is awful.


