Love love love this dress. Very flowy and super comfy. Ordered a large and I am a size 8 usually, large hips and chest.


Really love this dress! Very comfortable flowing fabric. It hangs up a little with leggings under it but nothing a slip can't fix. Perfect casual dress with sandals but easy to dress it up with jewelry and heels. Will definitely get another one! So many pretty colors to choose from. I'm 5'6" about 130 lbs. purchased a small and it fit perfectly.


The stench of the product made me gag just opening the package.  Smelled like very old cigarette smoke.  Horrible.  The top through the middle was too small/tight and the bottom flared too large.  Looked out of proportion.  Returned immediately.


Super comfortable dress. I'm 5' 2", 34C (pushing a D) and ~127 lb and the dress fits well. My only complaint is that it's slightly longer than I would prefer (would prefer it to be not so close to my knee and just a tad higher), but I think that comes with the territory of being so short. It also has just the right amount of room in the chest and doesn't pull or sit weird (meaning make the rest of the dress through the bottom flare out). I think the sleeves are also slightly shorter than shown on the model. But overall, good purchase especially for the price.


I love this dress. I'm very hesitant to order clothes off line because you never know what your truly going to get, but this dress is AMAZING! I ordered a small in black, it's super soft, and light weight. The only thing that I have found to be a  disadvantage is it is slightly see through, so make sure you choose the correct under garments or have something to wear underneath it so it isn't obvious to the world what you have underneath it.


This may be my worst purchase  ever, bought these dresses thought they were so cute but they STINK SO, SO BAD  can't wear them I've washed them three times used good detergent & fabric softner, dried them in the sun, dried them in the dryer and the stench  just wont go away, I am way pass desapointed & disgusted. ....just stink so, so bad


Well after all the washing drying the stench never came off so had to throw them away, is like something died on these two pin dresses


This dress is great! I opened the package and the material was thin, so I was worried it would be see-through, but when I put it on, it was fine. It's light weight with a little bit of stretch. This is a great layering piece that can be dressed up or dressed down. I'm a solid Medium in most things (sometimes I size up to Large if the fit is somewhat small) and this dress was perfect. If you're on the smaller size of your regular size, I'd go down a size. Great purchase.


The look and feel of this dress was nice, however it arrived with an oil (ink?) stain on the front rendering it unwearable. Returning...


It's a T-shirt dress... It can be dressed up or down.. Very versatile... Sizing is kind of off if you have anything larger than a D cup..  I got medium.. Therefore because that's what seller recommended for my 5'3" 120# 34DD self...  Boob's fit great.. Length is great.. About mid to lower thigh for my height.. But I have more flounce in the middle because I went with the medium to ensure boob space.. But I like it because I don't like clingy clothes...


I'm 5'8 inches and 165 lbs. The length is right above my knees and it fits loosely. The material is a bit thin. I felt the need to wear a slip with it for work. The material is soft and I love the green color. I wore it to work today with ankle boots and a cute fall print scarf. Very comfortable.


