Very cute, but it's definitely a swing dress, so it's roomy. If you want it a little more form fitting, go one size down. I'm 5'8" and 184 pounds, and I bought a large.


Casual dress will go great with leggings....bought to wear as casual cruise dress for onboard daily wear or port excursion...will also wear around with leggings and sweater or on a nice spring day with flip flops.  Thin material doesn’t seem like it will crush and is stretchy


This is a nice little dress and the price is right. It can be casual or dressed up. I love the way it fits. I wear a size 14 and got the XL, which is just right. The cut of this dress is swingy and flattering, but doesn't look like a giant tent in which I am trying to hide. I feel pretty cute when I wear it. The fabric is soft and not too thin, and you can pull it out of a suitcase and put it right on!


These are the most amazing shirts I have ever worn. I just bought three more that I am going to use as sleep shirts and a swimsuit cover up. They are soft, thick enough to cover the "girls" yet thin enough I don't bake. They are extremely well made and drape beautifully. Perfect for even full figured ladies.


This is the third of these dresses that I've bought -- all in different colors.  I love them!!!  They're very simple, but with a jacket, shrug, cape, scarf, etc., they can really be dressed up.  The colors hold true to the pictures -- exactly what I anticipated.  The price is really good.  I wash them in the delicate wash and hang them to dry.  This a great product that I highly recommend.


I am 5'1" & 120lbs.  I ordered a Small and it was simply too big.  I wanted something loose, but this was much too loose all over.  Wish it was just a little bit more fitted.


I was a little nervous ordering clothes online but was so glad I purchased this dress! It was not only very soft, but it fit perfectly and is so cute!! I've been searching for a dress like this for a while and the dresses I've tried on from different stores were either too clingy or unflattering. This was comfy, cute, and flattering. I'm 5'8", 155 lbs, and I usually wear between a size medium and a size large. (My pant size fluctates between an 8 and a 10). I ordered this dress in a medium and it was perfect! The color is super cute too! I ordered the purple grey color and love it!


Not flattering, I should have sized down (I'm typically a medium in dresses like this) but this just hangs and has zero shape to it. I don't know if the small would have been too short (I'm 5"2 and this was short on me). I already removed the tag so I cannot return, I will end up giving it away.


Such a cute and inexpensive dress!  I will be purchasing another one for my friend for her birthday!  Goes great with a cute floppy hat and sandals!  Great quality and came super fast!


Love this dress. I wear it to work at a spa with black flats. Runs abit loose but that's ok with me. You can wear with a wide belt to cinch in waistline. The cotton material is very thin so don't wear a loud color undies and bra. Wear black underwear and bra. Not even nude!


