I really like this, so much I bought it in different colors. It's lightweight and it flattering. My only con is that at 5'7" it's too short for me to wear as a dress. But it's a great tunic to pair with leggings.


Great lightweight simple dress! With cheap dresses (or clothes in general) I am worried of cheap looking fabric that fits weird and is uncomfortable, but this fabric is nice and soft. Color is just as pictured. Will definitely order in more colors!


5'2" and 120 lbs  ordered the small short sleeve gray.


Hard to find navy blue tunic.  Fabric is thin, but washes well.  A little too long to look good with leggings.  I  plan to shorten about 1 1/2".


Cute dress.  I wore it to work the other day and was nice in the hot weather.  Light, but not see through -color is just as shown.  For the price and quality, very pleased.  Washes well also, but I hung it dry.


This was cute, but I ended up returning it. I have a rather petite frame and this just looked too large and it made me look big. It was also a little bit too long on me, but I am short


Love it! fit as expected. I'm 5'9 and it hits right above my knee. I will be ordering more colors!


I'm 5'7" 140lbs, 34D hourglass/pear shape body and I got both the small and the medium. I can't tell much of a difference between the two. I think the medium probably fits me better overall, especially lengthwise and in the chest area, but I fit into the small just fine too. I love how the bottom is somewhat flowy. Very easy to dress this up or keep it casual. I got green and pink and neither are sheer. I prefer to dress modestly and I feel this keeps me covered.


This is a very cute dress. It is lightweight without being see through or looking cheap. A little shorter than expected i am 5'7 and it hits me a little pass mid thigh I wanted something right above the knee.


Returned - arrived with water stains because it was poorly dyed (I bought the red).


I’m 6’ and lean build. I got a medium - fit loose as expected and pretty short.


I'm 5'5" 125lbs 34A. I ordered a medium and it fits great. The length is perfect. No to short and not to long.


