I love the dress, it is so cute and flattering. It is such staple and basic dress to own you can easily customize it to your style and it is timeless and can never go out of style. My only issue is in the length. I am 5'9 and dress shopping is always so frustrating. I was pleasantly surprised with this dress it is not as short as other dresses I had previously bought or tired on but I do wish it was just an inch longer so I could be more comfortable. but I absolutely love it and would recommend it to anyone.


I absolutely love this dress. I now have 3 short sleeved dresses and 1 sleeveless dress. It so comfy and light yet not see-thru. It barely needs any ironing if you get it out of the washing machine right away. And for the price, if I ruin one it will be easy (and cheap) to replace. I appreciated the free returns since I bought two sizes for both  my daughter and i.


not "army green" its basically just green.  came very wrinkled from shipping (understandable) but from material and quality of the dress I don't think ironing would work and seems like it would come out misshapen and shrunk if I dry it.  unflattering.


No option for zero stars!!  VERY disappointed! First, I realized they sent me a long sleeve dress when I ordered a short sleeve. I decided to keep it anyway and save for cooler weather bc returning is a hassle. Today, I went to put it on and realized the sleeve is sewn into the neckline on one side! I thought it was just hung up awkwardly but upon closer inspection, it’s a manufacturer default. Very, very dissatisfied.


Very soft and stretchy.  I'm 5'6", 135 with a 36dd chest, and a medium fit me well, but then again, I like tops fitting in the chest.  The top drapes well over my hip, and doesn't hug too much.  It drops to just above the knees, so you could wear it as a dress.  I purchased it specifically to wear with leggings.  Fortunately, I didn't have the issue of the fabric being too thin, as other reviewers noted,  Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase.


I love form fitting pieces that flow, and this piece was not in that description. It came to me as a more stiff material, no curves, too big for me to stay in long. Anticipated it to be similar to "boyfriend's t-shirt" dress style, but his shirt hugs my body more than this dress. Not quite as satisfied.


Ordered the medium. I'm 5'6 133lbs. Fits well. A little clingy but not terrible. I got the navy color and it matches the stock photo pretty well. I'm very happy with this dress.


The material is very soft and the dress is flowy.


Edit: The material will pill after several wears/washes if you wear a backpack or purse that rubs on it over time.


The perfect throw on and go dress. I'm 5'4'', 135lb, 32C and the small fit perfectly. The length was the same on me as the model.


I am 5'9, 180 lbs and the large fit perfectly.


