I purchased the red-wine color. Pretty dress, but the material is definitely more "jersey" than I expected. (I think the item says this right on the description, but I didn't pay attention. My fault.) The look on the model makes the fabric appear slightly more stiff and shaped. It's not, lol. All in all though, this is still a great cute dress for the price, and I won't be returning it!


Fits as expected with a flattering shape, great length (long enough to wear to work, but doesn't make me look like a stump at 5'3") and I like the sleeves and color. The only thing I would change about the dress would be to make the hems less obvious. Not sure how well I can describe this, but the hems look like the hem on a t-shirt, about a fingers-width. I'd prefer if they were a little less visible.


I was Louise from Bob’s Burgers for Halloween and this dress was perfect. Unfortunately it doesn’t come in an XS but with a simple alteration I got it to fit perfectly. Would wear again with some boots or something. Very comfy and lightweight.


I'm 5'10, 175 athletic build with a bit of a tummy and the dress doesnt emphasize that at all. It's quite flattering. A bit short but I still was able to wear it to work (professional setting) with just toeing the line. I have pretty broad shoulders too and the sleeves fit nicely!


I bought a Large and it fits well. Wrinkles easily, I steamed it pretty well for the first time I wore it.


Great dress!  Especially for the price.  The fabric is bouncy and flows away from my body right where I need it to.  Color was spot on and the fit (XL) for me was perfect (I'm 5'7" and about 190lbs).  Buy it.  Buy all of the colors.


This dress is comfortable and fits well. I am only 4'11" and the length is perfect for me. Thanks!


i ordered the blue dress. it looked like it would drape over my body and compliment my figure a bit, but it didnt. it made me look fat. plus, the "blue" dress was just a weird shade of purple. waste of money.


I purchased a size large expecting to be able to fit it after I get to my goal weight. I slipped this dress on about 20 minutes ago after receiving it, and to my surprise I can fit it perfectly now. According to my weight and the other floor own I am a size 14 maybe a tight 12. This dress does not cling to my stomach at all, and the brown is pretty. It's kind of a reddish brown not chocolate if that makes sense to anyone. I will be buying every color. I love this dress.


This is a great dress.  You can dress it up or wear it casual.  The quality is very good and the fit was perfect.  I can't believe the price for this dress.  I will be ordering this again in a few different colors.  The color selection is amazing and the fact that it is offered in short or long sleeve is great for my party or dinner "go to" year round.  I also received a cute silver dream catcher neckless, which I was not expecting, nice surprise.


I now have 2 of these dresses. One in long sleeve, that I wore all winter, and I just received a short sleeved style today. These dresses do run small. I am usually a small/med (5’6” 135 lbs) and I ordered both in large. They are very comfortable and easily dressed up or down. I really appreciate this as a woman over 50. A scarf, vest, or long necklace makes these into a nice outfit.  Yet my 20 something daughter can also wear them (she has 3) alone and they look great! They do not, however, hold up to normal wear. Definitely a one season dress, but for the price that’s just fine.


