Would have loved to buy different colors in this product. Very soft and it is long enough for me to wear with leggings (5'6"). But the sleeves were not finished. Ragged edges that I folded over and basted. Didnt want to go through hassle of returning it. Hope my stitching stays in!


Was pleased at the sellers quick response to my 1 star review. They are refunding my purchase price and sending another item that will have the sleeves finished. Will wait and see how the next product looks before giving more stars. I like companies that quickly resolve their problems.


I was extremely pleased with this dress. I actually ordered it for a funeral, as I just needed something plain and simple, but a little more than casual. When I ordered it, I thought it was going to be, pretty much, just like a long t-shirt, that I would accessorize to make more formal. I'm a bigger sized woman, so I ordered the XL and honestly thought it would be a little tight, as most things are, for me. But it actually is a perfect fit! Super comfortable, fits very well, but isn't tight, so I have enough room to move and breathe. I love the slinky material, and it feels amazing. With the pair of Mary Jane heels I purchased to go with it, the dress actually looks less casual and a bit more formal. This is one of those "all purpose" little black dresses, that women look for. All in all, I am extremely pleased with the dress, add in the fact that it was under $20.00 through prime, and I am a happy customer! I expected to receive this dress, try it on, feel extremely self concious, and end up wearing something else, entirely, and for once, that didn't happen! I highly recommend it, as you can wear it for anything!


I love the way this dress fits me. Before I lost weight I was 174 and my height is 5'4. I bought a medium and it fit perfect. Not too loose and not too tight. I ordered another color from the company. Beautiful dress. My sister wore the black and I wore the purple looking one.


This is an awesome deal! This dress is so comfortable and flowing without feeling like you are just wearing a sheet. This hugs in just the right places and hides tummy problems which is awesome. I'm 5'2 and weigh 160 lbs and I ordered a large. My bust is a 38C. So I'm short and squatty, all gut and no body. Just kidding, but seriously. This hits me right above the knee which makes it the perfect length to wear for work or casually with whatever type of shoes. In the Fall I can wear leggings and boots with it. I will probably be ordering more in every color. But I'm poor, so if you could just send me some that would be great! Okay! Stop reading and just buy these!


Loving this dress. Doesn't shrink when washed, keeps its color, fits perfectly, and it looks good on! It's one of those dresses that anyone can wear and it'll be flattering. And most important - ITS COMFORTABLE!


If you're worried about sweating in one of the colors besides black, then you should know it will show... unless you use baby powder/dry shampoo spray over your deodorant - it doesn't make the dress look white and it hides your sweat completely under the fabric of this dress.


I'm 5'2 and I have a bigger chest, normally a size 8/10 pants from American eagle. A  medium fit perfect! Hits just above the knees so it's not too short. Super soft and can't wait to buy more colors!


Great buy, especially for the price. I ordered a Large (I'm 5'3" and 150 lbs, with an athletic build (broad shoulders, 36C/D) and it fits perfect. It's light to medium weight fabric, very flowy but would get hung up on cotton leggings. The color is more of a teal versus dark green. It's very pretty and a year-round color. The hem hits just above the knee. I did have several loose threads hanging out of the back seam. I trimmed them with scissors and hope it won't become an issue.


I really like this t-shirt dress! You can dress it up or down, wear it with leggings or alone. It fits well. I'm 5 ft. 3 in and I got a medium which worked out just fine.


This is a great dress!  It is long enough that you wouldn't need to wear leggings with it if you didn't want too. The fabric is thick enough, so not too see through which is great!  I am 5'7" and 150 lbs. and the medium fit me perfectly!  If it is any indication on how well I liked it, I bought another one in a different color after receiving this one!  It washed up perfectly too!  Looks like a new go to dress with flip-flops etc.  One more note -- the neck line and sleeves are nice too.  The neck fits a little closer so it isn't too wide, nice dress!


I was so happy with this! For certain reasons, I needed a specifically navy blue tshirt dress and I scanned all over amazon & other websites to find one that would be long enough without being sleeveless. I'm 5'9" and 170lbs, I ordered a large and it fit perfectly! It came down to just a few inches above my knees. This means I won't have to be worried about bending over or being indecent in any way. The sleeves are great bc they're just short sleeves but they're not tight and they come out a little bit so they don't make your arms look fat. The high neck is also really nice.


Overall this dress exceeded my expectations. Nice and SOFT with thick enough material (i.e. not see-through but good for warm weather) and definitely long enough and flattering. Nice nice nice.


