Waiting to wash it to see if it holds up.


Short Sleeve-black


I'm 140lbs. average & don't have very thin shoulders or hips.


PROS


This product arrived when expected and in good packaging.


The material is excellent and surprisingly thick, comfy, flattering, and not see-through. I love it and it makes me want to melt into a puddle.


Hits at mid thigh (give or take), and I am on the shorter side of women I think.


The sleeves are not cuffed like the picture at all and are droopy (long) but not winged.


There are comfy pockets (again, unlike the photo) and that was after I fell in love with the dress I saw that.


The collar isn't too wide or tight (perfectly casual).


CON


Ever so slight, probably not noticeable to others, like acid stains fanning out from collar trim that will go away after wash but still scared me of grunginess.


Due to the weight of the dress (surprisingly) a few stiches MIGHT come undone. But I'd sew them & I'll buy another dress when it's time comes.


END ANSWER


Buy the dress. (Unless you don't like loose, comfy, quality, flattering black pocketed dresses. Then don't buy it.)


I own this tunic swing dress in several colors. I love that I can wear them as a casual dress in the summer or pair them with my leggings. I am 5'4 150 and have purchased both size medium and size large. I prefer the medium on my frame because its a bit more fitted in the chest and makes it look less like I'm wearing a potato sack. I usually wear the large with a little knot in the bottom to give it a bit of definition. I'm perfectly happy with both sizes.


I would give it 5 stars if it were a bit thicker.


The dress fits well to give a little shape up top then flows down to just below my finger tips (5'7" and 170lbs) it does not awkwardly cling BUT the fabric is a thin and my bra can faintly be seen under without a tank top on. Otherwise I love it and will likely order in more colors!


I ordered a small and it is huge! I usually wear a small or medium, this is not flattering at all. Also the material is very thin. I would return it but it is not worth the hassle.


Update: molerani contacted me after seeing my review and issued me a refund, I am impressed with their customer service and will definitely be buying from them again.


I love how soft the fabric is, and the selection of colors is amazing. I sized up, thinking it would run a bit small, and I'm glad I did. The XL fits like an XL in junior sizes, so if you're a grown woman, I would size up unless you like your clothes quite fitted. Will purchase again.


This is a very cute simple dress. You can dress it up or dress it down. It's super comfortable as well.


Love the material super light weight without being shear, fees bouncy and nice stretch to it. Runs big, I ordered a small, wears much larger. I will be buying another in XS


Only critique would for the length to be a few inches longer - otherwise great buy.


Quality and how the dress fit my wife was important factors and we would order again


