This fit like a giant boxy sack. I’m 5’3” 110 lbs and it was huge and in no way flattering.


I am 5'3", 100 lbs and I ordered a small and it was way to big. The dress was way too wide for my body. The length of the dress was good. Also, the dress smelled very bad when I received it in the mail. I got the dress in the dark green color and it was not see through, but it had a very thin material and I think that if I had gotten it in a lighter color it would be see through.


Very cute and simple little dress.  I read the reviews prior to purchase and disagree on it being "too thin" fabric.  It is lovely and lightweight. Fits well. I bought a large.  Great to travel with if you hang it up for a bit first (it did wrinkle in the suitcase, but hung out nicely.)


Chemical-smell


Good go to simple black dress. I bought it for a specific purpose and it suited the occasion. It was a good fit and comfortable. The material feels nice and is breathable. I may buy more in other colors.


5ft5in and 130lbs, small fits well. Surprisingly soft! Waiting to see how it holds up in the wash. Great for the price.


What I was looking for was a slightly form-fitting but loose, casual dress to throw on.


This purple T-shirt dress is soft and a lovely purple color, but it's too loose for my shape,


especially in the back.  Found out I need more structure- more of an A-line style.


Cute dress and very good material. I ordered a small and it was still a little big and long. Returned it. Wish it came in a xsmall.


I am loving this dress!  I ordered a size larger than I normally buy based on reviews. It fit exactly how I wanted it to. It is light and flows nice which is perfect for hot days and will look great with leggings and a scarf this fall. The material is a little thin so I have to watch what I wear under it.  I'm sure I will be ordering a long sleeved one soon!


Really pretty and the size is true...But, it clings.  It's very stretchy like a Rayon and spandex material. If you wanted a cotton tee shirt type dress, this is not it. It shows every curve so I would order a couple sizes up if you want flowy.


