I would normally wear a L but due to previous reviews, I sized up to an XL. The XL fits just as I would want this to fit, slightly loose like the picture. It is so comfortable, versatile, and easy to care for. I might get this in other colors too!


I love this dress!  So glad I ordered it.  I fluctuate between a medium and large shirt size and got the dress in a size large so that I did not have to worry about it being too tight or shrinking.  It's a soft, light material and extremely comfortable.


Over the summer I bought the sleeveless version of this dress in every color, with pockets. I wish I would have bought this short sleeve one instead because it saves having to wear a sweater. The down side is no pockets, but I just use my purse.


Got it in small, grey/short sleeve to wear after a day at the beach. It is super comfy yet a little big. However, I am petite. I am 5' 100lbs 34a for reference.


It was just okay. The neckline is smaller than the picture. I was hoping for more of a slouchy dress look. This has a neckline similar to a crew neck shirt and is about as equally fitted. I normally wear M/L in clothes, being that it was looser I opted for L, probably should've got XL for looser look.


These T-shirt dresses are made out of extremely thin fabric. I wouldn’t feel comfortable going outside and be highlighted by the sun . Maybe if you wore a very long sweater and a scarf and winter hose...but not for me. I returned .


I love this dress! It is super soft, great color, and a perfect length! I needed something that I can throw on to run errands or dress up for a dinner date. This fits the bill perfectly! I'm also looking forward to pairing it with leggings in the winter!


I have a hand full of these dresses, and was excited about this pink purple color. Well this one is made way different than my others, Fabric is different and the next is totally different. And the smell is horrible. Sending back. Sad day


This lightweight and comfy dress fits perfect. I am only 5'1'' and usually have to shorten skirts, dresses, pants. Not this dress. It can be dressed up with accessories or as casual as a beach cover up. I like the color also. Not too dark burgundy.


Cute online, but the neckline was a bit too high...not like picture shown. Runs small, the material is form fitting to body.


