I ordered the long sleeve recently and loved it so decided to order again in the short sleeve gray.


I'm pretty sure this was a return because the tag was cut out of the back and it wreaked of some kind of gasoline and oil. It's in the washer now so hopefully the smell comes out. Also I ordered a small but pretty sure this is a medium. I'm so disappointed. I had planned on ordering more in different colors :(


The dress arrived exactly as expected based on the pictures and information provided. The fabric is thin but not see through, very comfortable in fact. I had to decide between M and L and ended up going with the Large. The fit is perfect- I am a 38D, nice and snug, not too tight, and I am a bit bigger around the love handle area (42 inches), which the flow/fit of the dress fits perfectly (or should I say hides it!). I normally always float between Medium and Large for dresses or tops similar to these, but I would have to say it fits a bit small for being a Large (totally based off my experience with how L vs M normally fits me).


This dress is a great casual summer dress!  I am 5'4" and 132lbs. I usually wear a medium or 6 in dresses. After reading the sizing chart and reviews I ordered a size small. The dress is still loose fitting and long enough to hit about an inch above my knee caps. I'm a mom of two young kids and I needed to be able kneel down without being worried my bottom was showing. I also wear bike shorts under my dresses and you can't see it. Feels great--like a soft t shirt. BUY THIS DRESS!


This dress is made of the softest, most comfortable material. It is loose and flowing and feels light which makes it perfect for the harsh summers in Florida. I loved it so much, I now own several more in different colors, as well as a few sleeveless ones. They are very easily maintained. Simply wash, dry and hang in closet. No ironing needed unless you do not hang it up immediately out of dryer. They can be casual (worn with tennis shoes) or dressy with the right accessories and heels. Read the description based on your chest size to know which size to get. I promise you'll love it!


I'm 5'7" and weigh about 185 lbs. I ordered an XL and it fit perfectly. This is a very nice, casual dress that can be dressed up or down. Washes well (so far) and laid flat to dry after tossing it in the dryer for an initial 5-10mins to get the wrinkles out. I also wanted to note that the green color is prettier than I expected. It's more of a jade that what showed on my phone. Overall, it's a great buy for a simple dress that can be so versatile.


Not sure what I was expecting since I don't normally order clothes online, but I took a chance and I am very glad I did. I really like this dress. The fabric is super soft and it really fits well. Since I am short (5' 2") it hits right above the knee, which is what I was hoping since I can use it for work. I bought the dark green, which is a beautiful color. Paired up with a black blazer, it really looked like a much more expensive piece.


The absolute only downside for me with this dress is that I really wish it had pockets, but I knew when I ordered that it didn't, so I can't hold that against it. Suuuuper comfy, stretchy but not in the way where it loses its shape or clings to you, breathable, the purple was a rich vibrant color that didn't fade when I washed it, and it wasn't crazy short which is a problem I've had with similar dresses from other brands I've gotten on Amazon (and I'm 5'2", so nothing should be short on me!). This hits at the knees for me, fits in the shoulders and the boobs, and everywhere else it just flows, so it's very flattering.


Very see-through.  You need to wear a slip or other liner under this dress.


***Update:  MOLERANI contacted me to refund me for the price of the dress.  Their customer service is wonderful, and I would definitely do business with them in the future.


Ran true to size and is a really cute dress - my only issue is that every single hem on my dress was unraveling when it arrived - strings hanging everywhere. Tried to snip them off, but they just continued to unravel. I'm scared to wash it! For almost $20, I was expecting better quality.


I usually am skeptical about tshirt dresses because it seems like you need to be stick thin to not look like you are wearing a potato sac, but this dress proved me wrong! I am 5' 8", 140 pounds with a pear shaped body and this dress fits perfectly. I am going to avoid putting it in the dryer though because if it shrinks it will be way to short to wear without leggings. Right now it is short enough that I wouldn't be able to wear it to work without leggings, but it is long enough that I can wear it out without leggings no problem!


It is pretty fitted in the chest area, and if you sweat a lot it would be hard to, well, hide your pit stains with the lighter colors.


