Based on the reviews and picture I thought this would be better. I like that the length is a tad shorter than other t-shirt dresses I've seen, but I thought this had a cuffed sleeve, it doesn't and the material wouldn't work for that. Also I thought the neck would be wider, it's not like the pic which would make it a little more feminine. I'm keeping it because it's "ok" but I wouldn't buy again.


I bought this dress after a friend of mine ordered. It fit her perfectly. She had on a medium but she is rather large chested. I decided to order a small. I'm 5'7, 125 pounds, size B cup. When the dress came and I tried it on, it was huge! It had no shape and you could see through it completely. My husband said it looked like I was wearing a mumu or night dress. I returned immediately and will not be purchasing again.


I really wanted to like this item and I was pretty excited about ordering it. Maybe there was some kind of mistake, but what I got was definetly nothing like the picture. It wasn't even really a t-shirt dress. It had elastic around the sleeves and neck, as though you ere supposed to wear it straight across with off the shoulder sleeves (if that makes visual sense)? The bottom was fine, enough. But there was that very weird structure to the top, combined with a very tight chest (and I ordered a size up), that kind of makes it unwearable. What I got looked nothing like the picture or the pictures posted by other people that purchases it, so I'm hoping I'm just a fluke and other people had better experiences? But just a warning.


I was worried about buying a dress I hadn't tried on.. I'm a 10/12, and wear a 38D. Dress is flowy and cute. Love the sleeves aren't capped sleeves. Great length on my 5'4" frame. Would recommend!! (Order the size you normally wear- I went with a L)


Purchased this dress in Green, after loving my initial purchase of this same dress in the Mauve/Pink color. Dress fit as expected, ordered size Small. Jersey knit like fabric, fitted at the top, hangs loosely nice and breezy dress. Nice and casual on its own. Dress it up with a belt. Only drawback with this specific dress is the color, the Green wasn't as dark/rich in color as pictured.


I love this dress so much the sleeves r longer then the cap sleeves that all shirts have normally . I love them .. but full disclosure my husband said why r ur sleeves so long ... n i told hom r u crazy thats why i love this dress ... very loose n flowy but tighter on my bust its perfect . Very very soft . It was too big for me by quite a bit but i washed it n super hot water n now its fine . I would rather order big n shrink it down then get a mediem thats too small  . Im ordering at leqst 2 more .


I love this dress! I decided to buy the v neck and tank dress from the same company. The dress is comfortable and soft. The fit is spot on. I bought this to wear around the house in the summertime but nice enough to go out to the store in. It looks great as is or I feel can be worn to work with leggings. Very cute!


I'm 5' 3", 125lbs and the small was a perfect fit.


This fabric clings to the body.  These dresses are comfortable, but, since I have them I use them as nightgowns.  I would never go out in public with nothing left to the imagination.  These fit nicely, are well made of a quite thin, but quality fabric.


I generally wear a medium and that's what I ordered. It fits perfectly. It is very lose and flowy through the waist and hips, and SO SOFT. I'm only 5'1", and upon arrival, the dress hit me mid knee. After washing and drying in the dryer, it hits a few inches above my knee, which is perfect.


I have an hourglass figure, so don't really go for loose clothing like this as it just makes me look fat. But I bought this to be a nightgown, and it's perfect for that purpose. I could probably wear a small with no issues.


I got this in the blue and love it so much I'm ordering more colors!  It is the perfect combo of swingy/not clingy but still shaped enough that I don't look like a potato sack.  For reference I am 5'6" size 12 and the Large fit great.  Hits above the knee but still long enough to wear to work.  I'm pleased with the fabric quality so I'm guessing the black is made out of different fabric since that color has the bad reviews.  This dress is going to be my 'work uniform' this summer, just need more colors.


