I never buy things online since I never truly trust clothes until I try them on, but I figured there were so many good reviews and there are free returns. Very happy with my purchase - looks as expected, fit as expected (I followed the size guide)! It's not see-through or anything and wasn't super short like dresses tend to be on me (I'm 5'7).


So soft and flowing! This dress is amazing, perfect for casual wear over the summer but also easy to dress up just in case. It's a little bit shorter than expected, but not so short that I was uncomfortable in it. I'm 5"4 and 145lbs with a butt and I ordered a medium.


I love this dress and will be ordering it in different colors! I'm currently almost 9 months pregnant, and it is super comfy,flowy, and not to short in the front (I also don't have a huge belly though). I'm 5'5, about 150 prepregnancy, and a medium is perfect. Be aware, the material isn't very thick so it's not very forgiving for a t shirt dress.


This simple t-shirt dress is a must have. The sizing is true, it drapes well, and it’s comfortable. It needs to be washed in cold water and hung dry, and the fabric requires almost no ironing after hanging. It can be dressed up with jewelry and simple heels or or worn with flip flops. I’ll definitely be ordering a few more in different colors.


Would have loved it if they carried an XS.  I'm 5'6", 128 lbs and I ordered a small.  It was way too big for me.  I really love the fabric (super-soft!) and the deep red color was beautiful, but I have to return it.


This dress is really nice. At first the material was a little static-y but after a wash it was fine. Is this my new favorite dress? No, but for the price it's really nice. I ordered a medium and it fit well, except it was a little short (I'm 5'8"). It's fingertip length so it's fine for work but since it has sleeves, the hem rises when I lift my arms.


When I opened the packaging and felt this dress I could not wait to wear it. Once I tried it on I noticed a huge hole in the seam that wasn't stitched. Totally disappointed. I was ready to buy another one in a different color, but worried it will come damaged.


Well who would have guessed. I’m 5’5”, 125 lbs...... and it turns out the Medium size on this dress is a great fit for me. Because I’m of a ‘mature age’ (read ‘middle age spread’) I have to say I’m thrilled with the smooth way the dress hangs. To top it off not only is the navy blue color a deep, rich blue, but the length is perfect!


Doesn't look at all like it doesn't on the model in the picture.  It is thin and very clingy material.  Shows everything.  I am using it as pajamas.  Good for nothing else.  Wouldn't want to be seen in public in it.


I love this dress so much that I came back to purchase it in two more colors. It's perfect for work with sandals or a comfy outfit for sight seeing with sneakers. You can dress it up or down depending on the occasion. It's also extremely comfortable! Just remember to hang to dry instead of tossing in the dryer or you'll shrink it.


