You would think that for this not to be an expensive dress it would look cheap or not fit well because its not a custom fit well guess again. I wear a 14/16 and that's what I ordered and it fit perfect. I'm a curvy  5'2" so I had to get about 4 inches cut off so that my shoes could be seen but this is a very pretty dress. What makes it so wonderful is that the dress is beaded with light weight beads and the sequence is very classy. And the dress has a lot of stretch to it which give with any body flaws. The bottom is sheer but has a lining so that the sheerness doesn't come to high up the leg. The zipper zips very well and there were no loose beads. It is a very dark navy and it is very modest but sexy. If you're on the fence about this dress buy it and I don't think you'll be sorry.


I was overall well pleased with this dress. There were a few issues, but given the price, I'm still giving it four stars.


To begin, I am 5'10, with broad shoulders, fairly chesty, a bit of a gut, and long legs. I normally wear a 14 Long in jeans, and a 16 in dresses. This dress fit my shoulders and stomach well. It was a little tricky twisting into it by myself, but once it was on, the upper body portion was very comfortable. I had full movement of my arms, and there was more than enough give in the torso area that I'll be able to wear a stomach smoother and whatever type of bra I want. The overall length was, however, a little short. In bare feet, it was just a hair shorter than I'd like a dress to be. This means whatever shoes I wear will have to have paper-thin soles; heels are out unless I want to look somewhat awkward. That is certainly doable, but I'd've preferred a little more length. The second issue I had was the sequined portion that falls over the hips. Standing or sitting still was fine, but I had to be very careful about walking around and how I sat down; there is not a lot of allowance for lateral leg movement. I could feel the fabric trying to tear, and that was just walking around my bedroom. Again, manageable, but not perfect. Another small irritation was that the sequins on the torso area rubbed uncomfortably against the insides of my arms when my arms were by or brushed my sides. The only other issue I had with the dress was just a preference thing; I didn't like that the lower portion of the dress was so sheer. I followed the suggestion of another reviewer and put on an ankle-length black skirt underneath, and that filled it out really well.


This dress is stunning. I have broad shoulders but a small chest and the dress fit very well despite my body shape. A padded bra is advised for there is extra fabric that hangs in the chest area if you are on the smaller side. The dress was very comfortable and hugged the body but not to enhance unwanted curves. I am about 5'5 and wore flats with the dress and the dress did drag about 2 inches on the floor. It is advised to wear heels or hem the dress for the edges that dragged did get pulled and somewhat frayed. Do be careful storing the dress because the beading and sequin did get caught on each other and pull on the design. The dress did hold up very well despite everything and is incredible for the price.


I was pleasantly surprised with this dress when it arrived. I thought it would not be as pretty as it was in online, but it was just as pretty! The beading and details are really well done. I couldn't decide between the colors, I bought both the black and silver and the champaign and beige color. The color of the champaign dress is very pretty, just not good on my skin tone so I will be sending it back. My only complaint with the dresses  ( and this was on both dresses, so I think it would be for most of their products in this line) the zippers stick and are fairly hard to zip up. But, for the price, ya can't really complain.  I bought the size 18-20, i generally wear a 16 so it runs a tad on the small side as most formals do. Overall, very happy and would recommend this dress to a friend.


I have learned with most clothing decisions that if you are honest about your size, the sizing chart can be spot on. I wear a size medium shirt, 12 pants, and 10 dress. I ordered the 10/12 dress and it fit like a glove. I am 5"6 so it hit the floor but once you put on heels it is a perfect length. It arrived on time in perfect condition. I was the bell of the ball at the 1920's casino night.


I'm 170lbs 36-30-40. The size I ordered was 10/12 medium. Very comfortable. Not tight feeling at all but fits my curves. Ships fast. Received dress one week after ordering.


The dress is better than the pictures, size fit as expected and a beautiful handwork with the details of the dress!


love love it .. would love the option of a bolero or jacket w it ,,, its for mother of the bride  weddings in nov  my arms are my dislike point so im goint to have to make a jacket or have one made  < but you dont know what ive been through>  but my body is odd number bust 34 waist 30  hip 40 ..weight 156  5'2  got a 10-12  becuz it was 6-8 or 10 -12 i got 10-12 ... its a little big in places but with what i have been through its ok we will hem it and take it in  a tiny bit as for see through not really so much that i saw but im wearing a black slip so i dont care but  it covers my butt and lower  i dont see that anyone would see anything  ..id order it again in another color if i needed a classy dress but id love the jacket bolero option


Lovely dress. I would give this five stars but since I'm about 6' tall, I needed to wear dance shorts underneath since the beaded part just barely covered my bottom when I was standing up straight (a slip would have fixed that as well). If you're not an 6' tall Amazon woman like me, you'll probably be okay without a slip. I usually wear a size 12 (sometimes 10) and the 10/12 fit me perfectly, contouring to my curves without being too tight or clingy, so I would say this is true to size. There were a couple loose threads on the bodice when I received the dress, but trimming them didn't seem to make any sequins come loose so that was no problem. I wore this for a night of New Year's Eve dancing without any loss of shape or loss of sequins, and this dress looked more expensive than it was. I would absolutely recommend this dress if you're going for a Downton Abbey or sophisticated Great Gatsby look.


