I'm definitely surprised with this dress! I've got pretty big hips and was worried that this mermaid style was going to look horrible on me, but I took the chance anyway! I read SEVERAL reviews before ordering and took the advice to go a few sizes down. I'm easily a 14/16, but I ordered a 10/12. I'm also 5'3" and I was expecting it to be way too long, but when I tried it on I was barefoot and it barely brushed the floor. So no alterations needed for me!! Very happy about this one. I'll probably be using it for the Gatsby wedding I'll be attending next month!


I wore this dress to chaperone prom for the high school where I teach. The theme of prom was "A Night at the Oscars." I went with an 'Old Hollywood' style of dress and accessories. My entire ensemble turned out fabulous and very economical. I received many compliments on my outfit and my dress in particular. The dress was not scratchy from the sequins or the fabric. I loved the way the sheer bottom flowed around my legs. I did not have any issues with the slip panel under the sheer bottom being too short and exposing my backside. The sequins caught the late-day sunlight brilliantly and looked fabulous under the inside lighting also. For support, I wore a good strapless bra with clear straps. It worked perfectly on this dress. The dress was sewn with quality and I didn't notice any loose sequins or torn seams. The price of the dress was outstanding! I also ordered the dark red dress in this same style but ultimately went with the black and silver. Beautiful dress!


When I give something 4 stars it means I'm satisfied with the purchase and can recommend it to others.  However I probably won't wear this for the event I bought it for, and not sure if I'll keep it.  I am 5'5", 138lbs and curvy (34DD), and thought this ran big.  I ordered the 6/8 and it is so generous it falls straight without being form fitting at all .  The beading falls to just above the knee and there is an attached lining that falls below the knee (which I will cut off if I keep it).  The skirt is semi sheer.  I had hoped the dress would be more form-fitting and the skirt below the beading would be more sheer.  Also the dress is shorter than I expected.  For me, it falls just to the floor without the pooling at the floor as pictured.  The chiffon looks a little polyester-y and cheap up close, but overall the look is quite pretty (I ordered the burgundy with black sequins).  I'm not in love with it, but for a formal event, this is a budget-friendly, attractive option.  If you want it form-fitting, size down.


I was looking for a dress for a formal banquet we are attending in May.  This one was beautiful, had mostly good reviews, the price was affordable, and it was offered with a free return!  My order came in quickly and I am very happy with it! I was worried about it being too long, because I am only 5' 4", but with my heels it's perfect!  The bottom of the skirt is a bit sheer. There is another shorter layer underneath, but it only reaches me mid thigh, so if you are tall, or have a big bottom, you may need to wear something under it. It's made simply, so if it needs altering in any way, it can be done easily. The fabric is a little stretchy, so it will be comfortable sitting or moving around. I wear a 12-14 right now, but because of the remarks about it running a little big, I ordered the 10-12. It fits good, not tight at all.


I am on a diet right now and plan to loose at least a little weight, but if this dress gets too loose, I'll just take it in a bit. Even with the beaded and sequined top, there is some room along the side seams so it can be taken in easily!


*Update* we attended the banquet last weekend, and I got so many compliments on the dress! It is so elegant, beautiful, and comfortable too.


I csn say enough how beautiful this dress is. I'm wearing this to my wedding receotion. The color is perfect, it fits perfectly. It flows at the bottom and covers up all the right areas.


I'm 5'4ish, 148 lbs, and I carry most of my weight in my butt and thighs. 36-28-42. I'm wearing a 6/8 (small).


I have to be careful with 20s inspired dresses because they typically don't show off my defined waist, making me look boxier/bigger than I am. That is NOT the case with this one!


The body of the dress is a soft, stretchy material. It's slightly short but that's not uncommon for me due to my curvy lower half. its not so short that I'm uncomfortable, especially with the additional layers of skirting that hide my legs.


There are two layers of sheer skirting, a long one that skims the floor and a shorter one underneath that. Both are attached to the base of the body of the dress.


The beaded mesh overlay is thin and not heavy. It's also attached to the base, but only on the sides as opposed to all the way around. I feel like this gives me a little more breathing room as it allows for movement.


It's not too long - the sheer skirt does skim the floor but not excessively. (I did pick up some grass while taking these pictures but, hey, it's a formal dress.) It's also not as heavy as some other ornate dresses I've worn. It feels slightly more delicate and potentially prone to minor snagging, but I don't feel like this would be an issue at most events this would likely be worn at. Overall, this is gorgeous, flattering, and comfortable, and I would absolutely buy it again. I want more colors but have no reason to wear them lol. 5 stars!


I am 5'9 and the dress just barely hits the floor with heels on. Perfect length. Great material. I am a size 14 and it fit perfect.


I wore this dress for my engagement party which jad a black and gold theme and it was absolutely stunning. It was so elegant and no one could believe I got it from Amazon. It was very comfortable and even had some wiggle room. I'm 5'8 and 195 lbs and typically wear a size 12/14 but ordered a 14/16.


I bought the large (usually wear Ann Taylor 12/14) and it was a little loose. I think the 10/12 would have fit a little prettier, but it would have been skintight and uncomfortable, while the 14/16 bunched up in the back just a little bit. Aside from that it very comfortable (probably because it was a little big), the sequins lit up like a disco ball and it looked great. In 3 inch heels it was the perfect length and didn't drag on the floor at all (I'm 5'7"). If you're going to be sitting/leaning up against something for a long period of time, just note that the sequins and beading do dig into your skin and it can get painful. FYI, the bottom is sheer and will show your legs (there is a hokey slip that hits just below the knee and looks awful). I bought a plain black maxi skirt and wore it underneath the dress to hide my legs, which helped with the bit of extra material because you couldn't even tell I was wearing a skirt—it looked like part of the dress.


It looked far more expensive that it actually is, and I got compliments all night.


I Lovedddd This dress! Nobody believed me when i told them how much I paid! It's true to size and fits me perfectly.


