i was hoping it would fit my large hip thigh area as folks said it had plenty of stretch..just not enough for saddle bags. Was beautiful.  The sequins did bother the underside of my arms but as I have large arms I suspect it wouldn't be a problem for smaller people.


I ordered my normal size 2xl and it was stretchy enough to put on but I’m 5’10” and bodice fit me more like a long shirt than a dress. The length hit me about mid calf so it was way too short.


i bought this for a themed wedding.  Its an amazing dress. I felt like a princess. It was a little tight in the arms a bit, but i had sometime to get my arms tones up with stregth training so it was fine after that.


I bought this for my daughter.  She is 5'4"  about 130 lbs and athletic, she has broad shoulder and many dresses are restrictive because of her shoulders.  She said this is the most comfortable evening dress she has ever worn.  We also bought a black mermaid slip to go under the dress because the dress is sheer on the bottom.  The dress has a liner that goes longer than we thought and it is fine without the slip but looks beautiful with a little umph at the bottom. It is great with heels.  Better than we expected for the price.


I loved this dress so much.  Gorgeous and comfortable.  Keep hoping for another 20s party


This is a very well made dress. Nice material that lays well over curves with some stretch to it and a little weight to it from the securely sewn sequins/jewels. A little too long on me, but I am petite at 5'2", however it was still too long with 4" heels. Still, I'm very impressed by the attention to details, lack of hanging threads, quality of the beads, and comfort of the soft fabric.


Beautiful i love it I brought it for my daughter in law whose in Trinidad for a wedding she told me ordered the 18/20. I normally wear in dresses size 10/12 and when I tried it on it was big on me but I could of worn it so I returned for the next size up if it's to big for her she can take it in to fit than taking the to small dress all the way to Trinidad and it's to small better safe than sorry it's a beautiful dress that looks and feels more expensive get it if u are wondering these free return. .


I had 7 days to get ready for a masquerade ball!  No choice but to order a dress. The dress was perfect! I got the Burgundy on a 10-12 I'm only 5'4" do it was a little long I just took a couple stitches to ruche the sides so I could walk . I got compliments from 1/2 the women there and My husband was impressed! Order the gloves they can be hard to find .


I got the 18/20 sz as I'm larger chested and it fits perfectly, decent quality, not as long as other reviews made it sound. I'm 5'2 and 3in heels are the max that looks nice.


This dress is very well made. The details were fabulous, and the material was nice. The bottom is see through, but you don't have to worry about showing anything. The beaded portion covers everything well. I didn't need a slip for it. The length for me was perfect. I am 5'9, ordered a medium, and it just barely touched the lower part of my foot. I wore 3 in heels with it and it was perfect. I received tons of complements on it. It held up well all night with lots of standing, sitting and dancing.


