The dress is beautiful. I love the detail stitching. This would have been five stars if not for one issue. I purchased the dress color beige and it is actually apricot in color. Fortunately I loved the color combination so I am making it work.


Such a beautiful dress!!! I absolutely loved it!! I received a lot of compliments all night!! I Would recommend to anyone wanting a fabulous dress for a great price!!!


Such a beautiful, well made dress!  I'm a size 20/22 and it fits PERFECT. I can't wait to wear it to my party! All the sequins and stones are perfectly placed and tied on tightly.


Bought this dress. The size is great but the zipper is completely messed up. It will not zip even when the dress is on a hanger. So not only did I spend 49$ on this dress I also spent 45$ on alertations


purchased this in a plus size, I really like the design but the fit was for a girl with all the right curves on the right places.. I'm gonna give this 4 stars because it's a really beautiful dress


The dress is beautiful. But the sizes are off. I topically wear a 16. But I did not want dress too tight so I ordered 18-20. The dress was way to tight. So disappointed. I ordered another 20-22. It arrived yesterday. It’s alittle bigger but still tight. I will be returning both dresses. Too bad, as the dress is so beautiful.


Decided to order this dress on a whim - and I'm glad i did. It's not heavy or bulky and fits as expected.


Good quality for the price. It is a nice heavy fabric on the top. The bottom is see through, so it is best to wear a long slip underneath or else risk having your underwear show. Overall, beautiful dress and cheap price. I am 5 foot and 125 lbs...so I ordered a medium and it fit well. I had to just hem the bottom since it was a bit long.


Perfect dress for Harlem nights wedding! The dress looks way more expensive than what you pay. The only con I have is the dress is a little short on me- I'm 5'7" am a 18-20 - the dress is a 20-22 .If youre shorter than me it will definitely work!


This dress was cute. However I was looking for a dress for my Baby Shower. Again, it was a nice dress, I just didn't "LOVE" it.


The seller did an awesome job with shipping. I received this quickly. Hope this helps


