It is a pretty dress but just not my style.  I love the colors and it is quality.  I think it would look good if I were taller.


What is pretty and fits dress for me. It better than imagined. Also the dress has good quality with good fabric. Love it!


The dress fit perfectly. I loved it until I arrived at the venue and I noticed the beading and sequins were falling off. A few hours later I noticed a decent sized hole where the top part ends. No one else could see it but I’m pretty disappointed it barely lated one evening.


This dress was PERFECT! Even though the actual dress don't look exactly like the pic, I STILL LOVED IT!I was a little nervous about the size. I am a 40DDD! Plenty at the top, and nothing at the bottom 😕. I ordered a XL. The material is a good quality and is a little stretchy.  I could have got away with a L🤔. I wanted to be safe than sorry. I received plenty of compliments that night. I'm glad I looked on Amazon!


This is a beautiful dress and looks very expensive!  I can't believe the price.  I ordered the navy blue and it is both elegant and sexy.  It is very comfortable as fits perfectly.  I highly recommend this dress.


It was an awesome purchase! Purchased for a gatsby party and had it brought in so it would fit a little better, I'm normally a size two so this was a little baggy pre alteration. Got lots of compliments ! Seriously looks like it could be worth 300 dollars and it's only 40 bucks! Such a great deal for this. You won't regret this buy!


This is an amazing dress. My daughter wore it to a vintage themed wedding. It was perfect!


I have been in love with this dress for several months.  I bought it for a party that I had this past Saturday.  It was gorgeous when it arrived.  Unfortunately, it was also tighter than expected. I returned it for a refund and wore a different dress.


I absolutely LOVED this dress! I had a black tie wedding to attend and ordered this dress in an xs and small just to be safe. The small fit ok but I wanted it slightly more form fitting without being too tight. The xs was perfect so I’m returning the small. I normally wear a size 6 in jeans.


I got so many compliments. I can’t wait to wear it again.


This dress is gorgeous.  Looks so much more expensive.  The fabric is very rich looking.  I purchased this for an elaborate party and I feel soooooo elegant in it.  I am definitely thrilled with this purchase.


