I can't believe what a beautiful dress this is for the price! I bought it to wear to a 1920's fundraiser gala; it will be perfect! It is flattering to my size 18, mature woman body and will make me feel pretty and dressy! It is comfortable because it is stretchy and soft even with all of the sequins and beads! Can't wait to wear it!


Loved the dress, it fit amazing and made my booty look great.  I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 because the beautiful outside material  really irritated the inside of my arm as it rubbed on the dress throughout the night.


I really loved this dress. It comes exactly how it looks in the picture. It does run a little bit larger than I would have liked it to. I almost always wear a medium and even the small was baggy on me. Just order a size down and you will love it!


Great dress for an amazing price! Unfortunately, I had to return it as it was a little big for me but that was my fault because I ordered a size larger than what I normally do because it was the only one available with prime shipping and I needed a dress for a black tie event. I would definitely order again if I ever need a dress like this.


It's a stunning dress but I'm 5'3" and it is too long.  Not only too long but I could not use a bra of any kind due to the top being see-thru.  I may choose to spend a bit to have it hemmed and have it brought up in the shoulders or I may return it.  i was not able to use it for the event I had planned due to the issues but I had ordered a second dress just in case.


This was stated as true to fit, but it is not true.  I got the 18/20 which is my normal measurements, but it fit too small in the hips and begin to tear when I sat down.  When ordering this, go by your official measurements (B, W, H) and not the number size.  Had to return.


Dress was stretchy but a bit snug still! Very sheer I wore a slip underneath! Wonderful NYE Gatsby dress!


Beautiful, elegant dress that was perfect for a very formal military ball.  Fun to run into someone at the affair that had my same sense of humor… and fashion sense!


This dress was delivered quickly and it is amazing. Not disappointed at all. I wish I could take a picture with it on but it's a gift for my mother. I'm in love with this dress. Great quality. This dress eased my fears of buying dresses online.


This dress is absolutely amazing!!! I'm having a Gatsby themed wedding and my bridesmaids will be wearing it in navy! I bought one dress for everyone to try on it's very stretchy but it conforms to the different body shapes!!! I love it! One of my girls will need about 5 inches added to the length of the dress, and some will need it hemmed while others it's fits perfectly!!! So excited about the quality and the price for my ladies!!!


