This dress is absolutely stunning! I am a size 8 and the small size dress fit perfectly. The fit is figure flattering without being too tight because the fabric has nice give to it. I am slightly disappointed in the half slip; it would look better if it were the full length of the gown because you can see the slip through the bottom half. Also the champagne color has more peachy pink tones than I expected.( hence the 4 star rating) I was hoping it was more beige. I'm 5'4" so the dress will need to be hemmed, but probably only by 2-3" once I have 2-3" heels on. Can't wait to wear this for my son's wedding!


Dress is much better than I expected. Needed for a black tie event. Amazing value!!!  I am 5' 2" and 130 lbs. was very concerned about what size to purchase. I bought a Small and it fits great, a tiny bit loose.  It is very very long, I sew so that's no issue.  I will probably need to shorten by 5 to 6 inches and I will still wear 2" heels.


Beautiful dress and great quality. I'm 5'10" and 190 pounds and the XL fits great. The length is just skimming the floor with no shoes on. Would definitely recommend.


I bought a larger size but the fit was small.  because of the sequins the stretch is limited so feels uncomfortable.  I wasn't impressed with the overlay at the bottom, made the dress look cheap.


its a beautiful dress but it is so weird on the bottom. it has two layers for the bottom and the bottom layer is shorter than the outer layer and you are able to see through it.


I loved this gown. I actually could have used a large but went with XL according to what I wear. Got several compliments all night. Highly recommend it. I'm 5ft was a tad bit long but nothing that heels wouldn't help.


I am so disappointed that this did not fit! The beading on the dress is stunning,  but it also prevents the dress from stretching in the hip area (which is what I need). I had to return this.


The dress is for a "Runway" themed event and it will be perfect.  The dress is very well made and the little stretch in it makes it just a perfect fit!


Purchased this dress for a wedding. It showed up quickly and was better than I could have imagined. I was afraid it would be “cheap or flimsy” looking and it was not. The sequins were sown on so well and the material underneath was thick enough to keep it from being see thru but not heavy enough to weight the dress down. Also it was was long enough. I’m 6’ tall and wear anywhere from size 10-14 in pants I bought the XL to ensure it would be long enough. Worked out perfectly.


Beautiful dress without spending a fortune!! Fits perfect, stretchy didn't even have to unzip it.. Slightly long but I don't mind paying to hem it since it was such a good price! I bought this dress to wear to my daughters upcoming sweet 16 and I'm so happy with it ! Highly recommend it to anyone that needs a formal dress but doesn't want to go broke!!


