This product was much smaller than anticipated. And, unfortunately, it doesn't come larger than I ordered it. I loved this dress and desperately wanted to wear it for my daughter's wedding, it's so beautiful and fancy and well-made. I, sadly, returned it, and I got an immediate refund, with no questions or problems. I love Amazon.


This product is just as pictured, fit perfectly and isn't too long on my 5'8 frame. I have a modest chest and it fit well and comfortably. Would definitely reccomend!


I just received my gorgeous gown from prettyguide.i choose gold and black which is classic. omg am in love, I go this gown for a military ball and am so excited to wear it. the price is perfect. I choose a size 14/16 and it fits let a glove the length is perfect even when wearing the heels I'll be wearing with it.. i would recommend this dress any time absolutely  it comes in 16 different color combinations


Stunning!  So thankful that a friend mentioned ordering a formal dress on amazon.  My daughter wore this dress to her prom last weekend and got so many compliments.  The fit was wonderful, the price even better!  It was well made and comfortable.  We did have to have it taken up as my daughter is only 5'3, but that wasn't a big deal.  Definitely recommend this dress.


This dress is absolutely gorgeous... Well designed, lightweights and fashionable... The only thing was the length of the dress...kind of long.. But nothing than a good tailor to get it fix.. Other than that... It is amazing... I totally recommend it...


Dress is a great reproduction of the dress shown.  Seemstress did a great job with craftsmanship.  Material is not of the highest quality but is good for the purchase price.  Well made gown.  I wear a ladies M or size 10.  I ordered the size 10/12 and it was a perfect fit.  I'm 5ft. 8 1/2 in. tall; no alterations required.  No regrets!


This is probably my best Amazon purchase to date. I got an XL and it is a true to size fit (I am XL in most clothes and size 16). It is sheer at the bottom and the way the back Is cut will require some sort of slip, tights, or other undergarment to be worn as to not leave the butt cheeks exposed. I don't think I will ever go back to shopping for an overpriced formal dress at a mall again. I almost wish I had gotten the black on black instead of the black and gold, but my husband liked the pop of color and thought it would look great with his military uniform.


Was very pleasantly surprised about the quality and fit of this dress, especially for the price. When the $200+ dress that was planning to wear from my closet didn't fit, I had to find another solution quick for a black tie wedding. As soon as I put this dress on I felt great. Loved the unique and modern (but classy) style - and believe it or not it was very comfortable!


The dress is quite stunning. We are using this dress on an actress in our play. The person wearing this dress is 5'9 and wears a 9-10 (misses, not junior). We ordered the 10/12 and it hangs JUST right. She looks stunning in it. The only downside is the mesh fabric along the sleeves seems a bit delicate.. Take note of that if you need this for more than an evening out on the town. It shipped quickly as promised. Thank you.


PERFECT DRESS!!! Thank you to all the reviews.  I'm always nervous ordering dresses online and THIS DID NOT UPSET!  Perfect dress for a wedding where i was the MC at an outdoor reception at a country club.  Size was perfect.  Dress had just the right amount of bling and loved the cup sleeves. I'm 5'6" and took my shoes off when i hit the grass and it didn't drag much.  LOVE THE DRESS!!!  ARRIVED ON TIME!!!


