This dress is very pretty and well done  I wore this to prom, and received many compliments. My only complaint is the arms, as the band was a little small and the sequins were scratchy, but it wasn't a major concern. This fit as I expected, I'm a pretty true to size 18 and the XXL/size 18 for me perfectly. The material has somewhat of a give, but defietily wouldn't stretch up a size, so order your normal size. Overall, I'm super happy I bought this, it was gorgeous for the price I paid for it.


I was hesitant to buy a formal gowns online without trying it on, but this dress came today and it is flawless. And forgiving of my lumps! The beaded part is actually a separate piece from the black bottom! It's so lovely. I was debating whether or not I was even going to attend this function but now I definitely am because I love this dress so much. 6 stars!


I LOVE THIS DRESS!  IT'S A LITTLE LONG SO I HAVE TO HEM IT BEFORE MY SON'S WEDDING THOUGH, BUT IT IS JUST WHAT I WANTED.  IT LOOKS JUST LIKE THE PICTURE.  IT WAS ACTUALLY STRETCHY ENOUGH THAT I DIDN'T NEED TO UNZIP IT OR ZIP IT.


I chose fit as expected because you should expect to wear a larger dress size than clothing size. Thats the way it has always been in my case anyway. I usually wear 14/16 in clothes. Im 5'2" 204# so I read the reviews and ordered the XL 18/20 and I think it fits wonderful. I have room to move and even sit down lol! I love this dress. It will be perfect for my event.


Very beautiful gown...too beautiful for my event so it went back.  If you want something very formal, get this.  It's just lovely.


It is a beautiful dress the solid section at the bottom of the garment is a see through sheer material would have preferred that it would have been a solid fabric.  My daughter looks beautiful in it.


I love this dress.  It glided right on and fit like it was made for me.  I can't wait to wear it to my event in August.


It is a beautiful dress and arrived earlier than expected.  I chose the navy blue which has black sequins and silver beads, not navy blue sequins as expected. It fits me well.  I am 5' 1".  Because of previous reviews, I was also aware I may have to add a lining to the skirt and hem it.  I normally wear size 14, but I ordered XL, My measurements are 41", 39" waist, and hips, 44 inches.  It fits well, although, I make take it just in a little in the waist.  The beaded top reaches just above the knee.


Beautiful dress fit really nicely. Not to tight or to loose,its pretty stretch such is really nice. I bought it for a new years eve Gatsby themed formal party.


 I stand 5'11" so its the smallest bit to short barely an inch right over my feet not quite to the top which I would have liked but that's expected.


It also had some small cuts on the sides at the bottom next to the seam. I think its for room to move like they do in shorts but I'm not sure because they're next to the seam not a party of it.


 Other than that the dress fits wonderfully and I'm excited to wear it!!


Purchased this for a themed party at work "old Hollywood glam" and so glad I did. The dress looks much more expensive in than I expected and fits great. I'm 5"7 so the dress was a tiny bit short on me after wearing 4" heels but for the price, I couldn't complain!! Defenitely worth the purchase.


