Only problem was the top area over chest was a bit low for my daughter.  However got it in matter of a day or two and came in sealable bags and daughter loved the dress.  Great price and easy for us for this type of dress for a prom theme harder to come by without having to search all over for one.  First time ordering clothes from here online so a good experience.


Ordered this dress one size up from normal dress size and it fit perfect. Dress looks exactly like the picture. The bottom of the dress is see through, but the top is not and it long enough to cover everything that needs to be. :)


Perfect fit & style ... slight puddling but then again, I am 5'10" and wear 4inch heels ... without shoes, it is the perfect display ... lots of compliments


Love it! I wear 40DD and always have issues with size but this fit great! Plus recently had a c section but it did not bother my tummy.


So impressed with this product. I was nervous about it not fitting but it's perfect!


This dress was a lot of fun to wear. I never before had so many women tell me they loved my dress. I wanted to wear a sign saying I purchased this threw amazon, that's how proud I was.  For a one night out this dress did what it was suppose to do.  Loved the price, I did not go broke for a one night out. Very Happy


I'm a size 20 and short. It drags the ground the way I hoped. I had to wiggle into it but it looks beautiful. I didn't wear it very long...just tried it on.


Well maid dress for the price! My daughter (5"6 200lbs) wanted a gold dress for her prom and she ordered two dresses. She looks beautiful in the 1920's style dress! Very nice sequins and strechable (dress gold and beige 14/16) though the heart shaped lining is pink underneath and it shows thru gold sequins of dress. Even though description of dress was sold as gold & beige. Which allows my daughter to accessories with rose gold or gold!


I am 5'10, wear 18/20 or sometimes 22. I ordered a XXL. Perfect fit, perfect length. It's a lightwieght strechy material, but the sequins are beautiful. Very good dress, for a very good price. Can't wait to wear it for a 1920s costume contest & fundraiser.


I was so nervous about buying this dress, because I didn't have time to shop for anything else if it didn't fit! But it fits perfectly! It is just as elegant in my hand as it looks in the picture. There were no imperfections. I am 5'4' and with my 5 inch heels, it is the perfect sweep on the floor. It is not too heavy. I will have no problem at all wearing it for the 6 hour wedding and reception. The color is exactly as pictured! I am utterly thrilled!! Thank you!!! I did not receive this dress as a gift for my review! lol I purchased it, and would do so again, with no hesitation.


