I was worried that it would look cheap, but I was very pleased!  It's beautiful and elegant.  It is very heavy and feels expensive!  I wear a 12-14 in pants and ordered a 10-12.  It is very stretchy but I didn't want it to be tight.  I would definitely recommend!


I could not say enough great things about this dress!!! The dress is gorgeous and very comfortable!! I wore it for my daughters wedding this last weekend. I got so many compliments on the dress and everyone was shocked about where I got it and what I paid for it. I would highly recommend the purchase of this dress!!! Well worth the money!!!


I am impressed by the quality of this dress.  The price was fantastic for the price.  Yes it is sheer below but if you wear a long slip it will be fine.  Its beautifully made and heavy.  The quality if amazing for something so cheap.  You will love it!


Seems to accentuate every area I don't want put on diaplay. The quality is surprisingly nice. Maybe I'm just too shy. I think it would be better on ladies without curves.


This dress looks pretty in the picture and it is okay. You can tell it is cheaply made and the sequins fall off easily. It was too big and I had to have it taken in. The alterations ended up costing more than the dress. It can only be dry cleaned, which was also very expensive.


This dress definitely has a lot of pizzazz.  If you watch my short video, you will see that the upper part of the dress has a ton of sequins and beadwork that really reflect the light and sparkle.  This would be a gorgeous dress to wear out on the town or to a dance.


It is well sewn with no loose strings, busted out seams, or frayed edges.  It also has a bit of weight to it which only adds to the quality and durability of the dress.


I ordered a medium and I am 5’7” and weigh around 130lbs.  I would say that the top is a bit larger than what I expected.  It billows out a bit in the stomach area but still doesn’t look bad.


You can check out a front and back pic of me wearing it at the end of the video to give you an idea of what it looks like when being worn.


If you are looking for an eye catching dress that really sparkles, this would be a good choice.  I purchased this item at a discount in exchange for my honest review.


Very Disappointed. ..lining of the sequin bodice was not the same color as the ivory skirting,  making the dress look cheap and unattractive. Looks more suitable for Halloween dress up. Wouldn't recommend ordering the gold/ivory.


The dress was for my youngest granddaughter. She loved it. It did have a flaw on the front of some sort of glue or something and it was smeared but we were able to get it out for the most part. The size was correct and the pattern and color was as expected. Very pleased.


This is a pretty great dress. Im 5'9 & about 175. Ordered sz 11/12. Dress is pretty stretchy but fits good. Downside....its on the shorter side. I will not b able 2 wear heels with this dress as it already touches tops of my feet. Thats a bummer...way pic looks makes it look like its floor length. Its not so will have 2 wear flats.


Doesn't look like the picture with curves. It drops straight down on me (XL). Thought about trying a medium or large since it appeared to run big but since I no longer need it for the event I wanted it for I just returned it. It would be cute if it actually hugged the curves perfectly as pictured.


