My daughter likes this dress very much and is well suited to the shapes that look best in gowns.  We went up on a size as recommended on reviews.  The dress we received was dead on.  A super nice dress for the price and way better than expected for that price.


The dress is beautiful, very comfortable,  looks so incredibly elegant and well done.


After reading different reviews I bought a smaller size than my normal-  I'm usually  Large but in this case  purchased a  medium and it fits perfectly.


The dress is kind of long but nothing than a good tailor to get it fix.


I bought the gold/black option. MUCH more well-made than I expected, considering the price. I bought it for a speakeasy party and danced in it all night. Loved it so much I wore it again to a New Year's party. It's not just a beautiful 20s dress, it's a beautiful dress, period. Would be lovely at a formal event, themed or not.


A little loose in the waist for me, but I think that was the style back then (not fitted). I also was afraid of it being too tight so I played it safe with the sizing. Not the dressmaker's fault.


Love this dress!! Very elegant and flattery for the full figure. Fits like a glove and sequined area is long enough to cover the full body. The only issue is the underarm area is cut a little too deep. It arrived in a blink of an eye!!


very pretty gown.  and for a change fit okay across bust,  But unexpectedly long.


I am not sure how much it will cost to hem,  I am 62 inches and it is 6 inches to long.  It does drag on the floor even with 2.5 inch heels


Very excited to wear this dress in Feb. for a military ball. So pretty and comfortable.


Update*  Received so many compliments on this dress. Loved it and I felt pretty in it.


It was a nice dress, it fit as expected BUT the dress was more peach then beige, the color of the event I was going to was Gold, so upon receiving the dress I realized I would be a little out of place.  It is a pretty dress but I will be returning it.  It just didn't fit my needs.


I bought this for a friends Art Deco themed wedding. I am 5'9, 167. The dress fit perfectly. It was stretchy in all the right places and wasn't scratchy. The inner liner only comes down to about 8" above the knee so I bought a 24" black slip to wear with it. I ended up not needing the slip. Love the dress, it was worth the price and I'll definitely wear it again.


I had to return the dress two times I ordered it. The first time was because the dress was too big. I found that odd because I re took my measurements and they match what the 10/12 was. The second time I ordered it, I tried the dress on a few days after I got it in the mail and the zipper wouldn't work and the beading looked like crap. I wish I would have fit into the first dress I ordered since it looked much better. Needless to say, I returned the dress both times and wore something else to my event.


Fit is great. I was actually nervous about order online. I order a size up which is just a little bit loose and long but if I were to order my size it probably would have been a little tight. This is a very comfortable dress and absolutely stunning as well.


