This dress is beautiful! I am very pleased with the quality, fit, and style of the dress. I ordered this for a 1920’s theme gala and received so many compliments! You can’t beat this price!


The dress is absolutely beautiful!! Better then most formals I've bought in the past.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it runs very big and its stretchey material too.  - I had to order a medium and a large to see which one fits better and return one or the other.  According to the size chart I would wear an Xl but I ordered both medium and large and will keep the dress that fits the best...


returned only because I bought the blue dress too and I think the blue looked better on me.  What a great deal for the price.  Very elegant.  I was shocked!!


beautiful dress and I feel beautiful in it. I have some left over tummy pudge from having a baby months ago, but this dress hides that well (with some help from my spanx) and I received compliment after compliment when I wore this to a charity gala.


I received so many complements wearing this dress. The beading is beautiful and makes the dress look so elegant. The fit was extremely comfortable and honestly the most comfortable dress I have ever worn to a venue. The bottom was a bit sheer but not extremely noticeable. I would highly recommend this dress and would buy more different styles in the future.


Gorgeous piece! Very delicate and so beautiful! I bought the smallest size available but it's still a bit large for me. Still gonna keep it but may alter it myself.


Beautiful dress that got many compliments! Fit perfectly. I wore this for a Mardi Gras event and paired it with a mask (I got the gold sequined dress) but it would also work perfectly for a 1920's dress or even just a formal event.


It's a snug fit but I will wear a body shaper. The other problen is the raised hem area of the top is not centered but I don't think anyone will notice. It's a beautiful dress especially for the price. I love the blue! I wear a W18/20 and hippy just to let people know....


I love this dress!! But it ultimately was not the right choice for the event I was hosting/performing at. The dress has great quality and easily look like a $300 dress. Does not need much accessories because the top portion bedazzle is mind blowing. Definitely a unique piece.


This dress is beautiful!!. I was pleasantly surprised at how well made this dress is. I am sort of between a size 10 and 12, heavier on top, so I went with the Large. Thought it might be too big around my hips but it was a perfect fit for me. Not too tight, and comfortable move room. I love that the under lining comes down to my knees so I don't need to wear a slip. Bought this dress for a Gatsby themed Ball.  Unbelievable price for an awesome dress!!  Love it! Best decision to go with this Prettyguide brand. Will definitely wear again!!


