Having a daughter that is super picky about her clothes I was really worried about ordering this dress. It arrived perfectly packaged and we were both shocked at how well it fit and how the sizing was so true to size. She loved it so I am super pleased


Love this dress! The quality is amazing. I thought it would be a lot heavier to wear with all the beading but is very light and comfortable. The bottom of the dress is sheer (you can see your legs through the fabric) which I wasn't expecting. It still looks very elegant. i think the fit is a little big but I also have very wierd measurements. So I bought it to fit my hips not my waist. So it's a little loose on the top.


Love this dress! I am 5'6 and a half and weigh 219lb and the large 14/16 fits great! The bottom is see through but I don't mind it. If you are much taller than 5'6 I would recommend sizing up because the dress is barely just long enough for me.


This dress was everything. I'm a solid size 16 and this fit perfectly. I'm an F cup, and with that the length of it worked out perfectly with a set of low heels (I'm 5'1). I loved this dress so much that I had two for a formal night on a cruise and I changed out of the other one and back into this one on the 2nd night. Now I just need to find another reason to wear it!


Beautiful dress and great quality!  I was going to return but was able to sell to a friend shorter in stature.  I am 5'6" with a long torso.  I could not wear the dress because the top was not long enough.  The sheer bottom hit just below my buttocks.  The slightest bend and my bottom would show.  I could not order a larger size because the dress was already loose and runs large as stated in many of the reviews that I read.


Love this dress I was nervous to buy it but after reading the other reviews I took a chance and I'm glad I did it's a very nice dress and not cheaply made it has a nice weight to it but not to Heavy I'm going look great for my Harlem Nights 1920 party


Beautiful gown! I purchased size 12 black/beige mermaid hem and it fit as expected. For reference I’m 5’3, 36c and 180lbs with my weight in my butt and hips. It doesn’t drag too much but I will wear with heels. This dress will be perfect for formal night on my cruise coming up!


I absolutely love this dress. The fit was perfect; not too big, and not too small. I wore the dress with flats as I have a knee injury. The looked very nice on me. Thank you.


Beautiful Dress is as pictured, beautiful sequins are almost rose gold in color, chiffon is more peachy than champagne; chiffon is not a fine mesh but a more medium mesh. Mesh is sheer to the knees and has a small second layer doubling the chiffon to the sequined top layer. The fabric does have some stretch to it, unfortunately I am a curvy plus size, so it was too form fitting for me.


A beautiful dress, but I went by the bust measurements and it was too large. I normally wear an "8", but have a broad back so am a 38C. It fit on the top but was too loose every where else. I wish I'd tried a small, but I ordered the medium. If you have tricky measurements like me and have the time/money to order 2 different sizes I think it will be worth it.Really enjoyed the quality, especially for the price! Thank you Amazon for the free return feature!


