Very nice dress. 10/12 was a bit big at the waist but not enough to warrant alteration. (5'8.5", 140#). Beading and sequin work is well done. Length is right at the floor with 2+" heels.Will definitely shop PrettyGuide brand again.


I LOVE this dress!!!! I ordered this for a cruise and didn't know what to expect. I followed the size chart and its perfect. The detail is amazing and the weight is good. I am so glad I ordered this. Its beautiful. I also really like the fact that the inner part of the dress is soft and stretchy. And the outer part of the dress has all the sequin and beads. Truely amazing fit


I absolutely love this dress. I will wear on Saturday for my friend's wedding. My favorite part is the fabric is ice and stretchy which makes it very comfortable in comparison to other sequined dresses I tried on. I bought the champagne color. Very elegant! Great quality too


This dress is beautiful.  I ordered it in navy and red and opted for the red,  but it was a tough choice.  The dress fits very nicely and is very comfortable.  At 5'4" I had to have it hemmed, but no other alterations


Beautiful in person. Could be worn as a fancy dress to a gala - not just costume.


Amazing fabric quality for the price! Arrived in time, fit perfect. A bit long and I didn't have time to hem it but holding the excess made me feel more like a princess.


(for the record in 5'2 and 100lbs.)


I love this dress! Fabric is nice, a bit stretchy so I think I could have gone down a size for a more fitted look.  The design is gorgeous and very flattering. I can't wait to wear it out!


while i had to return this because it was way to tight up top for my ddd's it was still a gorgeous dress, so if your looking at buying this and your around my size (180 lb) size up from a 10/12 to whatever is after that.


Comfortable and Beautiful!!! Easy dress to look very formal and also be comfortable! Flattering!!


Too small even using the size chart measurements.  Very disappointed. Great shipping time.


