I was so surprised how nice this dress is.


We have a wedding to attend in November and the guests are asked to dress in elegant Gatsby attire, not the flapper.


I was not really thinking I would keep it when I ordered, since it was low in price and I thought it would arrive cheap and not very classy for a very  expensive N.Y wedding.  I went off others reviews and glad I did.


I bought a long black slip since I am not a fan of the sheer bottom material, the slip gives the dress a final classy feel.


I am 5'9" and this is long enough for me to wear a heel with it.  I sized off of what others stated and it fit perfectly.


I absolutely loved this dress. It was perfect for the Harlem Renaissance event I was attending.  I got so many compliments.  One person even told me I was working the look so much that I looked like I was about to walk into the cotton club.  It fit as expected....maybe just a tad on large side but  I don't like my things super fitted so it worked well.  This dress won't disappoint.


Dress is beautiful. After reading the reviews about it running a little big on people with my similar measurements, I decided to order a size smaller than I would have. It fit perfectly. I was worried about the length. I am 5' 7" but do not wear very high heels.  My  1 to 2 inch heels will work perfect with the length. I didn't realize the bottom was as sheer as it is, but really am pleased with it.


Beautiful gown, but was too small despite referencing the measurements provided. There were some loose threads and the material was very sheer along the bottom. Would definitely require adding a layer of solid fabric or wearing a slip if I had kept it. Over all it is a very nice dress, but I ended up returning it and wearing a different gown. If I had enough time prior to the event I needed it for, I would have exchanged it for a larger size and made the alteration of adding another layer to the base of the gown myself. Would consider purchasing again in the future if needed.


I'm going to a wedding in a few weeks that has a burgundy and gold color scheme. The dress arrived earlier than expected. What others say about the beading falling off when you take it out of the packaging is true, but I'll be honest in saying that its so tiny compared to when you're looking at the dress as a whole -you won't notice. Now of course, you have to take into consideration the amount of beads that fall off. I don't know about everyone else, but only two beads came off on my dress which isn't a big deal to me. I put the dress on and it looks great! I like the material because it's durable in my opinion, heavy duty. It's pretty long on me. When I'm barefoot, it touches the floor but doesn't drag. And I'm gonna guess if I wear say two-inch heels then the dress would hover off the floor enough to where it won't get dirty. One more thing, I especially like that little *sparkle* of the dress when shone under lights. I usually wear a size large 12. I'm 5'6" 180 pounds. I hope my review helps someone!


I ordered two of these dresses, one in green size 10/12 and one in blue size 6/8 since so many reviews say it runs large.  This dress definitely runs LARGE.  I'd love to give this beautiful dress 5 stars since it is feels well-made and is quite flattering on a curvy figure, but I docked it a star for a few reasons.  For reference, I'm 5'8" 200lbs and my measurements are 40-34-44.


Green size 10/12 - this seems to fit more like a standard US size 14 in my experience.  It easily slid over my head without having to touch the zipper (which is probably a good thing as the zipper seems a bit flimsy) and there is extra material that bunches up at the sides and in the back unless I keep pulling it down to smooth it out.  The green color is gorgeous though, and my pictures don't really do it justice.  The length is good for me, it falls just past my ankles in bare feet.  With heels it might feel a bit short, but fortunately I don't like to wear heels.


Blue size 6/8 - this seems to fit like a standard US size 10.  I also didn't need to use the zipper to pull this over my head.  The fit is much better for me, although I was very disappointed with the color.  I thought I'd accidentally received a black dress when I first opened it, but it is in fact a very dark navy blue.  The pictures on Amazon had me expecting a more vibrant blue for some reason.  The length is about a half inch shorter than the 10/12 size.


All in all it's still a beautiful dress, and I'm a bit torn on which one to return.  I may keep both!  No discount or freebies received here, I pay full price for my stuff.  Hope this was helpful!


Amazing dress...can definitely wear again- perfect for a 1920's party, black tie event, wedding, or cocktail party.


I bought this dress as a wardrobe for a model for a photo session. The model is a size 2, but after looking at the measurements I bought a small sized dress and it fit her perfectly. So I would definitely recommend that you size up if you're looking into buying this dress.


The dress is definitely pretty, although there are strings hanging all over it that needed to be cut. So be prepared for that.


One thing I would definitely recommend that the designers add to this dress is a clasp above the zipper to help keep the dress closed, my model was only walking around in the dress and the zipper was sliding down, I can't imagine what would happen if someone wore this dress out dancing.


I am usually a size 8./10 but in dresses I usually have to go up a size. I was concerned about which size to try because the Small is 6-8 and the Medium is 10-12. I ordered both to see which one would be best. I would definitely say go a size down if you're in between because the material is very stretchy and curves to your body. The small on me fits perfectly, but still has tons of wiggle room so it does not feel constricted. I love this dress. It is beautiful and high quality. I was concerned that it would be too shear at the bottom and show too much of my upper legs, but the built in slip part underneath is very long and modest covering. I would definitely recommend it to anyone and it is an amazing deal. I can't wait to wear it to the event I bought it for!


Gorgeous dress!!!  I bought this for a Rodeo Gala and it was perfect.  Fit my curves just right.  I usually wear a 12/14 and went up a size which was a perfect fit.  Very comfortable, no fuss or fidgeting all night.


