This is a beautiful gown that has beads and sequins and sparkles like crazy. The craftsmanship is great however note that the underskirt is actually the part that flows to the floor and it is quite see - through. Not really a problem but if you want more coverage you will need to wear a slip with it. The delivery was on time - got it within the Prime time frame. The only problem I had was that I had ordered a 18/ 20, but the amazon website converted that to an XL, I don't know why that would happen. Luckily, the extra large fit (somewhat snugly and I am 5' 3" and 230 lbs, so that was good. Also the underskirt is very long but it can be taken up easily from underneath the dress. Overall, I love the dress and am happy with the company that sold it.


Ultimately, I decided the style wasn't what I wanted, but this dress was beautiful and fit great. It fit exactly as expected (see the size chart in the product photos), and I thought it was very flattering. I am 5 ft 4 in, and the length would have been perfect with a 2 or 3-inch heel (which is what I normally would wear). I would not hesitate to recommend this dress to others, the detail was absolutely beautiful. The lining material was a little thin, but I don't think that would have been an issue, it didn't seem see through or anything like that.


I really love the look and idea of this dress. I was worried it would be too blingy for a non-1920s themed event, but once I got it and tried it on, it was kind of in love. The issue that I have is that the dress is too big by quite a bit. I am 5'5" and about 145 lbs, 34D, I ordered the 6/8 received a size "S". The entire top half of the dress could be taken in several inches in width before it fit comfortably. The top is also too long, and hangs on me awkwardly. The shoulders would need to be shortened as well. I am very disappointed because I was looking forward to wearing this to a company party and I don't think I can get a smaller size. By no means would I consider myself to be someone that would ever have an issue with a "small" being too big, my hips don't lie, if you catch my drift. The sizing seems to be a little off, but otherwise, I wish I could wear it!


I just love this dress! I got this dress for a friends 30th masquerade party! I was so nervous at first but it's fits great!! I ordered a size 10/12 but the tag is going to say Medium. The dress looks just like the picture! The only thing I would say is I wish it was longer because when I put on my heels the dress does not touch the floor at all!! In the pictures I posted I am not wearing heels


Wore this to a military banquet. It fit like a glove. Had enough stretch in the material that I could let loose and dance, (and eat!) The material is a sheer fabric, but there are enough layers that it won't turn you into an exhibitionist. I do wish the skirt lining went to the floor as well. You can definitely see the under skirt through the outer layer. Would also make a nice costume for a Gatsby-style party with the dropped waist.


I'm usually a size zero/xs (5'5", 110 lb) with a B-cup. Upon inspection, this dress is gorgeous! The beading is exquisite and the fabric (mesh with a polyester blend lining) is soft, breathable, and flowing. I ordered an XS, which dragged the floor and has about two inches on either side that need to be tacked in to be for fitting, even with a VS bombshell bra on. Still rating five stars because it's the closest to my fit I've ever gotten for this pricetag. Definitely worth the purchase and can't wait to wear it to the Yule Ball in January (after altering it, of course).


Ok, so, it's not the dresses fault that I returned this.  It works as advertised.  The seller provided lots of actual photos on actual purchases.  I new what I was getting into.  But, when I slipped it on, and it actually fit, it forced me to realize that I really am a fatty-boom-ba-latti.  I just couldn't wear it.  Lots of other women in the photos seemed to be able to really rock it.  The material was nice.  A little clingy with static.  The bodice and body were very pretty.


I love this dress! It fits comfortably and is simply beautiful. Because of all the beading the dress is a little heavy and is cut a little long. I am 5'4 and even with heals the hem will probably still touch the ground. This dress is perfect for women who have a larger bosom as well. I am 36DD and the dress provides full coverage and the cut is extremely flattering. I bought this dress in both blue and green and I absolutely love the green. I only have one issue with the green dress, all the beads are a dark green except one rogue bead which is hot pink. It's not noticeable to others it just bugs me, so I will probably just paint over it with some green nail polish.


Wife's review-I wore the dress for a military ball. The dress is gorgeous and I kept getting compliments. It fits amazing and the price is awesome!


Beautiful, well made dress. Very sparkly, and if you're wearing a nude colored bra, it does a pretty good job of hiding the straps, even if they still show a little bit. Since I don't wear heals, I think ideally I would like to hem it up about 3 or 4 inches. Otherwise perfect. Slip on and look elegant and ready to go!


