I love this dress and got a lot of compliments. I normally wear a 14 US size stretchy fabric or 16 US size non-stretchy fabric. I ordered 18/20 US size in this dress, and it fits perfect. It has good quality and the shipping was great.


This dress isn't horrible, but I ordered the champagne color, and the sequins looked dark brown, and the main color of the dress was almost a light sherbet orange. Blah.


The dress also didn't have anything in the way of a built in bra, and with the back, it would have been difficult to find the right strapless bra. So this didn't work for me very well.


This dress is amazing! What a great find! I’m 49 years old, (5’6”/155lbs) and the size Large was a perfect fit. In the photo I am wearing about a 3-1/2” heal, so the length was perfect for me. I’m also top heavy (38DD) & a little thick around the midsection. This dress is well made and fabric is stretchy. The zipper was smooth up & down and overall all the dress was extremely comfortable. I would highly recommend it for your next formal affair. Got lots of compliments & of course, love the price!


For the price, this is the dress to buy. It fits beautifully and the details are gorgeous. The material is delicate, so handle the back zipper carefully. I expected something lousy at this price point, but took a chance based on other reviews. I am so glad I did. Just so pretty.


Not stretchy at the hem line. So once I put dress over my head and slid it down it was hard to go over my hips.


Once over the hips it was constricting. Not stretchy. I can't imagine going to a ball in a dress that doesn't flow with my body. The tule reminds me of a cheap Halloween costume.


I cannot believe the steal I got for this dress... the beading is gorgeous and it fits great.  I am going to a 20's party next week and I cannot wait to wear it.  If you need a dress that is flirty, fun, but semi-conservative... this is it!


Absolutely stunning dress that also flatters an imperfect body. It easily hid my muffin top. I loved this dress, although the sweetheart neckline was too high for my taste (I have an unusually large chest for even my size). Beautifully elegant and glamorous. I'd recommend this for anyone, no matter what your body shape is, this dress will flatter it!


I ordered this dress to wear to a formal event. I'm 5'2 and 200lbs  and ordered a XL. I must say the shipping was flawless and the dress is of good quality and fit perfectly. It was indeed a show stopper. Loved it


This dress is beautiful! I ordered it for my 1920s dinner and it fits like a glove. I ordered a 6/8, the dress is stretchy, not extremely tight so I can't eat, dance and still be comfortable. I noticed in other reviews that the bottom was thin and seethrough but the cut off is right at the knees, which is perfectly fine. I wish it was a little longer so it can touch the floor when I have heels on but you can't win all battles. The sequins are. It cheaply made bc I have no skin irritation nor are they falling off.  I can't wait to wear it!


Honestly, for the price and expediency this dress is great. It's flattering and arrived quickly. I'm 5'6 and w heels, I don't need to adjust the length at all. The backside even seems more flattering than the patterns on the short flapper-style dresses, repro-1920's. I think I got the M, which is probably what I wear in a Target brand.


