Love this dress! After reading other reviews I was able to get a perfect size for me. My dress is not too tight and not to baggy. Just the way I like it. I am 5'4" and weigh just under 170lbs and have had 3 babies 😉. I ordered a Large (10-12)  I love that it is stretchy and very comfortable. It's light in weight for having sequins. I got the gold and it is beautiful. I purchased this for 1920's Gatsby formal but I plan to wear it to other formals as well. The bottom is sheer but I added a maxi skirt underneath like another review mentioned and it worked great. Gave the dress a fuller look. Also, I am LDS and wear garments so I also added a downeast basic top underneath which worked perfect for the sheer on top. I will post a picture when we go to the party! So excited!


Update: still loved the dress and I got so many compliments at the party. It worked fantastic!


This dress is absolutely beautiful I bought it to wear to a formal dinner An cocktails a black tie event my husband was to wear a tuxedo and this Dress was perfect for the occasion and the price is great for what you get it does stretch some which is a plus I’m 5’4 230 lbs I bought a size 20/22 I have big bust I’m a size 46DD and it fit perfectly wasn’t to tight only thing I can even try to say bad about this dress is the sequins around the arm area might be a little scratchy but not enough to ruin the dress I bought the dark green an black dress An I did Not need a slip or anything underneath it the length was perfect for my height an heels I got were only 2.5 inches and made the dress fall perfectly  I would recommend this dress for any special occasion


The dress looks like a full-length dress in the picture, but the lower part is 1 sheer piece of material, the built in slip went to the bottom of the sequins, the top fit nice but the waist and the hips were huge.  if the slip had gone down to the ankles it would have looked much better.


I'm give the dress 4 stars only because its to small. Overall i think its a GREAT dresz. Its not to heavy and the beeding seems sturdy. The color is as listed and it came super fast


This dress is gorgeous! Way beyond my expectations. It is such a great quality and very flattering. I would have never bought a dress like this online with out trying it on but I took a risk because the reviews were so great. I'm glad I did! It is the best dress I have ever had. I originally got a M but had to return it for a L. I am 5' 9 1/2 and 180 lbs. The M fit my body perfectly but didnt cover my butt! So I had to get a L so that the slip underneath would cover it.


Holy cow! This dress is incredible. I can't say enough good things about it! Well made and gorgeous. I got so many compliments, it was super comfortable, and the beading and sheer bottom added something different than another basic dress. I ordered a large at first and then exchanged it for a medium which fit perfectly (I'm usually between the 2 sizes).


My daughter and I recently attended a Gatsby themed party, and this is the dress she picked out. It is beautiful! It fit her perfectly! It wasn't skin tight (it shouldn't be) and hung on her body nicely. The length was a bit long, but it was easy to alter. She received a LOT of compliments at the party and could probably wear this dress again in the future to a special occasion.


I was skeptical because of the price. which Im sure you are too which is why your reading the reviews. This is a beautiful dress, well made and looks good on. I am 5'1" and 140 pds, normally a size 5/6 i ordered this is XS or a 2/4 based on other reviews i also bought the 5/6 or S. I tried both on and honestly there wasnt much difference. So I went with the XS. It was long, but I had on heels so it graced the floor nicely.


This dress actually combines comfort and style my two favorite things! Really enjoyed wearing it and had so many compliments! I ordered a large and usually wear a 12/14 depending on the brand and it fit perfect. The bottom is shear but I actually wore a knee brace under the dress and no one even noticed so some of the "see through " comments are slightly over dramatic...


I’m so disappointed!!!! This dress would have been beautiful but the front of it is cut, not like the picture and it’s no hem. Who does this? Another return.


