It fits very well. It barely touched the floor. I am 5'5. size 20


I bought this in green will post a picture once I wear it for my nieces sweet 16. The dress is amazing! The quality is so good and the fit is great. I'm a size 18 in Jean's and about a 2X in dresses. I am 5-7"in height and weigh 251 lbs. I bought a size 18/20 and it fit perfect. Dress stretches and didnt even have to unzip. Such a great deal!!


It is very beautiful, it does fit me well with the exception I am tall & ordering size 2 they seem to take some of the length off. For being a formal gown it is too short for me. I did order the burgundy one that I got yesterday but have not tried it on yet. I will be sending this one back but I hope the burgundy one will be longer. I have a wedding in the fall & thought this would be a fun dress for dancing at the reception.


beautiful dress, runs a little large which is the only reason it's a 4 star and not 5 star review! I expected a heavy dress, but to my delight, it's lightweight and really nice! I might return for a smaller size...


EDIT: So, I got a smaller size, but it was too small and the sequin part kept coming up, so i returned and ordered again in the small (which is pretty big in the bust area). A few alterations will make it look great!


The black sequin one is pretty, but the gold sequin one was gorgeous! Depending on your preference, I'm sure all color options are nice!


Bought this for the formal part of our engagement photos and was really pleased when I received it. The fit was perfect. I typically wear a 14/16 and the 14/16 fit very well. I'm looking forward to seeing how beautiful the dress is in our pictures


Great dress for the price - I'm 5'3", 126 pounds, 59yo.  Ordered 2/4 and 6/8.  Kept the 2/4 but if you are larger in the chest you may want the 6/8.  It does have some stretch and will need to be hemmed.  Nice deep blue color, perfect for wearing on a cruise or wedding.  Should pack nice since it had no wrinkles when I got them from Amazon. The dress is not too heavy considering all the beading.


Originally when I tried to unzip the dress and put it on it did not fit.  When I pulled the dress over my head it fit perfectly.  I wore it to a masquerade ball and it was a perfect dress for the event.  Definitely a steal for the price!


Beautiful dress, I got tons of compliments. It was comfortable and the beading is nice and not cheaply done. The slip is too short so I had to wear an additional slip so my booty wouldn't show if I moved an inch.


This dress is beautiful but size down and then fit me perfect...Must wear heels for perfect length, lovely color.. Awesome price for this dress.


 if hesitating do not..... just go for it ...  VERY dressy! Would have been somewhat large if I had ordered in my usual size.. I'm  10-12-14 depending on dress & this stretchy so got 10-12 and :) Probably could have went down 1 more size to get tight fit. Happy with my 10-12


This stress is absolutely stunning. I ordered it for my daughter's wedding and everyone thought I spent hundreds of dollars on it. It's long enough for a tall person I am 5'9" and it was plenty long to wear heels


