The dress was true to size a perfect fit and very very affordable, I am wearing a size 18/20


So I had to order this dress twice. The first time it came from China and although it took a while to reach, it did get to me sooner than expected. It was in regular plastic wrapping. When I got it it didn't fit (I'm busty) so I had to return it. I had to return it to California (shipping was like $14) but outside of the shipping cost- the return process was super easy. The company is very responsive and I got my money back very quickly. They also sent a follow up email which was nice.  I ordered a size up which was the largest they had and hoped for the best. They must've had it in stock in the states because I scored free shipping and it got to me quickly.  This time is was in much nicer packaging with their name on it.  I didn't think the dress was extra stretchy as some described, again I blame the 'girls'. I'm 5'9 and normally wear a 16-18 depending on the brand and material. The dress itself did have nice beading and was heavy for a $50 dress but not heavy like a $200 dress if that makes sense. The sheer part was fine because there's a double layer of sheer that goes mid thigh so my butt wouldn't be exposed if I bent over as some described. The only two negatives I would say is that I wish the sweetheart line wasn't cut so high (to be more vampy) and the zipper was very delicate for my boyfriends clumsy fat fingers- I was scared he was going to break it. Also there's no hook at the top but once it was zipped up it, it was secure. These were very minor considering the price.  I received MANY compliments at the wedding we attended and it's safe to say we were considered best dressed. All in all it was very worth it. Just ensure that you give yourself enough time for shipping and return if it's coming from China in case you also need to order a different size.


Thanks to the reviews I was able to order the right size. Im size 14/16 my measurements are 48"x43"x51" I have big hips. I was worried about getting an xl or 2xl. I chose a XL. It fit perfect not tight. It sits underneath my butt when the transparent starts so I might need to wear something underneath. Im 5'6  230 lbs and length is perfect. Ordered Saturday ,received Monday im in California.


I loved my dress and wore it to a military ball. I got so many compliments. I also wore a black maxi skirt underneath to give it a fuller look.


What an amazing gown!


So let me tell you the "bad" first. Because of all the sequin detail, it is just a little heavy. And because I am 5'3" it is a little long and I'll need to have it hemmed to wear it.


Otherwise this is gorgeous. Seriously! I ordered a Large and it fits like a glove. I put on the zipper by myself with zero help. And I'm just amazed. Read my other reviews: I don't usually gush. But this is drool worthy.


I posted some of my other measurements with the pictures so you get an idea of what size to get. I love it. For reference on Ann Taylor dresses I wear a size 12.


I received this dress from the vendor for review and evaluation.


THIS IS MY FOLLOW UP!


My replacement-LARGE came in on time, as expected and fits amazingly!!! I'll just need it hemmed. If I want a curvier waist, I could still take it in 1-2 inches total without it being too snug. This dress, like I said in my previous review, runs BIG. It is very stretchy fabric. My measurements and height, plus what I typically wear are also in my previous review. (By measurements I should be in an XL. I returned it for a L & it fits awesome. I honestly think I could have even gotten into a medium! No joke. But this dress is so worth it! And the heels that go perfect with it, I bought on Amazon, as well. I'll post a pic.


Wow!  This dress delivers!!!  I am 5'5", 170 lbs, 38DD and generally wear a 16 in a jean.  I purchased the 14/16 size and this dress fit like a glove.  It's stretchy and super comfortable.  I wore about a 3 1/2" heel and the length was perfect.  The quality is very nice.  The other nice feature of this 1920s inspired dress is that I can wear it to a normal black tie event or to a dressy function in place of a black cocktail dress and not feel like I'm in a "costume".  This dress is beautiful.  Side Note: when I walked out to show my husband his eyes nearly fell out of his head he loved it so much.


I wore this dress for a masquerade ball and it was beyond my expectations! I wasn't looking to spend a fortune on a dress but wanted something eye catching. This dress was perfect! I'm a size 4-6, 140lbs and the small fit perfect!


At first I was a bit hesitant in buying this dress because of the very affordable cost. I wore this dress to a wedding and it was absolutely gorgeous.  I received so much compliments I felt like I was the bride. Also very true to size!!!!!


First let me say I absolutely love this dress. It's gorgeous. Bought it for an upcoming cruise and can't wait to play dress up. Ordered Jan 11th, rcvd Jan 19th.


Now for some details. I typically wear an 18-20 more so 20. Chest 40D I ordered the XXL as they suggested. The dress fits wonderfully. I don't even have to unzip it to put it on. It slides right down. It does take a minute to shimmy the slip down, then adjust the layer on top of that, then adjust the beaded part as that slips right over the bum. The dress is sheer so I added a slip so I didn't feel so naked. The armpits of the dress are perfect as there's no hanging or bunching material (I hate that drooping look). The chest area although it's stretchy material I felt like the girls are packed in. Not uncomfortably packed, just in there firmly.


The length, I'm 5'4 and it just touches the floor. I put on 1inch heels just to see how it looked and again perfect. Flats could work but with such an elegant dress you need a shoe that dazzles it even more. (I'm sure 3inch heels would be better but not for this girl lol)


The detail is incredible. All the beads, and the time they put into the dress is amazing. I did have one bead fall already but I expected that to happen as I was twirling like a little princess in my dress.


So what's the down side. As far as I can tell for me just one. It has to do with all the beads. I noticed my arms rubbing up against them. I'm thinking my arms may start to get irritated. Its rough almost like scratching. So I've decided I will just keep my arms posed to my hips all nite. lol. Hope this little review helps.


A few pics for ya below.


