I thought I was going to like this dress much more than I did. It shipped fast with my Amazon prime membership, and is a nice quality dress for the price. It just did not flatter me as well as some other dresses I ordered. Can't really put my finger on why. My son and I both looked at me once I had it on & both of us went ..."Eh". It fit well. I ordered a 10/12 and the dress had plenty of give in the material. I am just under 5'9" & just under 200lbs. measurements are 40x37x47 and I did not have any trouble sliding this size on. the length was not too long. I would not have had to alter if I wore heels.


Thrilled with this dress! I have purchased dressed for thousands of dollars at Nordstrom and for hundreds of dollars from other brands here on Amazon and I am just as proud to step out in this little number. True, it doesn't have the couture detailing you'll find in those pricier dresses but no one's going to notice, including you!


What I love about this dress is that it's FLATTERING! I'm 5'7" and 165 on a good day. I got the 10/12. It makes me look like a model! If you have a prominent pooch or other feature that really bothers you, you might want to wear some shapewear but most women can get away without that stuff. It's form fitting from the shoulders to the hips but not in a sausage-casing way... in a flowy, feminine way. And because the fitted area is covered in lace and beading, no VPL, lumps or other minor imperfections show.


It will require either a strapless bra or one of those clear-strapped bras because it's just lace and beading over the shoulders. But it is a stunning look.


And I was surprised to read women were wearing it as a costume. While I can certainly see how you can make it work as a costume, it does not scream "1920's".


Go for it. I wouldn't steer you wrong.


And if you found this review helpful, would you click, "yes"? I have dreams of becoming a Vine reviewer someday.


I looked EVERYWHERE for a maid of honor dress for my sister's wedding. I searched in sooo many stores and nothing fit right or they would shed glitter everywhere. I ordered a couple dresses on Amazon and both of them were 5 Stars!  This dress is a BARGAIN and is so comfortable. It is very forgiving material and the sizing is accurate, if not running slightly larger. If you are between sizes I would recommended sizing down because there is some stretch in the material even though it is zipper closure.


Beautiful dress. I wore it to a 1920's costume party and received many compliments.


I really wanted to like this dress and was going to wear it to my daughters wedding. I thought it might be a good choice because it had so many positive reviews. It is beautiful and fit me well but it is very poor quality and the zipper does not stay up. I then seen that the sequins were starting to come off the dress also. This is only after trying it on once and only having it on for a few minutes. I absolutely hate shopping and don't look forward to going out and finding another dress but I don't want to order another one on Amazon and be disappointed by the quality. I contacted the company by email several days ago about the zipper and sequin issue and they totally ignored me. It is getting shipped back to Amazon this week for a refund and I won't ever order anything from this company again.


This dress is gorgeous in person!  I wore it as a bridesmaid.  The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because it was see-through at the bottom, not at all like the pic, and not as full as the pic either.  There was a short visible underskirt under it that only reached my knees, and I was not fond of that at all, it looked weird.  I had my grandmother sew a couple layers of pinkish shimmery fabric underneath (white fabric showed too bright under there).  The dress's zipper was also really finicky like it would break easy when putting it up and down BUT I am well endowed in the posterior and this dress lasted all night and did not bust like I felt like it was going to!  I am 5'5", 210 lbs and ordered a size 14-16 in Champagne. The length was perfect!  I added the pic of what the dress looked like hanging up before I sewed it.


Dress was very pretty and just what I needed. It was too long which was easily remedied by taking in the seam joining the lower skirt and the upper under dress. Took just a few minutes to do and is now perfect in length. Everyone was very impressed at the quality of the dress. It was extremely comfortable to wear. Not at scratchy, which was a pleasant surprise. I am looking forward to another occasion when I can wear it again.


This dress rocked! It was even better when I ran into another woman at the Labyrinth of Jareth Masquerade Ball in the restroom with the same exact dress. Ya, this dress flatters for almost any shape (I am wearing a corset under, though). The dress held up wonderfully through a night of dancing. Even though I did feel the beads/sequins pull a few times when I sat down, when I tried to trace it at the end of the night, I couldn't see where the embellishments fell off. I would buy this dress again in a heartbeat and in any color!


Love it


I am 267lbs ordered a 18/20 was a bit snug. Read reviews that said that theirs had stretch that's why I went with my size. Wish the gold was available in 20/22 would've probably fit perfectly. Still glad I purchased this dress. It is definitely beautiful and I received so many compliments!


