This was a beautiful gown. It was well made. It was just a little small. I would try buying another dress from them if they had something larger, but it was the largest that they had. I may look at their other gowns.


Loved this dress, Great product for the price. I am 5”8” 160 and ordered an 8/M and it WOULD have fit great. The only downside I didn’t think about... I’m currently pregnant (17 weeks) so it made the beading sit weird on my hips and I’d have to keep pulling it down over my belly to keep the drop waist in place. Also I am wearing it in 2 weeks and am nervous if I get bigger... so if anyone is wondering how it looks as a maternity dress, here it was on me!


I love this dress! I wore it to a Mardi Gras ball and the fit was perfect! I'm 5'7" 200lbs and the 14-16 was a perfect fit.


This dress is amazing! I waited to write my review until after wearing it an entire evening. It was comfortable, lighter weight then I anticipated and was a definite head-turner.  I was never pulling or tugging at any part of the dress. The beading did not fall off as you might expect for a dress at this price point.


For the money and style, you can't beat it!


This dress is gorgeous,  however, it was poorly made. The net/mesh lining wasn't sewn properly so it didn't sit right in the bottom


Absolutely gorgeous!!!! Amazing for the price!!!!  Can’t wait to wear it NYE!!!  It’s a bit thin, so I’ll be wearing some spanx for sure!!!!


I got it for a cruise.  The body is a bit straight so I am going to have it tailored just a bit in the waist to give it more curves.  The quality is as everyone else is saying  very good and expensive looking while the price is more than reasonable.  I am 5'9 and 135 lbs, I purchased a large.  Only wish it had the straps to hold in on a hanger as it is heavy and the additional straps would take off some of the weight while it is on the hanger.  But I can have those added, so it's really a mute point.  Overall, I highly recommend it!


after shopping go months, I found the perfect dress on amazon!!  it was for my daughter's wedding last wkend.....  her the was Gatsby/Old Hollywood glamour.....  we both were very pleased


Order 1 or even 2 sizes larger for the right fit...BUT, I LOVE this dress!!! It was so perfect for my event....form fit, hugs your body, longer....beautiful beading for the price.  I rated it 4 stars due to the sizing...but beautiful dress! I was the bell of the Winter Ball ~ Consumer Mom Says


Student wore this gown as a "Queen of the Night" costume in The Magic Flute. It is very well made. 1920's Art Deco style really describes it. It sparkles too. Good enough for a formal wear event.


