Bit large but will work


It was very lovely an she looked so beautiful


The dress is beautiful, just as I expected. I'm very happy


Good materials


It doesn't fit how can I return it


I really like this dress but it's does not like me.  The xlarge is too big and I order a large and it's too small. The dress is beautiful. I do not like the see through fabric. I feel it's to revealing high up on your thigh you will have to wear something underneath.


Great


This dress was worn and stunk so bad.  I was so dissatisfied I returned it and didn't reorder.


This is a beautiful dress and a real eye catcher!  The entire top section is covered in a intricate bead and sequin pattern, and it flows out into a full somewhat sheer skirt mid thigh.  Although the black lower portion is sheer there is a LOT of material so it's a subtle effect.  The dress is very long on me (at 5'4" even with the three inch heels I was using in the below photos!) but will be simple to hem/have hemmed.  If you're a taller gal it will be perfect as is.


I wish this dress came in an extra small!  I have the size small and I love it/will definitely be wearing it, *but* it fits a bit loose and I think it would be even better looking on me if it was a bit clingier.  :)  I am 5'4", 115 lbs, and a B cup.  I normally wear a size 2-4 in US sizes.  The chest area looks decent (but it would also accommodate a much larger chest) but I feel like the waist on a smaller size would be a bit more tailored looking.  Keep that in mind if you're on the skinny side - even so, it's lovely enough that it would be worth ordering and just adding a clip on the back if needed


I received this dress at a discount in exchange for my time trying it out and providing my thoughts. I read Amazon reviews to determine what products to spend my money on, so I aim for 100% honesty with my assessments - be they good or bad!  If you're looking for a fancy/gorgeous dress I think you'll look and feel fabulous wearing this one.  It's a beauty.  :)


I ordered a size 6~8 for my opera recital and it fits me perfectly. I love he color and decoration! They are beautiful. I ordered a size 8~10 before and it was too big.


