I was really expecting this to be an amazing dress after looking at all the pictures but sadly I was wrong. It was too large under my armpits to the point I would have had to pin it so my bits would not show. I ended up not wearing it. How they show the dress is also not how it looks when you get it. 0 of of 10 would recommend.


I absolutely loved this dress. I wore it for a Great Gatsby company party and I was hesitant about buying online. After reading all of the amazing and encouraging reviews, I decided to buy it. It fit perfectly with some room to spare. Everyone complimented me on this dress and couldn't believe how cheap it was considering how amazing the quality was!


Looooove this dress! I went back and forth about what size to get and finally decided on the Medium. I'm so happy to say that it fits perfect! Perfectly hugging my curves but not too much that it looks too tight. I can't wait to wear this dress for my event! I purchased a size Medium I am 5'3" 170lbs with hips, thighs, and a butt. I don't like super tight clothing and this looks great on me


The dress is a beautiful dress. Although there are sequins, it is fairly light weight. The dress fits at true dress size. I wear a 10-12. I ordered a 10-12, and it fitted nicely. The detail in the dress looks well put together. The only down side for me was the bottom of the dress is sheer and see through. I wore long black tights under it, because if you bend over, you can see through to your goodies. But overall, it is a nice dress and it looked pretty on. I was pleased and I received many compliments. I will definitely order from Pretty Guide again!!!!


Absolutely love it! A few pieces of the thread for the beading is loose but it's an easy fix. I am 5'6 and as you can see, the dress hits the floor. Overall, it's a great dress (and price) for the one night I need it for.


Followed the company sizing chart and it was too large in the waist and hips.  Also did not like where the sweetheart hit my chest.-- too high.  This was a return.


Absolutely stunning.  Craftsmanship, fabric quality far exceeded my expectations.  The color is perfect for an evening wedding as the mother of the bride.


The color is hideous, it's definitely not a beige color.  This dress looks more like a costume than a dress maybe because of the gross color, in will be sending this back.


This is definitely not true to size. It's pretty, and for the price, it's well made, but you would have to order 3-4 sizes up.


I LOVE THIS DRESS. I was so scared that the dress would not fit or not look like the picture but it turns out it fit perfectly and looked like the picture.  The dress is not scratchy at all. The only thing I don’t like about it is how long the dress is. If you don’t wear heals it would be dragging all night. So if you are needing a dress order from her because it is amazing.


