OMG!d  I absolutly LOVE this dress!  Fit as expected and cant wait to show it off!  Also, since I was pleased with the product... I went ahead and ordered another dress :-) THANK YOU!


We ordered a different style for my daughter we thought by ordering 2 sizes bigger then it would fit but it didn't so we did order a different style from Amazon


Just got it today for a formal event tomorrow evening. Fits great, looks amazing, and the quality is good!! Perfect for what I need and you can't beat the price for the quality and look!


Sizing is not true.  The dress itself is gorgeous, but not for plus sizes.  Ordered the 2x, my usual size and was 2 sizes too small.


Good value. Heavy with sequins - feels nice on. A little large, but I’m broad across the back (38), so not sure the size down would have fit (I bought the M). Also, I’m 5’8”, and the skirt length was definitely NOT ‘as pictured’ - barely skimmed the ground when barefoot, so wore lower heels than normal. I also felt the skirt needed a little more oomph, so I wore a net petticoat underneath.


All in all, though, great value.


I loveeeeeee this dress! It looks so pretty, super excities to wear it! I’m about 5’6” and 225 & got the XXL. Probably could’ve gotten the XL but I like things a little loose


Wanted to love it, arrived damaged.


Beautiful dress and overall well made, but missing beading in one spot.


I love the dress and it fit to size. It is a beautiful dress!!! Unfortunately, I did not get to wear it as I did not attend the function I purchased it for so I returned it because I thought I would not have another formal occasion to wear it to anytime soon. Boy was I wrong....... I am seriously considering ordering it again for another formal occasion coming up soon.


I purchased this dress in a 2XL due to my wide hips and it fit well. I normally wear a size 16. I do however have a little extra room in the mid to lower back part of the dress due to my small waist. This dress is made of a nice quality. Very pleased.


Beautiful dress. My daughter is 5'6" with 1.5" heels dress to the floor, but not where she would step on it.


Flattering fit on her. Nice colors. She is very happy with it.


