I JUST received my dress and tried it on....let me just say that this dress is better tan I even expected. I will be attending a Great Gatsby themed party and this dress is perfect. I normally wear an 8, and decided to order up a size, I ordered the 10-12 and it fit perfect!! I would definitely recommend this dress to others and the shipping was fast and they delivered it on a Sunday. I am very happy with this dress and the service. this is my honest opinion and no one paid me to say anything about this company. This is also my first time ordering from this particular company and I will be doing business with them again in the future as I have an upcoming birthday in January. Thanks again PrettyGuide!


This is a beautiful dress and made very well. I would have kept  it but  the sequined section went down to my knees , making the dress way way too long. The layered bottom would have lost 6-8 inches being shortened  I decided that it would not look right if that was to happen. So regretfully returned it.


I bought this for a 20s harlem nights party for my grandma and so glad i got the size i did..i read that this runs small im usually a 14/16 but ended up ordering a 18/20 and it fit just right..


Pretty dress but the fitting is a bit off around the neck, shoulder and chest area. When you first try it on it may seam too small but once zipped up it fits ok. For me if feels a bit off in the mesh part about the bust to the neck


I liked the design most and fitted perfectly but I'm a short lean woman so it's too long for me. Had to shorten the  hem before it became a perfect fit. Got a lot of compliments the night I wore it to a formal party


I love the softness of this dress. When I saw it full of stones and glitter I thought it would weigh a lot. Quite the opposite, It is very soft and conforms very well to your body.Personally I'm wide-arm so I get a little bothered by the sleeve under my arm.  Maybe I have to make a little alteration. Arrived in the expected time and very carefully packed.


This is a beautiful dress! The fit was great, it was long enough for heels and snug. I returned it only because I decided to go for a shorter dress thinking the event was more casual, but I will definitely consider buying it again! I just need an excuse to wear it out ;)


I love this dress I was scared but i read all the other blogs and ordered a size smaller and it fits perfect!!!!! Is really comfortable. I don't know about posted that you need a slip. The length is to an extent sheer but it has an attached built-in slip and if you so like a lady and don't bend over line a man there is no reason to add to it. I'm 200lbs 5 5" but it's all in my mid section and it fits perfect I'll post pics next week. It's a theme party Gatsby....


Beautiful and very classy dress. It was not overly glitzy but was not too simple either. Quality was impressive especially for the price. Very nice fabric and overall the dress held up well.


So pretty. I will have to hem slightly but the fit is beautiful. I'm the biggest I've ever been so it's hard to feel good about how I look, but this dress makes me feel pretty. I haven't worn it out dancing yet, hoping to wear it to a cruise in a few months, but it has a bit of room to move so I don't expect any problems. The sequin design is lovely.


