This is a beautiful dress. I usually wear size 3 and the x-small fits me great except too long even with a 2" inch heel. There was a problem with too much fabric at the end of the zipper causing the fabric to stick out in this area but I easily returned it and quickly received a different dress that's perfect! Highly recommend especially for the price!


Dress fit exactly as expected.  Looked exactly like it is pictured.  I'm 5' 4", 130 (small chested, but broad shoulders) and the small fits perfectly  The sheer layer hits the floor but with heels on I don't think I'm going to have it hemmed or shortened.  Quality was better than I expected.  Few loose beads/threads I'm going to tack down but that's to be expected.  Beautiful piece.  I can't wait for our roaring 20s party now!


Nicer construction and bead work than I expected for this price! The skirt is not true to the pics, though, and is completely transparent from the crotch down. You're essentially bottomless in it. I needed to wear something under the dress to keep from flashing everyone. The dress was generously sized and I had ample room for layering.


Love it!!  It fits perfect.  Bottom half is sheer which I wasn't expecting but I like it.  No padding at all in the bust area, but thanks ok.  You could wear a nude bra with it but a strapless might be a little better.  It ran a little long but not bad.  I was a little worried with what the beading would look like, but it looks great!  Not cheap at all.  Super cute for the price.


I feel like a princess! Sizing was perfect. Dress is amazing. I'm 5"4 and even with heels will have to hem, but I don't care. Buy this dress!


This dress is absolutely  georgeous.  The size is also perfect. I bought it for my daughter. She loves it.


I wear a size 20 jean and a 22 top. I ordered a 20/22 in navy and it didn't fit. No stretch.


It was gorgeous but it has to go back.


 I love it. Dress fit perfectly. The sequins did not bother me at all and the dress was very light.  I went with the roaring 20's look for an adult prom and this dress nailed my theme. The dress was the talk of the night.


Wow this dress is beautiful I'm 5'4 I wear L/12 so I got the 10/12 and it's perfect. It's very beautiful and worth more than the price it's true to size n it's stretchy too I just wish it 4inches longer so it can cover my toes.


The dress was a very nice fit around the shoulders/waist, and the quality of the dress was good as well. However, I am 5'10" and the dress was too short... about an inch off the ground (I ordered a M).


