Just love the fit....


perfect dress for a one time wear to a masquerade ball. not perfection as a whole but for the price it was as expected.


Purchased this dress in two different sizes. Both ran small, but I kept the larger one. Fit well enough that I received many compliments. Hope to have an occasion to wear it again!


I love the dress!  I purchased several dresses but the quality on these other dresses were not up to my standards.  I was very relieved to see this dress was designed with quality material and fits perfectly!  I returned the other dresses but I am keeping this one!


I returned this dress because it arrived with blonde/red hairs all throughout.  It was disgusting!!  It also looked more like a halloween costume vs a formal gown.  The fabric and sequins were very cheap looking.


I bought this dress for my friend's upcoming anniversary 1920's Great Gatsby Inspired theme and didn't want to go with the common flapper girl look and found this! It is black though, not silver. Maybe because it's so sparkly, it can give a silver look to it. Either way, it's a pretty dress and flattering for any figure, since it's loose fitting.  I'm not in my best shape just yet (working on it), with that said, I'm 5'3" and 153 lbs with a size 36DD chest and ordered a size Medium. I feel comfortable and confident enough to wear it and rock it!


This dress is very pretty, it arrived in a timely manner, the price is amazing! My daughter is wearing it for a pageant. She is very tall and with heels the dress was a little short. We just added another layer of chiffon and it was perfect.


The dress itself is beautiful.  When you pay $49.99 for a dress, you don't expect the quality to be all that good, but I was very pleased with this purchase.  Unfortunately, this style does not compliment my body type, so I will be returning it.


Great dress!  A few lose and sloppy looking beading areas toward the bottom of the dress but I was able to fix with needle and thread.  Worse this dress as part my Halloween costume this year.  Went as a Jellyfish.  I'm plus size and this dress was flattering and I got many compliments.


Nice dress for the price. Good enough for the costume ball we are going to.


