This is my second time returning this dress! The dress I received yesterday was absolutely horrible! It wasn’t even in a clear bag this time! Just rolled up and thrown in the amazon packaging.Once I pulled out the dress it was completely covered in dog hair! Also the black hem skirt underneath the tulle was extremely short! It’s obvious this dress has been worn! Extremely gross! I would not recommend this item to anyone.


I bought 4 gowns for my daughter's Winter Ball. The first 3 had fitting issues.  "It made her look too sexy" I ordered this one and it gave her the glitz, glamour and hugged her curves without her looking inappropriate for her age! It's a beautiful gown and well worth the price!


This dress is very pretty. Like a lot of the other reviews state, my daughter agreed it is stretchy. Her only complaint was that the sequins are a bit scratchy. Otherwise, she is very happy with it.


The dress was exactly as pictured. It fit well and true to size. The colors were vibrant and shimmery. This is an exceptional quality product for a great price.


Review: the dress is gorgeous! No complaints. It’s well made. Thanks for a great product. It made her feel so beautiful for her prom.


Fit: My daughter is about 5’2” and additionally wore 3” heels.  This dress in size 6/8 was about 4 inches too long.


I don't know why this dress has such a high rating, but this dress runs about 3-4 sizes too small. I am a 16/18 and under the recommendation of my mom I ordered the largest size available which I believe is about a 22, and I couldn't even get it on. The 22 is like a 14. Extremely unhappy


It's a stunningly beautiful dress at a great price but unfortunately for me it was a size too small and they don't offer it any larger or I would definitely buy it in a larger size to wear to my son's upcoming wedding.


I ordered two Ivory/Gold and I received them in two days. Unfortunately the dresses are NOT ivory. They are very peach in color wit the gold sequins. There is NO way anyone can call this dress ivory. The quality of the dress is pretty good, however I was disappointed the bottom of dress is NOT chiffon, it is one layer of mesh and is see through. Unfortunately I will have to return my dresses because of the color.


Size was perfect.  I'm 5'9" tall and the dress touches the ground.  It's only for one night and I'm happy about the price.


Wore this dress last night to a Madri Gras Extravaganza and it was perfect I’m 5’10 185. I got size 10. There were about 20,000 people at this party and I got compliments all night. I wore flats and it didn’t drag the floor to bad.


