I love this dress! I wore it to a wedding recently, and got so many compliments. I did alter the sleeves slightly by sewing the straps thinner, but other than that, it was a great fit!


I'm shy of 5'5" and I really like this dress although l need to wear about a 5" heal if I don't have it shortened.  I may update this once I see how the beading works in a Mardi Gras ball setting.  I think the dress, although not too forgiving would work on many different shapes.  I'm really hoping to come off as 1910-1920 glamour as opposed to beaded up like something from the 80's.  Since the shoulders are transparent, I think I'm getting the look I'm going for.


I am 5'10" size 12/14 with 38" waist. I bought the 14/16 (x-large) which fit as expected around my hips. For dresses, I usually buy about a size 18, but other reviews stated it was rather stretchy (and they were right!). Other reviewers/answered questions said that their dresses were super long. Unfortunately for me, this did not turn out to be true. This dress fell to my ankles and was by no means "floor length" for me. I do like the dress and will keep it, but now I can use it for a ballroom dancing dress as they are supposed to be a bit higher.


I wish i could say positive about this dress but unfortunately not.Of course the dress wouldnt be as expected ,like the one on line because its amazon.But my dress  came defected,before i could even put it on.The whole bottom sheer half was hanging from the train.My 1st dress i ordered was great,it was just way to small.So i returned it and ordered another dress,and the second dress was the same size as the 1st one.These dresses need to be inspected thoroughly before being packaged and sent out.But live and learn.I just know i will not be ordering from them again until they get these sizes correct


I purchased the dress for a competition I took part in this past August. I loved the dress the moment I took it out of package! The quality was great and looked like I spent a lot of money on it.The only thing I did was add another layer of black to the bottom because I wanted it to puff up a little.


Absolutely stunning! The fabric has give so I can still breath. Although i have a taller torso so tge sheer area starts right below my booty lol but most dresses do that on me. I cant wait to wear it for real (ive only just tried it on).  Only con is that it had a beaded string dangling in the front but super easy fix.


This dress is gorgeous!! Fit me extremely well! I ordered a 16...was just right with a little room for growth. I wore it to my son's wedding!  Lots, lots, & lots of compliments!  Only issue, which was no big thing consider it was a designer's idea, the bottom is sheer (see through), wasn't for me so I had it altered by adding material underneath.  It surely desired the rating I gave!


Amazing dress! Wore this to a masquerade ball and it is SO BEAUTIFUL. The fit was great and it was very comfortable. Seriously, it looks like a million bucks. I got a small - for reference I am 5'7, 130 lbs: 34-27-36. I would highly recommend this.


Love, Love, Love this dress! Bought it to wear at Gatsby themed party and it was a hit! The fit was perfect. I'm 5'1" and it fell perfectly with a 4 inch heel.


This dress had to wear on me for a couple days. Looked great on others from pics, but didn't like mine at first. Wore it for a 1920's Harlem Casino Night Theme party. Quality for the price was really good! I received great compliments on it too! Thought it could have been a bit longer on the sequin portion. Sheer wasn't bad with the second layer. But it was easy to get caught under dress if you didn't pull it down correctly, so others could have missed it was there. Overall great buy for theme party.


