This dress is AMAZING! I bought it for a 1920s gala and it fit the bill. The top was a bit big on me but I have large hips. I got the medium. The beading is exquisite! If I ever need another dress this seller is the one for me. I sat on buying this because dresses online are hit or miss and this is a HIT!!!!


Very pretty dress. Fabric on torso is somewhat stretchy, so fits a bit larger on torso but since it's a gatsby-ish style dress that's fine. Material is definitely worthy for the price. Was a bit long for 5'4" height so adjusted accordingly.  For reference, usually wear size 8 and purchased the Middle.


This gown is stunning! I'm a die hard 10 (5-5 140 lbs) so I first ordered a medium, but it was a bit big so I also bought the small. Fits perfect. It's exactly as it looks... Looks like I paid well over $100 for it!  I suggest you buy a size smaller than normal though, as it has a lot of give.  I'm wearing it to a formal dinner in November. Can't wait to wear it!


Beautiful dress.  Stunning even.  5'3" ~135lbs and it fit quite well.  Lots of compliments and it seems well made.  The skirt, as mentioned in other reviews, is VERY long.  Be prepared to keep a hand free to maneuver it around all evening.  I'm hoping to get it down and have it taken up before I wear it again.


This gown is beautifully made, with craftsmanship far superior to what I had expected for the price paid!  While I used it for a Roaring 20s function, it is versatile enough to wear to any number of events.  Very comfortable and drapes nicely.


This dress was so pretty! It didn’t look like a flappers dress, although it would have been perfect at a Roaring 20s/ Great Gatsby Party.


Beautiful dress!  The fitted part is not too tight like some dresses of this design and the chiffon skirt is lovely and flowing.  Some reviews said it looked like a costume or was weigh too short.  I found neither to be true.  My only concern was that the color appeared a bit peach rather than gold, but it was still a pretty color so I did not deduct a star.  Looking forward to dancing in it.


This dress is beautiful.  I got it in the Green. I bought the biggest size at XXL and let me tell you, it's tight. I'm a size 22 on a good day without bloat and I put the B in belly. I tried it on with a moderate tummy tuck shorts but will pull out the Bigs Guns aka Spanx for the final presentation.  If you're a 24, I wouldn't recommend it unless they have an available size. 22 is cutting it close but I don't have a shapely waist so that could be my problem.  There is some give to the materialbut not much. Maybe expanded a couple inches but that's it.  Take yo measurements and see the pics and read the reviews to make the best decision.  For the price it's good. No fault on the garment.


It fit me perfectly ! little bit long I took it to be adjusted, I wear for a wedding and I did received many complement specially from my husband ! nice material! and it look just great !


I purchased this dress in size 14/16 and it fits as expected but I will need to have it tailored. I'm only 5'0" and its very long on me. The sequin and style of the dress is perfect for a formal event. I have yet to wear it for the wedding I'm attending but just from the first fitting it shows it's going to be a show stopper. Great purchase for such a beautiful dress.


