This dress is simply stunning! I got the XL it is a bit loose which is great because I don't like tight. I wear size 16 jeans, and a L or XL top. I probably could have fit into the L. I was able to slip the dress over my head without opening the zipper while still wearing my Cami and work pants. The dress is too long, I'm only about 5'5" and will be wear low heels with the dress. My plan is to use the excess material from the hem to add to the length of the inside lining, instead of getting an additional slip. The inside lining goes about to mid calf on me. Felt like the most elegant Grand Dame, it's a real "I could rule the world in this dress!"


Beautiful gown and fits well. I got compliments all night. It is stretchy but not in an excessive or cheaply made way. I bought the Navy Blue. It did shed some material of some sort but I can't figure out what it is. It's long enough and I'm 5'8". I'm well over 6 feet with the shoes I wore. The zipper snagged at the bottom on this one too. So I had to zip it up part way and put it on over my head. The bottom layers are completely see through so wear something black or a slip of some kind. Great dress. Very happy with it. Oh and the sequins and beads didn't flake or fall off!


Fabulous dress for any formal event. Fits true to size and the quality is beyond excellent for such a great price.


I needed a gold dress for my 60th birthday celebration and this one was just what I was looking for. I am 5ft 1in 180lbs and curvy so I ordered the large based on the reviews.  I have ordered two dresses similar to this one previously but went with the xlg and then I had to have them altered . So glad I chose the lg in this one because it has lots of stretch. Can't wait to wear it.


This dress was very pretty, but just not for my body style. The belly area was unflattering. Also, the back was kind of see through, so be prepared with the proper undergarments.


Beautiful, comfortable dress. I bought this dress for a Masquerade Gala at the Museum. I am 5’ 9” 155 lbs and wear size 8 and 10 in clothing. Based on the reviews I thought I would need the medium. Based on measurements, I took a chance and bought a Small. I usually wear Medium. I was pleasantly surprised and happy when my dress arrived. It was lovely. Prettier than the picture. Perfect length, I wore a dressy jeweled flat 1/2 inch sandal. I don’t wear heals. It fit perfectly. I had this dress on for 6 hrs, danced and enjoyed my fabulous evening.


I wore this dress for a speak easy 1920’s wedding. I was 9 months pregnant and it fit great and I got a ton of compliments. The fabric was stretchy and very comfortable. The only complaint I could come up with is the beading in the underarms rubbed and irritated my arms but that’s to be expected really. The quality for the price is great!


The dress is beautiful it is not heavy at all. However that doesnt make it any less gorgeous. tit is well made, arrived on time. My issues were... it didnt fit even though I ordered according to the size chart. I wear a 18-20 not w. I still ordered it an xl because it said it would be 18w-20w. it fit but was to tight. I don't have hips so there should have been room. also the dress it self finishes right below the butt. so I would have to wear a slip under and that takes away from the sexiness of the dress. I plan to order again just a size bigger. it is so worth having it in the closet.


Gorgeous gown. The dark maroon color with overlay of silver filagree makes look very expensive.  I liked mine so much I bought one for my daughter!  This dress is very lightweight and comfortable.  Packs nicely with little wrinkling.  Once hung up the wrinkles come right out.  I'm taking mine to Europe this year.  It doesn't take up much space or weight.  I  love it!


Beautiful dress , I haven't worn it yet as bought for my daughters wedding. However this dress is made very well. I am sure it will be beautiful at the wedding. Well worth the money. I was worried it would be more costume but I went with the reviews and glad I did.


