Not the quality I was expecting and sized too small.


I need a return sleep to send it back i butt it for my wife  as Christmas surprise gift  .


These shorts run very small. Love the pattern and fabric, but I'm returning them due to size


OMG the images do not do this dress justice. It was beautiful. I ordered a 10/12 as that is truly my size but even reading reviews after reviews some said it was true to fit and others had to go up. I was very fortunate the 10/12 fit perfect. Yes it does stretch a little like others said but it was just right. The dress is a little heavy due to the sequins but I'm good with that.


OMG did I say it's beautiful. Yes I did but really it is. Quality was a lot better than expected and I was very happy with that.


Now for others reading this my measurements are 38 bust, 33 waist, 42 hips. I have a butt on me but this dress fit perfect. There is a small chiflon type material extending down past the sequin area about 8+ inches so it goes to the knees or so under another layer. This is to help since the material below the sequin on the outside is really see through. It was good. It is a little long as I'm 5'4 but a good pair of heels will fix that.


I have never left a review, but after wearing this fabulous dress for New Years, I feel like I owed it to the dress.


I purchased this dress on sale for a New Years gala and received it quickly. I am surprised how comfortable the dress is! It is polyester, so it is lightweight and has a little stretch to it. If you’ve read that the dress is heavy, it’s only because of the weight of all the sequins sewed on.


The trumpet-shape of the dress is flattering on many body sizes, including my curvier shape. The dress also has a liner that goes down to just above my knees. I don’t think many people notice the see-through material beneath, but I preferred to have a full opaque squirt, so I wore the dress with a black floor-length slip underneath.


Bra-wise, I was able to wear a nude-colored normal bra underneath the dress with no issue. The sleeves and neckline are a see-through mesh, but the large number of sequins made it so the bra went undetected. I’d recommend a nude bra, or a strapless.


Loved this drsss, thought it was amazing value for the money spent. I would buy this again!


The dress was just as pretty as the picture. I normally wear 2x and that's what I ordered and it fits PERFECT ' The bottom is sheer. I mean real sheer. I may wear a black slip. It's perfect for the Harlem Nights party I bought it for. I topped it off with beads, headband with jewels and feather and the black gloves. Everything was beautiful!


I wear a lot of expensive looking clothes and this dress looks very good for the price.  Doesn’t look super expensive, but does not look cheap.  Will photograph well. The reviews said to order up two sizes, so I did, it was about three sizes too small. I am a size 4, The 6/8 was humongous. The 2/4 will probably be much better, maybe even still a little big. I just placed an order for that one and will update after receiving. I did not like that there is no zipper, so you have to pull it over your head, which could possibly ruin your hairstyle. Keep that in mind. I may have a zipper added.


Beautiful dress.  I ordered burgundy and it looks like a $200 dress from Dillards.  It runs almost true to size.  I am very busty and wish they had a 3X.  Not forgiving in the tummy area because it is very form fitting.  I would order a size up. Quality is very nice.  The skirt is very sheer and you can see your legs.  The under skirt is a mini on me and I am 5'2".  I could bend over without showing anything, but if you are taller, I would think about going up a size or finding a slip.  I would order from this company again.  Great for Mother of the Bride, Cruise, New Years Eve.  Lots of beading and sequins.


I received so many compliments in this dress. It’s georgous. I’m 5”5’, 145 lbs, wear a size 8-10. I ordered size 6-8 based on other reviews and the fit was perfect!  The sequined portion of the mermaid dress is stretchy making it easy to accommodate size variances.


I absolutely love this dress. It fits perfect!


I am 5'3, 180lbs, bra size 40E and i ordered the XL.


At my height i was worried it would be too long; but with a little 3 inch heel. Its thr perfect length.


Only con was a bunch of strings hanging from the dress, i believe they are from the beads. So i have to be xtra careful when cutting them.


