It took 3 times to get the style sent to be the correct one, but once I got the correct style, I like it.


Had to return for a smaller size - but I love this dress!  Don't let the fit turn you off - this dress fits great when you figure out what size you need.  It's beautiful and looks great on!  Very classy and elegant!


OMG I luv it read the reviews I got a large kinda roomy which is good because it's for  party!!?


Dress looks better than the pictures. Use the size chart provided and be honest and you’ll get the right fit. I am an 18 and ordered the 20/22. It fit perfectly.


Pretty dress. Was bought for my daughter's senior prom.


Fits nicely.  The sequins rubs under her arms a little...


She's hoping it won't bother her thru out the night.


I bought this dress to wear to a All Military Ball in December! I was a little worried about buying "sight unseen ", and not trying it on before purchasing!!  I am so excited!! This dress is beautiful and fits like it was made for me!!!  Can't wait for the event !


Beautiful dress.  I had ordered the gold option and it was a bit too glitzy for my event.  Very comfortable and I think it will pack easily.


The only problem with this dress was the length I would have had to take a 6 inches off the bottom if i was able to wear heals with it this dress would have been the one, but to have it altered would have cost way to much beautiful dress


I love this dress. I was apprehensive about how it would fit due to some of the reviews, but it really does fit well and looks really good on me. When it first came I was concerned I wouldn't like it, but it definitely looks better on me than on the rack. The material is comfortable and offers a good amount of stretch for sitting and walking. The length is absolutely perfect and I can't wait to wear it to my company's masquerade ball next month!


So i ordered a size up. 5'8 and curvy I got a 10/12?. I'd recommend going up if you don't want a figure hugging dress. I got the red and black and the beading is GORGEOUS. I couldn't find the zipper and was able to slide it over my head. ITs comfy and still sexy and definitely worth the buy. This dress when you add makeup and curled hair looks like it's $300 instead of $50.


