Great dress for the price. I ordered two sizes and the first dress I received was better quality and it was a designer brand but it was too big. Ordered a size 6/8 and it was a no brand dress. I was kinda bummed but still nice dress for the price. Only wore once like most of my dresses so def fit its purpose for the price. I am about 5’6 and 155 lbs.


Amazing dress for the price! I was looking for a squid gown for Christmas pictures and ordered the dress in both black and burgundy because I couldn't decide between them. Both fit well! If you are shorter, you will need to wear heels or get it hemmed. (I am 5'2" and plan to wear heels with this dress to keep it from dragging on the ground)


The only con I have it the seam along the sweetheart top is apparently cheaper looking, but is not noticeable unless you're up close.


Great dress! I'm short and curvy, so I was a little worried after reading the reviews. Turns out I had nothing to worry about.  The dress was a little long, but that was as I expected (I'm 5'1). However, it's super easy to shorten, as you don't need to hem it, since the bottom half is sewn to the middle of the dress, around the thigh area (which is covered by the beaded part of the dress). My seamstress stated that she really just needs to take the dress up.


It fit great on my arms, my busty chest, and wide hips. The material is stretchy and comfortable.  The slip underneath the dress hits right above my knee.


The dress came in great condition with all of the beading and sequins in tact.  I'm beyond impressed by the dress based on the price I paid.


The "flowy" material at the bottom is not the highest quality, but it's not super cheap either.  It comes off as more delicate than anything. My always critical and truthful roommate had nothing but positive things to say about the dress once I put it on.


Definitely consider this dress if you're short and curvy like me. It's super comfortable and I cannot wait to wear it.


Details: I bought the green dress, size 14/16. I'm 5'1 and my bust is a 38 D with 52 inch hips.


This dress is just as beautiful as the picture! I was worried when it said black sequin, but I think that is for the silver one. I bought the gold for an event where we have to wear black and gold and it will be perfect. I measured myself for the fit, and the picture with the sizes helped me pick the perfect fit! I'm 5'6 170lbs 36DDD normally wear a 10 or 12 and the Large fits me perfect! If located in US remember is coming a long way and will take 3 weeks to get here with free or lowest shipping. But so worth the wait!


EVERYONE commented on this dress and loved it, I am thinking of getting another color. It was a HUGE success! Fits my curves perfectly, was the right length, and lightweight so it was able to breathe and I felt like a movie star.


The dress has definitely impressed me! ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS! I say that it fits somewhat large because I am definitely a size 8, and the size I bought was 6/8, and fits me perfectly which makes me feel like it would be too big for a size 6. When I get back down to a size 4-6 like I should be, I would buy this in a smaller size. I will add photos after I wear it to the party tonight.


I was looking for a dress to wear to our local hospital gala and needed it quickly to leave time for alterations if necessary.


Got this in the mail today,  super fast shipping.  It's absolutely gorgeous, the fit is perfect and very forgiving to my mama curves! I'm 5ft2 and 180lbs, 36dd bust and ordered the 14/16 based on reviews.  It's a tad long but wearing heels, its perfect.


Beautiful gown!!! I purchased this for a play that was in the 1930's period. Everyone loved this gown, and I got lots of compliments. I was told by the theater front office that a number of theater patrons asked about the gown. It is definitely a show stopper and would also make a beautiful prom gown.


absolutely LOVE this dress.  I am a 170 lb. woman 5' 2" tall, I got a 14-16. fit perfectly!  was a bit long, had to have my mother hem it just a bit. but I am totally satisfied with this dress!!!!!!  great dress for the price!!!!!


Beautiful gown got it for my grandma  birthday celebration wanted to celebrate her 1920s birthday it looks really great. The fit was perfect I got the large I am 5 foot 4 inches tall 225 pounds with a very small waist and a larger bust. I got many compliments on this gown.


