Absolutely amazing, my husband and I unexpectedly got tickets to a ball (1 week notice) - needless to say I needed a dress & I needed one FAST! I've never ordered a gown from Amazon, I was a little skeptical but didn't have much of a choice since I didn't want to spend a fortune. This dress fit me PERFECTLY, I'm 5'4" & usually need to get my dresses hemmed, I wore 3" heels & it hit at the perfect length. I've never gotten so many compliments on a dress & with the cost you just can't beat it! Will definitely be ordering this brand again. I typically wear a size 4 & ordered a small.


This dress Is PERFECT! Great quality..fits perfect! I wore to a Mardi gras ball.. Its comfortable, stretchy even tho it looks like its not..it is! Im a thick girl..usually wear a 16 in women's I have tummy thighs and butt lol..I swear ladies this is the one! I did wear undergarments as well..I ordered size 18/20  so if you order I suggest go up one size..when it came in mail it says xl on tag..hope this helps


I ended up returning this product because it wasn't quite what I expected. It was too large. I bought a 2/4 and it fit me more like a 6, probably. The whole thing was a bit more awkward than I expected. The beaded torso hit just above the knee, maybe mid-thigh, then a shorter modesty layer beneath extended another few inches and then the flow-y outer layer .... it just didn't all pull together in real life as it did in the photos. Maybe if the fit was better the beaded torso wouldn't have felt so heavy and hung so awkwardly. This is a case where I think the curvy girls certainly can achieve a better fit. I have no curves. I was hoping for a dress with a snug enough fit to help create some. ;)


This dress was of beautiful quality and color. It was heavy-weight enough to feel high quality, but not too heavy to be cumbersome. I am 5'9'' and about 150 lbs and I ordered a size M, and the fit was perfect. The sequin details were very lovely and looked well-crafted. I ordered gold with a mermaid skirt. I ended up returning the dress, as I didn't like the mermaid skirt as much as I liked the other style. If I had bought the other style, I would have kept it. Unfortunately, I was on a time crunch and wasn't able to re-order as I wouldn't have gotten the new dress in time.


This dress fits amazing. It was perfect. I used the previous reviews I read to help me choose the correct size it just laid in me. I felt beautiful and I rocked it well


Absolutely LOVE it!!! I wore this on the second day at the Toastmaster Fall conference themed "The Great Gatsby". It also fit just right and was comfortable for all night ware! I would and will highly recommend this to anyone who is wanting to wear a 1920s themed gown, feel classy, or dress up for a special occasion! Though this one was and is different then the "PrettyGuide Women 1920s Prom Gown Sleeves Long Sequin Formal Evening Dress M Burgundy" It is every bit just as elegant and classy! I also wore this as my Halloween outfit this year to work...had it not been for the "BABEYOND 1920s Flapper Gatsby Costume accessories..." everyone kept mentioning how I had dressed up as a princess!


So, if one is going as a Gatsby star or an elegant Princess...This dress is worthy of both occasions!


This dress is so beautiful the pictures don't do justice, it looks way way better in person. It completely exceeded my expectations looks like a $200.00 dress I was undecided between so many beautiful colors, ordered the black with gold sequins, but I am sure all of those colors are as nice. I am 5-4' and 140lbs and the 10/12 size was good for me, there is enough room but at the same time i feel like i look slim, but if you want it to be tighter to your skin you should order one size smaller.


Very disappointed. Clearly not made for full figure bodies. Dress length stops at the knee  Pic  makes it looks ankle length.  Also predominant color is PEACH and not champagne as stated in the description. Sending back


This item had to returned immediately, as it was too small and the dress (material) was cheaply constructed. The material was itchy and uncomfortable. Also, it looked nothing like the pictures online. I will never purchase another item from this company again. I have no faith in the quality of their product. BTW - regarding the fit ...I purchased this item in 2 sizes (to give them a fair shake on the fit issue) however both sizes were too small!!!


Granddaughter absolutely disliked it, saying it didn't look at all like the picture -- but then she's 14. Personally, I thought it was quite lovely.


My only real complaint, was the length -- it was inordinately long. Even with 5" heels (and my girl is 5'5") the dress still dragged several inches on the floor.


The fit: from prior experience, I purchased a size larger than the recommended in the size chart in the photos for the dress. The fit was just fine for my very shapely and buxom 14 year old granddaughter.


