I love this dress!


I got this dress so fast!


I'm 150pounds and 5"1 and I ordered a large. Fits perfect. The dress in 3 inches above my knees. I will for sure order another color!!!


Believe the reviews. These dresses are such a simple concept. I'm 200lbs and 5'0 and 38D and have difficulty finding dresses that don't make me look pregnant since I'm short and plus size. I ordered the green and the navy in XL and they both fit perfect. I enjoy the brightness of the green and I agree with others when they say it's much greener in person than in picture. For me, that is not a problem. I can honestly say I will be ordering this in more colors to have on hand to wear. Im one who relies on the truthful reviews of real customers when it comes to buying online so I'm happy to add my two cents for others such as myself and say I am pleased with how this fits and looks on me.


This is a Amazing Dress! Im going to wear it all Summer! Fit is Perfect. I read all the reviews as always. Im 5'5" 165-170, 36D, Im a size 12-14 right now after quitting smoking this winter in VT of Ice Cream and No exercise Non of my summer dresses fit!  wanted something to feel Pretty,Sexy, Fun, and Flirty that was Comfortable! I ordered the EX Large and it fit absolutely PERFECT. I order on Prime All the time and this is the 1st review Ive ever written. The Cut of the tank style dress covers my bra especially between my bra and underarm arm, but I still have some classic cleavage, nothing crazy but Sexy But HOT. There is wonderful stretch to this along with the fabric and Black with Red and Blue floral print Are all totally Quality! Price is Amazing! I have worked in women's fashion for over 20 years and I  think that this dress would fit most women body beautifully! I have a Short waist and curves so the Fit and Flare work with all of that, It would look great on smaller and bigger Gals! I am going to order another  style from this Designer and hope for the same quality! I Paired it with some Red Keds, and a Denim Jacket  and I got so many complements It is a couple inches above my knee and I love the Flare, Iwouldnt  pair it with a pedi coat bec it look great all by itself. got and I look Super Cute, easily dress this up for a wedding. Most of all I love to wear summer dresses and I look and feel Great!!!!.


I am very happy with this dress. It is soft and fits nicely. Only downside is the material is somewhat see through, at least the white.


I absolutely love this dress! I ended up buying one in every color. The fit is true to size and the length is perfect. It's also pretty thick fabric; not sheer or cheaply made. I'm 5'4, 115 lbs, 34A, and ordered the small. The length is mid thigh on me. It's a fit and flair style so I would suggest ordering a size that would accommodate your chest measurements best. For my size, the chest area is snug and smooth without causing any flattening or bulging in the arm area. It's a perfect fit for me but if my chest were any larger it would probably be uncomfortably tight.


I ordered this in a 2x (xxl). Absolutely love this dress! Great quality of fabric and vibrant colors. I ordered 3 different dresses the day I purchased this one and I'm so glad I did. This one was the keeper. The other two were Maxi dresses and were cheap fabric and fit awful. This one was prefect. It hits and fits in all the right places. You will not be disappointed with this little number. I will definitely be ordering more in other patterns or styles if offered. If this review was helpful please click helpful at the end of my review :)


So I have ordered several of these dresses. I first ordered a floral one (black with reddish flowers) and I loved it! The material is a little thicker and not at all clingy so I actually looked decent in it. I wear it all the time. So I figured I would order another, but a solid color this time... The material is different, thinner, clings where I don't want it to. I was super disappointed. But since I loved the first one so much, I decided to give it another try and ordered another floral one. Great material again! And since I obviously don't learn my lesson, I ordered another different solid color after that and was once again disappointed.


So take my mistakes as a lesson in learning. There floral prints are thicker and less clingy. The solid colors are different for some reason. Maybe when I lose 20 pounds I will like the solid ones, but definitely not now!


I'm 5'9, 180, curvy build. I bought a large based on the reviews and it fits really nicely. The dress ends a few inches above the knee on me and the waist seam hits around my natural waist. Neckline is a really nice scoop--not too low that my boobs fall out but not so high as to be puritanical. Fabric is a really nice thick weight, but not so heavy that you can't wear it in spring/summer. The nice weight of the fabric and the cut of the dress means it skims the hips/butt nicely and isn't clingy.


I bought the black floral (first color option) and it's very vibrant. Initially I wasn't sure that I'd like it, but chose it based on how cute the pattern looks in pictures on other reviewers and am happy that I did. :) I will probably buy this dress in a solid color or two, as well, as it is modest enough to wear to work with the addition of a cardigan or blazer and tights.


I was between large & medium; got large & it's too long- both in torso & where it hit knees. Re ordered in medium & it fit perfect. Picture below is large in real vs white red in medium. Im 5'2 148 pounds, larger bust & big hips. Flattering. Material and print is really cute


I was very amazed with how well this dress fit. I am a size 35dd and I ordered a size large. I am also 5'5 and it fit just above the knee. The color was also amazing! I love this dress.


