This dress is very nice but it's not true to size. If you usually ware a medium, you have to get the next size up, not unless you're a young lady/woman that has a small bust line, than it might fit. This time since I ordered a size up, this dress fits perfect. The material is so nice and cool. I would recommend this dress to anyone who wants to look nice, pretty and feel comfortable and cool all at the same time. I really like this dress. I give this dress 5 stars.


I can't say enough good things about this item. Cute pattern, flattering fit, hits right at the knee on me so it doesn't look frumpy or indecent, nice fabric, incredibly versatile so it could be styled multiple ways and worn for a range of occasions. I also joke that this is my magic dress because the background is such a dark navy that it looks black if you wear it with black, so it's wearable with pretty much anything. The straps are narrow, but not so much that you can't wear a regular bra, which I loved because I don't have very wide shoulders, so this width works well on my frame. The fabric definitely has some give to it, so I could've gone down a size with no problem either, but with the way it's cut, it's pretty forgiving either way. If you're averse to showing cleavage and are well-endowed, you might want to wear a tank under it or something, but I didn't think it showed so much as to be risque, and I'm fairly busty. I want to buy these in every single pattern now because I love this dress so much!


The fabric is actually thicker than you would initially think based on the picture, it's a heavier stretch cotton, so this piece could traverse seasons if you wanted to do it with leggings and a cardigan for autumn/winter.  The colors are very vibrant, and the fit is very flattering.


It's a cute dress and fits true to size, (I'm 215, 5'5 and ordered the 2x which fit fine.) However, it pilled after one wash. It looks like I've had it a long time. :( bummed out because the print is cute.


Just this morning I was thinking about the house dresses our mothers, grandmothers, and young women wore in the '50 , '60s, 70s and wishing to locate a cute dress just for wearing around the house.  Something cool and non-binding, yet nice enough to go out in if you didn't have time to change outfits.


The 4 stars is because of the length.  At 5' 5" I am hardly a giant but as a mature woman, hemlines this short are best for around the house, *in my view.*  I ordered the XL because I have wide shoulders and wear a 40 C.  The fabric is so comfy and the color and pattern are cute as can be.  If this dress had a longer hem, I'd wear it with pearls and go shopping or out to lunch in it, but it is short, so I'll confine my wear to the house.


For the purpose I'll use it for, I'm delighted by the product's comfort, prettiness, and price point.


This is seriously very cute, however I don't think that the provided size chart is accurate. I selected L based on that, and I could barely put it on. It fits and it's a good motivation to shed a few pounds but XL would've been better even though that's too big based on the size chart provided by seller. I don't think I have time to return these to get bigger ones till my vacation. Sigh..I also think it runs a wee bit short too for my taste. I've seen people taller than me reviewing it how the length is not too short, but I am not sure now, mine were sure as heck very short. I shouldn't have ordered 2 of these right away..


Like it!  Pretty! Boyfriend likes it. Fits with no bulges but no more room either.  bought an M and I normally wear a sz 6 in dresses.  136 lbs, 34C bra, waist 28 inch, height 5.3. Big boned. So fit if a tad bit bigger would have been preferable but will wash and hang dry or flat dry. it comes an inch and half or two above the top knee line and since i like touching knees, i will add some soft lace at the bottom. The waistline is at an odd place, not exactly at waist; slightly higher, but not exactly empire line.  a broad belt will camouflage that.  That's why 4 stars.  But quality and material is good and not thin.  Bought 2. White and the black/pink.


Terrible; poor fit, incredibly cheap looking and shapeless. I'm a B-cup/Small. This isn't a sizing error: bigger or smaller would have looked equally poor.  Too unspecial. Save your money.


I'm 5'7 and 130lbs with a size 34B bust and the medium fit like a dream! This is an easy casual dress with many options for accessorising. I definitely recommend it! I'm definitely buying it in another print.


I love these dresses I have them in 3  different colors.  My favorite is the pink with the roses.


