I am 5' 3" tall and weigh 130 pounds.  I have an aspiring athletic figure with 29" waist and 32B bust.  I ordered the small and it fit me just right. (The dress is somewhat stretchy.)  The dress is comfortable, simple and casual.  It was perfect for the backyard barbecue wedding reception that I bought it for.  The dress seems versatile so I intend to get much more use out of it.  Overall I would say this is a good buy.


I love this dress! Fits perfect, I am 5 ft 3 in., 130 pounds and a medium fits just right! Can't wait to wear it out tonight now that the weather is finally nice & warm!


The dress is thicker than I thought it would be, which is actually a good thing.  It's not a tissue-paper-thin cotton material like you often find in affordable dresses.  I wore a light-colored bra underneath but I don't think even a darker bra would have shown through the material due to the thickness.  Despite the weight of the fabric, at least for this white dress, I feel like it will be very comfortable even in the hot, humid Oklahoma summer weather.  I think the thicker material also helps disguise any lumps, if that's important to you.  The pattern and colors are beautiful.  The dress fit perfectly true to size.  I am a 14-16/XL normally and purchased the XL.  I'm 5'8 and the dress came down right above my knees.  I am also a 38DD bust and I think if you're much larger in the chest it will be too tight in that area.  The fabric felt like it was on the verge of stretching too much around my chest, so it was perfect for my size or smaller.  All in all, I have nothing to complain about and I think I'll be ordering it in other patterns/colors.


OK - Wow!  This is probably the softest dress I have ever owned.  I could sleep in it!  The fit is perfect - I am 5'8" around 140lbs and the medium fit just perfect.  I am not very busty and dress fits great, however if you are larger in the bust, it may be too tight!  It is not too low cut in neckline.


So cute


Beautiful dress! the material is nice and its very flattering. I plan purchasing a few more.


Really soft and fit great. I wear a medium and bought a medium and it was fine. 5'9 so I was worried about length but it's plenty long. Great dress for summer in Florida


Great buy from Amazon. I really bargained on buying this dress. This dress has so vivid colors, the bright striking colors makes it a fun and flirty dress to wear. You can really wear it as it is and it will make a cute date-night dress without going overboard or you can wear it with petticoat, shrug and a belt and this dress will transform into a 50's style sophisticated party dress. I am happy with my Tom's Ware dress. It has a beautiful fit and hid all the imperfections of my body. For the record I am 5'5" tall and weighs 150 lbs and Medium is perfect for me.


I love this brand. My third dress feom.feom.these guys. The other two I got last year and they have held up great. Still like new. This dress is cotton and made very well. I love the designe!!!!! I ordered a medium and it fits as expected. I'm  5'1, 155lbs, 36B.  Short and thicker lower half


 Dress is so cute! As you can see pictures. Also the length is perfect.


Absolutely love this dress. True to size. I bought a medium im 5'5 127lbs. I couldn't be more happy with the light weight stretchy kind of material, and it seems to be good quality. I bought this dress for an outdoor BBQ in NJ, I cant wait tl wear it!


