Love the material. I got a medium. I am 5'3" and 155-160 pounds and it fit perfect.  My weight is in the hips and thighs and it still looked good.  I am an A cup for bra size and it was not too loose up top.  Might be a problem if you are bustier.


Plain and simple, I love this dress! It's comfortable, flirty, and breathable enough to wear in 85F full sun, full DC humidity.


I am 5'6", dress size 10, and bra size 32G -- the large fits me just right (going by the measurements on the Tom's Ware sizing chart, I would be a large so in this case the sizing for me is accurate!) Even considering my chest, the cut of the neck is flattering and I don't feel overly exposed, which is something I worried about with a material this stretchy.


I would like to echo other reviews and say that the "red" flowers on the black version of this dress are actually pretty orange. I don't mind that one bit but for some folks this may be a dealbreaker.


I liked it so much that I have bought a second color and am eyeing a third...!


This dress was cute, but it really smashed my chest down (34DD). However, I don't want to order a larger size because it would be too big in the waist and the straps would be too long. I think this dress would look best on someone with narrow shoulders, because the straps seemed a bit thin and the scoop neck combined to make my shoulders look huge. However, the color is beautiful and it was a nice length.


Oh wow. Bought two of these and I am going to buy more because they really are so quality especially given the price. Very soft and flattering with a lot of give but it hugs your shape at the same time without being unflattering . I bought a large and it fit perfectly. I'm five foot six with a strong build and 34/36 DD this fit perfectly. I also like that it's not too long or short in length... it makes my legs look longer because it is well above my knee but it's not inappropriately short. There is enough give in the fabric it will fit even if I go down or up a few pounds. LOL. Did I mention the fabric is so soft. I'm pairing it with a jean jacket tonight since it got cooler but I wore it without anything else today and it looked fabulous. You're looking for that little dress you can just throw on and be comfortable and cute all the same time this is the one and you should get a few you deserve it. :-) I bought myself to for Mother's Day and I'm going to buy some more because it doesn't make sense not to.


I love this dress! It fits perfectly, which was a surprise, and is super comfy. I am 5'6", 100lbs, 26DD (measurements: 29-25-32) and I got the small. The material is impressive - thicker than expected, but very comfortable, and lots of stretch to it so it hugs nicely. The fit and flare shape is very flattering, and the skirt is just so much fun. It is also a great length - not too short or awkwardly long. The "green" is more of an aqua (more green than blue would have been nice, but I still love it), but it is just as it looks in the model photo. I don't own anything that is brightly colored or floral, but this was surprisingly flattering with my skin tone and hair. I am ordering more of this dress in other colors right now!


Not super thin, so you don't have to worry about any see-trough problems or a fly away skirt. It's got a nice weight to it. The floral fabric is great for a sunny day out, and even works perfectly under a smart black sweater for the office. I've worn it half a dozen times and I think I've only owned it for 3 weeks maybe. I'm in love. I want to buy several more...and my husband has said it cost HOW MUCH? UMMM buy as many as you want. haha


Loved this dress for the price. Not fancy, not casual. Did what it was supposed to do. I'm 6'1, was about 190 when I bought it and it fit perfect. Not too tight or small, knee length.


I bought a 2xl after reading reviews of a woman of similar height/weight. I'm 5'5", 225lbs, close to a 40D chest. The other 2 dresses I got from other companies I ordered XL but figured I'd try a 2xl. It's actually a great fit. Could've probably got xl because it's nice and stretchy but I want it to be flowy over my stomach. Fits the top fine! Nice thicker material. I'm very hot blooded so idk if I could wear it on a 90degree day but I wore a black bra underneath and you couldn't even tell! Great dress!


This dress did not fit correctly. There was enough room in the chest as the size chart indicted, but it is cut for someone who is heavier and with a smaller cup size than me; the arm holes gaped above the chest leaving a perfect viewing window to my bra. No thank you.


That quality of the fabric and the construction were fine, I would have been happy with the dress had it been cut to work with my figure.


I have this dress in 3 different patterns and 1 single color (blue). I love the way this dress fits and have received numerous compliments on it! It is very figure flattering in my opinion and the price is just right. The dress can be dressed up or dressed down. Perfect for traveling since it doesn't wrinkle much.


However I ordered a black and magna color dress and the fit is totally different - longer and too much flare so it's not as flattering. I think there's possibly some variations of fit depending on color.


For reference I am 5'3 and 145 pounds. The gray-white is a medium and the blue is a small. The blue is much "tighter" and I use it as a going out dress whereas the white one I use for more casual wear.


