Love this dress. I am 5'2 160 lbs 36 c. I bought an xl because i was afraid of the measurements i was seeing on the website. Its stretchy and i could have gotten away with maybe a medium but its ok i will get it taken in. I put a pettycoat under it to look more puffy. I definetly think it will look better with a pettycoat. It doesnt look like i have hips but i do. Selfie mode is not in my favor lol highly reccomend but size down. Its stretches.


This dress is beautiful!  I purchased the navy with pink flowers. The colors are so vibrant and gorgeous. I was surprised at what a good quality this dress is. It is not too thin at all, no see through; just perfect for a spring or summer day.


The fit was better than I imagined as well. I ordered a xxl, figuring it might be too small and not fit, but it fits me great.


I was a bit concerned about the top as I am rather well endowed, but it stretches to accommodate as necessary without making it immodest.


I had no problem with the waist length and it fit me very well. I am an adult on the taller side with an average to long torso and legs.


The dress is a bit shorter than I am comfortable wearing alone (I am 5' 7) so I wear a slip underneath.


I love this dress and have had tons of compliments on it already!


It looks good with a slip, with leggings, or with a petticoat. Add a cardigan and skinny belt and you have so many fashion options!  ;)


I highly recommend this dress and would buy more in different colors.


I LOVE THIS DRESS ! It is way nicer than I expected. The material is AMAZING and Stretch and tick but light. Meaning you can't see through it.  I am a size M. I am a 36DDD i weigh 153lbs I am 5ft 3.5in. my pants size is 10-12 pending on the cut. think H&M pants. HOPE THAT HELPS :)


how much do i like this dress?


well it's a hard question ... i wore it to church and everyone stopped me to tell me how great i looked (my dad even mentioned to my mom that i looked nice - he's 80 and notices nothing) ... now i hate people fussing over me so i was getting overwhelmed... OKAY 3 DRESSES LATER - CAN I HAVE MORE PATTERNS MAYBE PLAIN?


2 days later people still commented on how great i look (do i look that bad normally?) hubby must have brought up this dress 20 times in one week each time saying "you should get it in more colors"... my mailman (I've known him for 20 years) comments every time I wear it as does my ups guy (I order amazon a lot and have known him 10+ years) ....


i did get it in the white/red finally (was torn between that and pink/beige) if you are on the fence get it.


i'm not HUGE chested but i do have a "healthy" chest and it fit nice (snug but it has give)  the arms didn't show side boob, and it was long enough my 30+ bottom didn't show every time i moved.


in order to help i uploaded a photo (kill me now) but the white and red is really cute and comfy the fabric is a bit softer than the green (the green is soft this one is super soft) ... to me it's so comfy it's an everyday around the house wear


i'm an 8-10 5'8" if that helps .. i have a medium


it may have even inspired me to pick up some other dresses for the summer (and my mail man was surprised and commented on it today - apparently i really do dress that bad normally)


i would honestly get this dress in every color the more i wear it the more i love it...  the thick jersey material is so comfy and people stop me to tell me i look good (and that NEVER happens - EVER!)


145, 5'8" 34D


Got this for my 15yr old and she was soooo cute in it!!


I'm 5'8", very curvy, size 38DDD & this XL fit perfect!!!  it's a little shorter than what I usually wear, but I love it. Comfy cotton material, fits the bust area well. Not too much cleavage shown, gathers at the waist perfectly.


Great price, great fit. Very comfortable. The floral print is perfect for spring.  I'm 5'8" and it's very hard to find dresses that are long enough. Love this dress. I'm ordering it in more colors.


Love,it


I wore it on my trip to Cuba. I am 5' 5 and 142lbs, pear shaped. The dress and stitching is sturdily made. The fabric is stretchy, soft and breathable. I wore it in the mildly warm temperatures around the Havana coast. Very comfortable. Recommend this dress for anyone who wants to feel like a lady :)


I love this dress. It fits perfectly, and it's gorgeous.


