This review is for the slim fit, not the skater dress. I got the LRG/XL based on the XL measurements in the 'sizing info'. It came in as a large, but it fits great nonetheless. Love the softness of it. The fit and length are as expected and the material is stretchy. I will be buying more in different colors.


I bought 10 of these dresses, they are WAY better quality than what I paid for and I love them more than any expensive dress I've ever purchased. I'm 5ft 2in, 135lbs, wear a 30FF bra and a small fits me perfectly. I carry all my weight in my hips and tummy and this dress is so flattering on me. I get nonstop compliments no matter which one I wear. My only complaint is that they need to make this dress in patterns other than floral. I would buy more if they did! My picture is of the green dress since there are no other reviews or photos of it. I may be from WI but it was more Packers colors than muted fall tones like I wanted. Still fit great though!


I really like this dress however, it is incredibly short on me (which is why I picked "somewhat small" for the fit). It isn't actually too tight, just VERY short. Any shorter and I couldn't wear it in public. I feel better with tights and I usually do wear Under Armor shorts underneath my dresses (both for 'just in case' and also because my thighs are giant and rub together in an uncomfortable manner otherwise). I am quite tall, 5'11, but still...it just looks a little longer in the photo. I'm used to having to translate what I see online into how it might look on my Sasquatch self but this one really does look longer in the photo than in reality. Oh well. Its a really pretty dress and quite comfortable material. If you're 5'9 or under it would be no problem


I dislike this dress. I look like a child in it. Color is faded and material is cheap looking.


This dress is PERFECT. I ordered a medium and I am glad I did. You do not need to go up a size. I usually wear a size 8 in jeans, and a small or medium in tops. I'm a curvy gal and this dress is really flattering. It's sexy but not too sexy. My measurements are 32dd-27-39. If yours are close to this I would definitely go with a medium!


You can go casual and wear flip flops with it, or add a cropped denim jacket, chunky heels and nice jewelry for a cute dinner date outfit.  It's not too short, either... I am 5'7" and most skater-style dresses (from the 21 place) barely cover my butt! This one hits a couple inches above the knee.The fabric is good quality, thick and soft, but not hot or sweaty. I'm back online and going to order another in a different color.


Beautiful dress, great fabric, better than I expected.


Fits too tight around the bust in a large size to be attractive fit, there very little stretch if any to the fabric at the bust line.


Disappointed.  My Bust measurement is @38 to not be too tight.  Large says it is 40"?  It is not. I ordered a size up according to the other feedback.


Had to send it back. Really wish it fit, but not sure what size to actually buy.


Amazon size charts are not accurate to the product, but are some kind of average size? Like a shot in the dark to see if it will actually fit.


Will not buy any more clothing items on Amazon until the generic size chart Amazon  uses for everything, yes,  looks like it is the same one used on all of the clothing items, but the sizes of different brands of clothing offered for sale do not actually reflect the size dimensions on the Amazon generic size chart.  Humm. Bummer.


Beautiful dress and print, perfect length, I am 5'2".


Love it. Gorgeous casual summer dress. Was a little snug, but I think that has more to do with the fact that I need to lose a few lbs then the dress itself. Regardless, I love it and will be wearing it a lot this summer!


This dress fits great. For dresses, I usually wear a size medium, so I decided to go with that after reading reviews. I have a small frame, but I also have a little pudge in the belly department and was hoping that it would still fit the way it should. I am also 5 feet tall, so I never know how dresses are going to hang on me. Well, the area in the tummy fit well and the dress hit right at my knees. This is the perfect summer dress. You can dress it up to be look upscale or dress it down to look more casual. I also love the way it looks on my brown skin tone. I plan on purchasing more in different styles in the future.


I'm 5'5, 200 (apple shaped) and I ordered this in an XXL. It fits, but it's very form-fitting. If I gained more than a couple of pounds, it would be too tight. I followed the size chart and it worked for me. Length is a smidge above the knee. The fabric is not too thin or too thick, and it's pretty stretchy. A perfectly appropriate dress for work (with a cardigan), a night out, brunch, almost anything. The colors are exactly as pictured (I got the black one with multicolored roses). Very satisfied with this purchase.


This dress fits great. I got medium and I'm 5 '6 and 130ibs. I was told I look like June cleaver. Looks like it's from the past. It goes really went with a dark red cardigan. I thought I might look too good in it. It's dressy and flattering. Great price for the quality. Will more in other colors.


