love it!


Really cute! My husband loved it, and for once we agreed :)  Pretty stretchy material, so if you're debating between 2 sizes, I would go down, not up!


So comfy and fits great. I am 5'10" and it's not too short. Doesn't squeeze under my arms either. I want more colors and patterns. Some of the colors look like curtains. I would love this in tons of patterns/colors.


Important Note: Sizes are based on "Asia" sizes not US, as advertised. I finally realized that (double checked the tag) after trying several sizes/colors. Thought I had gained weight, LOL. I probably need to order a X Large or XXLarge in this to fit loosely but, I'm exhausted with trying. The sizing discrepancy really needs to be corrected.


My fiance loves the way this dress looks on me, and I may too if I were about 5 lbs lighter. I ordered a Large, and when I received it I felt it was a little too snug, but I wear all my clothes too big. Again, my fiance says it looks perfect so my "too snug" feeling is personal preference. The material is very light, perfect for a hot day, but with a cardigan, could still be worn in the office. My first day with it was great, then I washed it, and as I was hanging it up to dry noticed the tag said MEDIUM! So the too snug feeling was due to the company sending me the wrong size. Again, I should have looked before I took the tag off, but you kind of just assume they will send you the right size.


Perfect...I love this dress I'm Asian 95lbs,5'1 and now im planning to get another color.


Absolutely love this dress on me! Will update with picture soon! Bought Xl I am 5'2" 210...chest is 44 DD.... Get compliments all the time bought another one ❤️


I thought the dress was very flattering, but the fabric was so thin. It didnt leave much to the imagination! The neckline fell really low. I wear a full cup bra and the top of the bra was showing from the front and sides. You would have to wear some kind of tank inside if you chose to wear this.


Exeeded my expectations. For around $20 it's a great dress. The color and shape is great plus I recivced a lot of completens every time I wore it. I'm around 145 at 5ft 6in and got a medium.


The dress I received ran just a little large. The dress is very comfortable to wear. It is 95% polyester and 5% spandex. What I love about this dress is that it can easily be worn as a Fall/ Winter outfit by adding a jean jacket, leggings, and boots. The dress can be used for numerous types of occasions/events. I ordered the black dress.The colors of the flowers on this dress are quite vibrant and pop out in photographs.


