Love love love this dress!! It does fit just a little bit smaller like all the reviews say, so as long as you expect that then you won't be surprised or disappointed. This particular dress (the gray one) is the FIFTH one I have purchased. I now have the dress in the gray, (obviously) light pink, navy, black and green. The green one is more of a teal and not once have I worn it and not gotten compliments from random strangers on it. After the green, the light pink would have to be my 2nd favorite as the smaller flowers are dispersed more throughout the fabric than the larger print on some of the other color dresses and therefore they help to camouflage a food baby after a large lunch (lol!) Or any other perceived flaws you believe yourself to have. I love that these dresses can be worn with flip flops while running errands, with cute wedges or sexy heels, with shrugs, shaws, cardigans, denim jackets and even petticoats! They are so versatile and can be dressed up or down so many different ways. They are the best.


I love this dress! It is even more beautiful in person than on the sight. The fabric is super comfortable! The dress is a little flowey on the bottom when you move around which I love and it definitely is complimentary on your body shape as it hugs around nicely. I would definitely recommend this to a friend and the price the dress is a steal. Love it! After this came in I even went and ordered another 5 more and will get more after I get paid again.


I received so many compliments on this lovely, comfortable, and VERY FIGURE FLATTERING DRESS!!! I wore it on a three day getaway with my husband just to dress up for my Hubby, so the compliments came from complete strangers, and other ladies inquiring about where I had purchased it. I was happy to tell them!! I had never heard of "Tom's Ware" before I purchased this dress here on Amazon. The price was excellent, the dress is lovely, and can be worn all year by adding a cardigan or "fly away jacket". The other very impressive detail is that this company provides so many colors and patterns for this dress style that there is literally something for every lady regarding color/patterns. Very pleased. Highly recommended. Will buy from this seller again without question.


I realize this is an inexpensive dress, and I will say the fabric is good. But who sells a dress where the top part is coming away from the bottom? I had to stitch up at least seven holes which where the waist was separated from the rest of the dress!


This dress is very pretty and soft however I am slightly disappointed it isn't as dark and muted as the pictures show. I purchased the navy with pink flowers and it is much brighter, busier and louder than I had hoped. I would like it more if there were less flowers, there's hardly an inch that isn't covered with flowers.


Now about the fit; I am 5'7 170lbs and I purchased a size large. It is very tight in the chest area which can be good or bad depending on your size. I tried this on with a lightly padded bra first and it really smushed my boobs and gave me way too much cleavage. In the pictures I wear the dress without a bra and it works out alright. For reference I am a 36C. In my opinion this dress is meant for very petite women or women that have thin hourglass bodies. On me it looks ok but not great. I'll probably keep it to wear to church or family get-togethers occasionally as my husbands likes it on me. I'm not crazy about it but it was worth the $18.


I was so disappointed that the garment was way too small.  I had read a positive review from a woman 5'8" and 140.lbs,which is close to my size.  I purchased the medium like the reviewer.  No way was this a medium. The dress was very tight and very short.  I had trouble moving my arms.  I let my friend try on the dress, size 1 and 105 lbs and she said it was too small for her. Wish it did run true to size. I loved the cut, fabric and print.  I am very disappointed. Don't even think a large will fit.


I love this little summer dress. As soon as it arrived I tried it on and it fit perfectly. It was an teensy bit snugger than I'm used to but it was not uncomfortable. I wore it for the rest of the day! I'm 5' 1.5", My chest is 45", bra size 40 DD. I have the XL. As you can see in the picture, the dress is at my knee.  Perfect for a casual summer dress!  My only problem now is choosing my next color!


(YAY! one of my pictures is right side up instead of sideways!)


The fabric was soft and fairly heavy.  However, the dress (size small) was probably a size 0.  I usually wear a small and the top was skin tight on me.  It was above the knee and I'm 5' tall.  Sent it back.  The Herou dress like this on Amazon is roomier and a bit longer (knee length on me).  The Fensace dress like this is even roomier and more stretchy.  It is 2 to 3 inches longer than the Herou.


I really, really loved the 3 dresses that I bought on here, but unfortunately they were just a tad too tight, which I could've lived with but they were also a little too short for my liking. I'm only 5'2" but it hit above my knee, which is a bit unusual... I just prefer my dresses to hit below my knee. The quality of the material was better than most others on here. If you like  your dresses over the knee, do not hesitate... these are absolutely adorable, bright colors, very good quality!


Just as pictured, the colors are vibrant and the print is beautiful. Material is soft and not too thick, but not see through. The bust is a little tight (36C and I ordered a medium) but it's perfect other than that. Very flattering. I will be wearing it for my engagement pictures. This is the second Tom's Ware dress I've ordered (the other was a 3/4 sleeve version) and I am very pleased with both purchases. My go-to dresses.


