The last couple years I have purchased 7 of these dresses, in 7 different colors, and on various occasions; this time, however, it was different. The two (Dark Navy and Navy with Blue Flowers) came cut totally different than the original 7: The straps are thinner, the bust and waist are an inch higher, and the fabric has a funny sheen to it. It feels strange on the skin; and is no longer flattering, since it doesn't sit at the natural waist anymore. (I measure the same, there should be no reason for a discrepancy.) In addition, one of the dresses had a lopsided waist; it was a half-inch higher on one side than the other. I don't know what is going on. This dress went from 5 star to 1. Extremely disappointing. Returned both. Make sure to handwash the original ones so that they last longer. Such a shame. This was my go-to dress. Very very disappointed.


Very comfortable dress, but I'm glad I sized up to the XXL size, because this material shows your lumps and bumps too much in your normal size. I think the solid colors might be a thinner material than the floral, because my floral dress is much more forgiving. It looks like the same dress, but may be a different style #.  The dress is very stretchy, so once I stretched it out with my hands, my lumps were much less noticeable. And when I added a cropped cardigan in a bright coral over it, it looked adorable. I really like this brand of clothing, I think you get excellent value and comfort for your money. If you have a smooth figure I think you could probably order your normal size, but if you have lump issues, you should order up a size. I'm 5'3" and it came to around my knees.  It was a little wrinkled when I took it out of the bag, but it ironed very easily. I would definitely like to order this dress in more colors. Highly recommend.


I was a little nervous when I purchased this dress because I didn't know if it would run small. I'm a little over 5'7", 218 pounds, and I normally wear a 1x-2x. Bust size: 38GG. I am roughly a size 16. I ordered the navy dress with pink and blue flowers. It fits comfortably and still has a little room. The only issue for me is that there's a slight gaping at the armhole, so I will need to sew a dart or take up the shoulders a little for better fit. I could probably go down a size, but I wanted to err on the side of caution.


The material is soft. It's 95% polyester, so we'll see how well it does on a hot day. It looks well constructed for the price point (seams look good) and I suspect it will hold up well after several washings. I like the dress and will probably buy it in other colors, though I'm debating on whether to try the 1x next time and compare.


The 2x dress seems true to size and is probably designed for a 16-20, depending on how snug of a fit you want. It's a slightly loose, but comfortable fit for me at 16 (though I will need to fix the gaping near the armhole). The dress fits me above the knee. If you are short/petite, it will probably hit you at or below the knee. This a great dress for the price.


Just got mine today in the navy.  I like it well enough (at this price) to buy another one, but I will buy a large instead of a medium.  I am 36DD in the bust, and this was a bit tight and a bit short in the medium - still able to wear it, but a large would be a better fit.  I am 5'4", usually wear a 12 in dresses (right now anyway), if that helps someone with ordering.  As others have noted, the dress looks great when paired with a cardigan. Perfect for a resort dinner or evening on the beach.


Fantastic dress!! Completely happy with my purchase. It's a good material and slightly stretchy. It's a good, respectable length but not too long and not too short. I'm 5'6" and weigh about 167 and a Large fit perfectly without being too baggy or too tight! I'm going to buy more!


Definitely order a size or two up! I am usually a medium/small and had to order a large. I am 5'2" 145 pounds. However, this dress was perfect! Very flattering and complimented my body! Material is good quality and light weight. Perfect for a summer dress! As long as you get the correct size you should be good to go!


114lbs, skinny with a belly bulge. these dresses in small were tight fitting from the below hip & up. did not flare out below boobs like shown in pics so did not hide belly at all, if anything it actually makes my stomach look bigger since size is way too snug for a suppose size 4-6, even my 34C boobs are being flatten in these dresses. Patterns and material is decent however and dresses looked sewn okay.


got these on prime day sale for a decent low price and although i won't be wearing them out of house this summer like i planned, they will make for comfy in house dresses.


7/22:


when more choices came up, i bought solid purple color in medium. fits me a lot better than small! on my body. snug on top but, not tight and very comfortable however the solid color dye job is horrible, dark spots in a couple areas, like when you get oil on your clothes. lighter pinkish purple in others, like a small amout of bleach got splashed on you and all the way down side bottom where hem is inside, the outside color is a lighter purple than rest of dress so it looks like you can see hem through dress! bad quality dye color job!! Do love this medium size though so will definitely still buy more of these dresses but, only in floral prints since they hide any imperfection there may be and are actually made with a better quality material than the solid colored ones!


update: got the same floral pattern i originally ordered in medium, not same medium fit as solid color. tight fitting on top and not as long, not much bigger than the floral size small IMO.


I ordered the XL, it was way too small. I will try again with a larger size, as I do love the fabric and the cut of the dress.


Ordered small, and it's a bit tight but very form fitting and comfy, also doesn't look like it will wrinkle. It's a bit shorter than I hoped.


So I'm 5'7", 180 lbs and a straight-up-and-down rectangle body shape. Ordered this as a versatile dress I could theoretically wear dressed up or down, in any season. I ordered a Large because that's usually the size that fits me best, but it is a touch smaller than I'd like. Probably it fits me just the way it's supposed to, come to think of it, but I prefer just a bit more wiggle room in my dresses, so unless you're looking for something that hugs every curve (on your upper body anyway), I recommend going up a size.


I think I'm going to go with this though - it's a little shorter than I'm used to but that never hurt anyone. Can easily see wearing this on its own this summer or with leggings, boots, and a sweater in fall. It's really very versatile. Also the fabric is thicker than I expected it to be, and it appears very well made and durable. Looking forward to having this in my wardrobe for a long time! May buy in other colors too.


