Stretches down too low on my chest. SUPER sheer. Even with a liner underneath you could still see my white underwear. Otherwise, it was really cute. I had to wear two layers underneath.


This review is for the "Tom's Ware Women's Classic Slim Fit Sleeveless Midi Dress" (there are several dresses listed on this page).


I am 5'6, 140 lbs, 36-26-42. I ordered this dress in S/M and it fits perfectly. The material is a medium weight jersey, not too thin so that it shows every bump and garment underneath, but not so thick that it's like a blanket. It is quite stretchy so it contours comfortably but tight enough that it keeps a flattering shape.


It reaches right to my knees so it is discreet enough to wear to work but still sexy enough to wear out for drinks afterward. The armholes are fairly wide, so they don't pinch or get wadded up in your armpit. The back and shoulders are wide enough that regular bra straps are completely hidden but a racerback would fit nicely as well. The neck is wider than a crew but still modest.


I highly recommend this comfortable, versatile and classy dress and will be ordering it in more colors soon!


This dress is so cute with a sexy twist to it. I want them all! I'm almost 6ft tall and 140 lbs and the small fit like a glove and it's not too short either.


I got the yellow tutu to add fluff and length to this short 50's style A-line dress which is also sold on Amazon: 


 as well as a yellow shrug, also from Amazon: 


. I love the whole ensemble! Each piece fit sized correctly (although I was expecting the shrug to be short, it was full length). I am 5"6", 220 lbs, 46-42-52 and everything fit just right. I ordered XXL (US 18-20) for everything.


I highly recommend all 3 as a lovely combination!


I'm 5'2" 180-195 and XL fit perfect. It is so pretty and comfortable. It lays very nicely and hits right at the top of my knee. Worn twice, quality so far seems great.


I love this dress! True to size and matches my new cardigan which was a plus!!! Will buy another dress, in a different pattern from this seller.


These dresses are sooo adorable! I bought another one in blue and it gets so many compliments! Usually these type dresses have the waist up too high, so they look kind of like maternity wear. This one sits lower and is super flattering!


I absolutely love this dress. I'm 5'2 and 190 lbs with a bra size of 40H so I was worried about the fit. I ordered the 2x and it fitted perfectly with a little room to spare. Great spring dress.


Size: Large. I am 5'4, 175lbs and normally wear a size 12/14 in women's. I purchased a Large taking a chance that it wouldn't be too tight and it fits perfectly! If you're curvy like me where you have a "ghetto booty" and bigger boobs this dress accentuates all the right curves while hiding the ones that are less than ideal.  It can be hard finding clothes that fit evenly from top to bottom. The dress is knee length with my height and is great for wearing to all kind of occasions. I don't normally wear floral anything but my husband wanted to see me in something colorful (other than black) for once and so I decided to surprise him with this dress matched with a cute waist cincher belt. I've been slowly losing weight and this dress seems like one I can lose weight in and take it in easily if need be.


I received this dress in the mail this afternoon. Trying it on, I am so pleased with the way it fits and especially the colors! The colors are beautiful!


For reference: I am 5'8" - 210lbs - 38F - hourglass body type and I purchased this dress in the Dark Blue in an XXL.


This is your typical fit and flare, sleeveless dress. I like the high back, scooped neck and full skirt. This dress is perfect for church, a casual date or summer bbq in the backyard. I could probably even dress it up with a belt and pumps and wear it to a casual wedding. It is light and airy and an effortless outfit for a lunch date with your girlfriends. The dress fits me well and hits just above my knees (maybe 2-2.5 inches above my knees).


My only qualm with the dress is it is a little big around the armpits (but at least it's not too small!!) this doesn't bother me that much, but it would be easy to sew a few darts in the bust to solve this problem (if you're handy with a sewing machine or know someone who is). Other than that, it seems great. I haven't worn it out and about yet, nor have I washed it, but I am excited to wear it soon!


