I am 5 foot 4 1/2... I am 135 pounds bust measures 35 .. So I was so on the fence on if I should get a small or medium.. I HATE tight fitting clothes I ordered the small.. The dress is super soft.. Sits about 2 inches above my knee.. Im over 40 so finding appropriate lengths is hard. Ita a great dress. Especially for the price.


I am 5'3 and 120 pounds... Dress is a small and fits perfectly! Looking forward to when they sell on in black :)


Tom's Ware Casual Fit and floral dress, it is a very pretty dress but it is a little tight and a little short for me. It is tight around the chest and stomach area and short as it coming just before the knee. It also feels heavy, more or less a spring dress, not a summer dress. I did not return thou as I think it is really pretty and as long as it does not shrink when I wash and dry it , I will wear around the house. Three stars for being a little small, tight around the midsection and for being heavy. I recommend that you go up a size or two. I normally order a exlarge because i don't like things that are tight and that is what I ordered here and it is tight


I'm so impressed with this dress I'm 1. Writing a review and 2. Buying two more! Material is thick, but not too hot thick, more "you can't see undies through it" thick! It's tight where it should be tight and flares out perfectly. I'm thrilled I've found a style of dress that looks amazing on me and that has so many different patterns!


Well. I first ordered this dress in size L in white-blue which I absolutely loved, so wanted to order another color in the same size. It was sooo hard to choose because they're all so cute, but I finally decided on the white-purple. What a disappointment when it arrived! It wasn't the same fabric and was also a whopping 2" shorter in the length than the white-blue. Guess I didn't even consider the length problem would happen since the first dress fit to a T; I thought they'd all be the same... I'm wondering why they vary and how I can now check the length now before ordering, because I would still like this dress in another pattern. I'm a 5'11" middle-aged woman and certainly can't wear my dresses as short as that one was, so I had to return it. Very sad. :(


Love everything about this dress so after getting one I ordered 3 more for an upcoming trip to the tropics!  Fun colors. The tank style of the top makes the dress very cool.  I like that it only has a bit of a flare at the bottom. The fabric is a non-wrinkle soft knit and is thick enough so no slip is required.  The price is very reasonable so if at the end of a summer of sunscreen the dress is trashed, it won't be a big loss.  I am 5'4" and 113 pounds.  The small fits perfectly.  I am small on top and the dress is quite snug through the bodice.  I might have liked another inch to the length.


I just love this dress. I'm 5'5", 158lbs. and a bit thicker in the hips than the bust. A large fit me perfectly and actually makes my bust look bigger than it is. Super flattering. Where the waist falls on me is just high enough to not emphasize the belly. It's long enough that I can wear it to work with a cardigan, but short enough that I'm comfortable wearing it out in the summer in Florida without feeling like I'm baking my legs. It also is great for not showing sweat, and I can wear a pair of yoga short under without showing them off unless I bend over at the waist. It's not too dressy, so I don't feel silly wearing it around theme parks with my running shoes, but it looks just fine with a nice pair of sandals as well. Oh, and it's SOFT. I wash it, flat dry it, and it feel like I ran with fabric softener. I want this dress in more colors, and I already have 2.


I purchased this dress from Tom's Ware and fulfilled by Amazon.  They talk about fakes in the listing, but I was sent a dress that is a different pattern, has a zipper when is should be a pull on, is the wrong size, and has a different manufacturer label on it.  It's an ugly looking dress that is headed straight back to Amazon.


Standing 5'2" and weighing 115 pounds, I purchased the dress in size small. I was extremely impressed with the dress' material.  It is soft; helps to hide little bumps and lumps; and is substantial without being too heavy. Its one flaw is its high waistline.


The material, which feels soft against your skin, is denser than I expected - so, I did not have to wear a slip.  Also, the material is substantial without being overly thick. This allows me to comfortably wear the dress during Tampa's hot August. The dress lays well and surprisingly hides those little bumps and lumps. In addition, its modestly designed scooped neck covers my bra while it simultaneously reveals a "little" cleavage.  As for its length, I am short and the dress falls right above my knees.  My one criticism regards the higher waistline because it emphasizes my short -waisted torso. Therefore, it de-emphasizes my slightly curved-in waist and makes me appear more boxy. Too offset this look, I wesr a short cropped jacket to visually elongate my torso (hope I explained that well).  All in all, I liked the dress.  The material is nice.  The cut of the dress will flatter most body types.  I, unfortunately, will always have to wear it with a cropped jacket or large, billowy scarf to offset the boxy effect.


After reading the reviews, I convinced myself to give this dress a shot. In 5'4", 203 lb, and wear a 38D cup- finding dresses that fit comfoetably and flatter me on Amazon is not usually something I can accomplish. But this dress is an instant WIN! I went with a large after some review research, and it's a nice fit! It is a little snug up top, and because I have a bit of a booty, it's a little shorter than I anticipated, but overall I'm super happy with it. The material is thick but not warm, and it's so cute! I'll be keeping this one, but I think I'll get my next one in an XL, just to have a little more room. If you're waffling on this, just GET IT! You won't regret it.


