Quick shipping, and the dress is beautiful! I ordered a size larger than her normal size, and it’s slightly big but not so much it will be an issue. The mterial is very smooth, kind of like a linen/satin feel.


My 7yr old has only worn this once but it was at a bounce house party. The dress held up perfectly. It fits true to size and looked sweet on my daughter. It's a bit thin and the material seems on the cheap side but as I said before, it held up great at a pretty active party of climbing and jumping. Plus, the price was so low I couldn't expect expensive material. She's fairly tall and it was down past her knees.


After reading the reviews I decided to get a size larger that's the reason for the four stars, there was no need for it. The dresses are very festive very summery flowing dresses for a party event are you serious they are well worth the mone The dresses are very festive very summery flowing dresses for a party event are you serious they are well worth the money.


I bought 3 of these dresses and they'll didn't wash well. But I didn't mind having to sew the bows back on ...until I saw that they charged me $10 more than what it was advertised as. I'll be contacting the seller and hopefully I'll be able to revise this with a much happier review


Cute dress. Got for my daughter for Easter dress. She loves it.


A total waste of money. It looks like it was hanging somewhere for years. The bows were grossly discoloured as if its burnt out. The white sections had a yellowish hue . my daughter was very dissappointed as she could not wear it as intended. It would have been a lovely dress had it not been so shop worn.


I was very happy when I took it out of the package and saw that it was exactly what I was expecting. It is being used as a flower girl dress in our wedding and has such easy care that it can be worn anytime and be a regular dress also. I was so happy to find this dress. Our granddaughter is excited to wear it and be able to wear it again and again. Love the light feel of the material and also that it has a liner so no slip needed.


Have yet to give to granddaughter so I am unsure on the fit.  This is an absolutely darling dress!  My only recommendation is that the bows should be removable for cleaning.  Beautiful for a little girl!


Ordered 1 size bigger and fitted just right. My girl loves the dress.


Is a beautiful dress!!! The colors are bright and elegant in the same time. Very cute dress for a very reasonable price. Also, the quality is very nice


