I bought the 6/6x for my 3.5 years old girl. The quality of the dress is excellent. This kind of dress are for tropical weather. The fabric is soft and I like it. Remember that this are made from China, so the size is smaller than normal size. My girl normally use 4 or 5, but I bought a size larger and this dress fit very well.  I also bought a size 7/8 for my niece that is 6 years old, but if is as taller as my niece you will need to buy a 9/10 size. (7/8 will last for 2 or 3 months)


My granddaughter loves this. She is a true girly girl. So the price was perfect. I will be buying more.


I purchased the purple size 6 and 9-10 for my girls getting their pictures professionally done. They were both very pretty and nicely made. They actually reminded me of the dresses my grandma made for me when I was a kid. ALL my dresses were homemade! It's nothing too fancy, light and flows wonderfully. Now, my 9 year old doesn't like dresses, so she won't be wearing hers again. But my 6 year old LOVED her dress. She loves it so much, I have purchased her more dresses from this same brand. I definitely recommend this dress.


I have been buying Sunny Fashions for that past several years and have been delighted.  The dresses are PERFECT FOR PLAY and a tidy look no matter where they go.  The dresses are not found in the local discount stores, so not every child has the same dress on.  If you keep that in mind I doubt you'll be disappointed.  I will say for a one-time special occasion dress, you will get complements galore, but after that, let the girls wear them out, because typically they out grow them anyway.  (Just my 2 cents for an item costing less than $10)


The only down side...  I think I've bought each dress at least once and I'm not really interested in duplicating...  love my Amazon Prime.


Very cute and well made dress with a lining. It did take a while to receive it, but not beyond what was promised. I think I will buy more of this brand dress if I can get my tomboy to wear more.


I purchased this yellow butterfly dress in a size 4-5 for my granddaughter who is not quite 3.5 years old, is 37 lbs and 39 inches tall.  It was a bit of a guess on the size to order as the size chart was not clear.  I would suggest to the company that they add both weight in pounds and height in inches to the chart. My grandchild has a slender and muscular build.  So, the dress is slightly loose on the chest and belly, which means she should be able to wear it for the spring and probably most of the summer, I think. The only con about the dress is that the washing instructions state that it must be hand washed, not twisted, and hung to dry.  We will see how that goes as we may try to eventually wash and dry on low.


First of all - this dress is thin cotton - perfect for summer heat.  It looks every bit as pretty as the photo and our little girl loves it.  It was bought for for a 5 year old that is on the tall side.  Based on the other reviews, I bought a size 7/8.  It fits her perfectly and will probably fit both this summer and next summer.  Since she lives in Arizona, it will be worn a lot.  I will order more of these dresses - but only in the 7/8 size.  So others can use this as a guideline - she normally wears a size 6.


I have resisted ordering from Sunny Fashion for several holidays. The reviews are all over the place in regard to fit and quality. Finally, the cost savings for such a lovely garment overrode my faith in reviews. Here is my experience:


My daughter is 50 inches tall, 50 lbs., and 10 years old and the size 9-10 fits great. The length is just above the knee, the shoulders are not saggy, her waist has plenty of breathing room.


The first day she wore one of these dresses, our dog jumped up on her and a claw tore a hole in the dress. A simple stitching has it back in her rotation, but we discovered the dress is not dog-proof!


She grows out of and needs new dresses every year, and these will be what she receives. The cost is very low and the quality is not sacrificed.


The estimate was 3 weeks for shipping (it ships from China) and on all three of the orders I placed, they all arrived in 2 weeks.


We will continue ordering these lovely dresses.


I have three precious granddaughters and love to buy them beautiful dresses as well as adorable casual clothing.  Approximately one month prior to ordering this dress and two others, I had gone on-line, on several sites, to look for pretty dressings.  It was a severe disappointment because the dresses were too plain, unappealing and generally "pricey" as well. When I was able to find pretty dresses, the prices were outrageous. Thankfully I do not judge a venue on one negative occurrence.  Thus the day I actually reloaded at dresses on-line, it was like a blooming, multicolored patch of tulips had opened! This and the other two I purchased came from a stunning and large new collection of not only beautiful, but also reasonably priced dresses. When my granddaughters received their dresses, they loved them and had to wear them as soon as they saw them. The lesson here is not to give up on finding what you are looking for on-line if your search was limited. Limited includes: only reviewing one site and/or avoiding using any particular site based on a single or very limited number of searches.  Amazon opens doors. If Amazon does not have what you are looking for, it also includes other merchandise organizations!


The package arrived on the last day of the expected delivery period, but technically still on time.  Shipping took longer from CA to FL than from China to US (makes me wonder).  Anyways, this pretty gorgeous dress came in a package together with another dress from the same seller, and although they were shipped in a plastic envelope, they arrived in perfect condition.


This dress is as pretty and gorgeous as it is in the pictures online.  It seems to be well made as the other reviews mentioned, the material is a dainty, soft cotton with a lining.  What I love about it is the hidden nylon zipper closure which gives this dress a classy look that it can be worn for formal occasions such as weddings.  The fit and the length are spot on for our 6-yr old granddaughter.  The only thing I recommend to the manufacturer is to make the two bows permanently attached or sewn to the bodice.  Being handy at these things,I sewed them on carefully so they won't get detached when washed or played with by curious, little hands.


Overall, this pretty, gorgeous dress is a great find for the price.  It takes a little bit longer to arrive so order about 15-17 days in advance.  Will definitely purchase again from this seller for our other granddaughters.  Already got compliments from their moms.


My girls looked amazing in these. They fit perfectly. Thanks.


