Not as expected.


Ok


She loves this dress. It fits her perfectly and it's beautiful on her. This dress is highly recommended for anyone looking for a cute dress to put their little one in :)


I am so impressed with the quality of the material and the construction of this beautiful little dress. It’s so well-made I know it will hold up well with wear. I have not washed it yet. I had to send the first one back and am waiting for the replacement.  My granddaughter is a size 5 and we ordered the size 6. It was too big so I’m confident the 5 will fit her. So, true to size. It’s an incredible bargain for the price. I’d buy from this company again.


This dress took too long to arrive, but arrived on time for her party. It was of ok quality. Seemed thin on top. Then, it fit her perfectly and she LOVED it. Total win. No transparency on top that I detected. Great buy. Beautiful dress.


UPDATE: She has worn it twice since the first time and it still looks like new. She stil absolutely LOVES it, and is begging to wear it to school. Still fits her perfectly two months after purchase. I bought size 4-5, she is 4 and average build.


I like it. It's pretty. But the size 11/12 runs small. It works if your child is relatively thin. Good luck if they are not. It looks a little nicer online, but it's still pretty. It is also comfy -not itchy- says my girl.


This dress  is absolutley awesome!! My niece loved it! I bought  it for her and I am so glad I did! It may run just a tad smaller  then it should ,but if your girl is a small petite little girl like my niece ;she should be fine with the size. No biggie! The colors on this dress are amazing! That is why I got it for here! Material seems like it is going to last too.


Really good quality and just so beautiful! You won't be disappointed. I wasn't expecting such a well made garment with high quality material.


I got this for my friends granddaughter's birthday. She is now a nine year old who loves dressing up and she loved this. They live in Alabama USA and the thin material is ideal for the temperatures there. An excellent buy and a fast delivery from China. Thank you


My niece adores this dress. She wants to wear it everyday.


