I ordered this dress for my granddaughter.  Per the recommendations I ordered it according to the measurements for this particular dress.  It was a perfect fit.  The fabric is very lightweight and is single layer so obviously its not going to have any poof to it.  I wish it were a little heavier but I just made my granddaughter a full slip with netting layers on it so that solved all problems.  Its a beautiful dress and is well made.  I will definately buy more of these for my granddaughters and am already recommending them to others.  I wish they had more styles to choose from with short and long sleeves because this is definately a summer dress unless you live in a very mild climate.


these dress are very thin and stain mega easy. probably only reason they sell online :( very upset with this purchase. They do fit as expected though.


Its alright very cheaply made very thin


My daughter is a very petite size 8/10, I purchased this as an 11/12 and it fits exactly right.  I would suggest purchasers go up one size.  The dress itself is beautiful!  She loves it!  It has a slight shiny sheen to the fabric, and the bows are satin.  It is shorter than I thought it would be, but it's at least tea length- below the knee.  Very cute and well worth the money!


This was a perfect dress for Easter. It fit perfectly. It was lined and well made. My granddaughter loves it! Thank you.


A beautiful dress!  Fit perfectly, and was just right in the skirt length which is a challenge for my tall daughter.


Beautiful, Beautiful, Beautiful! Love this dress it's perfect for our little princess this Easter! I will definitely be buying more dresses from this company!


This little dress is lovely.  It washes well but needs a bit of ironing.  The dress’s flow is delightful and has an underskirt.  The butterflies are 3-D.


Got this for my 8yr old for Easter. It was gorgeous and fit her perfectly.  It seems well made, colors were very pretty.


It is beautiful.  comes with a slip bit underneath.  It is made in china, which I don't like and would not have purchased, had I known.  Still, the little neighbor girl really liked it and I guess that is all that mattered.


