As Advertised...Quality Exceeded my Expectations..What is pictured is EXACTLY what I received!  Dress ridiculously adorable. Material is excellent quality. Fast Shipping! Great Price! Great Product!  Package was secured against potential damage in the mail. Description of item is consistent with photo. I am thoroughly satisfied.


Many Thanks


So beautiful. Love this dress and it is so soft my daughter didn't want to take it off. My daughter is 3 and wears a 5t shift. I got her a 6 - it fits ok but won't fit for too much longer.


This is a beautiful dress for spring and summer. It looks exactly as shown in the picture. I hand washed it; there was little to no shrinkage of the material. The material is thin, but the dress is lined properly. I am pleased with my purchase.


I bought this for my niece and everyone loves it one her and she looked so beautiful in it. great buy.


Bought it for a friend's daughter who is 9, but tall. However, her daughter said it was too long (She has skinny legs, so I guess she wants to show them off...AHAHAHA) and so she had to hem it up. LOL


This dress was cute, but very thin. I bought this dress for my daughter so I could take my kid's school pictures myself. We didn't do anything crazy, but the material is super thin and the dress ripped in 2 places. I wouldn't recommend this yo purchase.


Adorable on my 3 year old grand-daughter.  I bought size 4-5 so she will get some wear out of it. The tie helped take up the extra fabric until she grows some more.  It is well made and has a nice lining too.  Great purchase!


My Granddaughter is going on a cruise at Easter and she wanted something to wear on the ship that looks like an Easter dress and this fits that perfectly. Very pretty dress.We love it.


My daughter loves this dress! It's very pretty and has a slip sewn into it. My 7 year old wears a size 7/8, but based on other reviews I sized up to a 9/10. I'm very glad I did, it fits great and the length is good falling to her mid-shin.


It's a perfect little light dress. My 6 year old picked it out for her piano recital.  Normally I would do this dress for spring/summer. But the recital is indoors so we are wearing it in Autumn weather be darned!  It arrived in a simple envelope and it's soft and light and LINED.  What a great price for a great product. I highly recommend it.


