I bought several of these dresses so I'll copy the same review for them all. A friend of mine ordered some for her daughter and I loved them. Since I have no daughters, I have been gifting them to friends because they are so cute. I love how pretty and well made they are.


Terrible quality. Vendor offered refund--but required sending to a foreign address which would have cost more to ship to than we paid for this dress. The quality was so bad that the fabric frayed while ironing it. Label said 100% cotton--but it could not have been since the lining on the skirt part was clearly nylon or some other synthetic. The outer material was so thin--almost like paper.


Beautiful summer dress. Well stitched, washes well-I was surprised stains wash right out. My daughter looks cute in this adorable purple flowered dress. The  length runs between her knees and her ankles,. My daughter wears a 7/8. After reading other reviews i ordered an 11/12. This dress runs one size smaller, witch is great because she can wear it again next summer. Even though it runs one size smaller, I gave it 5 stars because the dress is an outstanding value for how little it cost.


Delivered fast! Gorgeous! Nice summer material and beautiful print! But not to thin or sheer. She didnt need a slip and it was sunny.  I bought a size 10 for my 8 year old. It runs small so the 10 fits well.


Never tried it on Granddaughter....it was very cute, nice style and looked about right size, but the skirt part of the dress had a very gray-ish tinge to it, where it should have been white with green flowers! The rest of the dress was a proper white, even the sashes. Sent it back the next day, as it was for an upcoming event! . I ordered two other dresses (also in Green Mode),one has come, and looks fine, (haven't tried it on yet (event is May 30th), but the other one has not arrived as yet. I will have to find the extra green dress somewhere locally as I can't take a chance this late. I'm hoping the third dress will be OK, as Green dresses aren't that easy to find.


This product is great. The material does not feel cheap (although the price definitely was). I would definitely recommend. It was a beautiful dress.


However, fair warning that this product ships from overseas. It took longer than expected (but only because I didn't notice where it would be shippng from).


A nice, pretty dress. Unfortunately, the colors are somewhat more subdued than the picture suggests, and the dress appears more white than lilac.


My daughter said she likes the sewed-on lilac bows the best.


Acceptable quality, the material is thin but not too thin, and the dress is lined. The first wash did not make the dress shrink, colors did not run.


I have bought a few dresses from this seller, and am quite happy with the clothes.


Sizing and quality appear to be consistent across different dresses.


This is a beautiful dress. The quality was much finer than I expected for the price. It has a liner inside and everything. It is one of the best online dresses I have bought. I haven't given the dress to my niece yet. I am saving it for her birthday in August. She will be so excited. She will be turning 4. I bought the 4-5 size for her and when I saw it I thought right away it looked a little large. I measured it and than her and it does seem to be a bit large. She may grow some by August and I would much rather it be too big than too small which has been my problem in the past. Her little sister has ended up with a lot of dresses that were meant for her.


On Amazon the dress seems white and green, with the bottom part being a little bit darker than the rest of the dress. But when it arrived the dress has a strong BROWN background at the bottom!!!! Nothing like the picture!!!


My daughter is not a big fan of brown, so I am very disappointed with the dress.


This dress took a very long time to get here.  I ordered on March 10, hoping it would arrive by Easter.  It arrived April 2.  Just as well it was late, as I was disappointed when it finally arrived.  The white bodice part looks dirty/dingy.  The fabric is very starchy and will need extensive ironing after it is washed.  The skirt part is not a white background, it is a faded dingy pinkish coral color.  On a positive note, it is well constructed with a nice zipper in back.  It would be cute in a different fabric.


