It is a beautiful dress! Can't beat the price and fit! My daughter is  a size 2 and DD and the size 4 worked perfect. She is also 5'6" and 115 lbs.


Can always take in....not out. Love it!


Very pretty


The dress is of good quality but is very small to size. It's a side zipper and I couldn't shut it at all.


This dress is very pretty!


This dress is so pretty and the fabric is very nice quality. I received it quickly. I ordered the gray one and it was really lovely. Unfortunately,  I am returning it.


I bought the right size. I know I did because I measured before I picked it, but it's nearly impossible to zip up. Not so much because its too tight as it is because the zipper is hard to lower and raise. The zipper is located on the left side, waist to armpit. When it wouldn't zip well, I took it off and re -zipped it. That's when I realized that, because of the shoulder flap (that sits a little broad), I can't get it on without having the zipper unzipped.


I'm not savvy with formal dresses so it might be user error, I just know I was afraid of busting the zipper when trying to close it.


It really is a beautiful style. I would have reordered it in a larger size but it's so long, I wouldn't have enough time to have it hemmed. I'm 5'1 so I would need a foot, at least, cut off.


It really sucks being short sometimes.


I refuse to leave negative feedback rating because their dress line is top-notch and they have earned my business in the future.


Very pretty dress on the model. Might fit some bodies! Cut strangely. Buy a size or two larger than you normally wear, if you buy.


I ordered this dress to wear as the mother of the bride at my daughter's wedding. The dress arrived on time, but the top was way to large and I had to have it altered. After that it fit well. I received several compliments on how beautiful the dress was.


Its great but a little tight on top.


I ordered gown for a formal event in my size 12 and the waist was to tight to zipper so I reordered a 14 with the same exact problem.  Dress waist doesn't give or stretch.


