Just what I needed!!!


I liked it but it doesn't fit. I had to return it and order size 12. Texture and style were fine


I had to go a size down with this dress, but it was perfect . It fits nicely, and everything was as expected.


1) this dress is absurdly oversized in comparison to the size chart.  I measured myself twice and compared it to the size chart to ensure I would get the right size.  When I pulled the dress out of the package, it was so huge I thought they had sent the wrong size by mistake. Nope!  Terrible, terrible sizing.


2) the dress itself looks cheap. The upper back panel with the silver swirls is done with very obvious machine stitching and silver sequins.  It looks like a very cheap and tacky prom dress. I was extremely displeased with the low quality. I can't imagine wearing this dress to a nice function.


I sent it back for a refund.


I wasn't sure what to expect for $40, but WOW! I ordered the dress on Sunday evening and received it Wednesday! It didn't come in a fancy box--just a basic plastic mailer. Very budget, but VERY quick! I tried the dress on and was just SO happy! It's just so lovely! I ordered the khaki. It's true to the picture for color. The feel of the fabric is very nice, very flowy. I was surprised that it's a bit big in the bust (as someone said it was small and I'm a 38D). It IS low cut and kind of open up top... so I guess I'll need a push-up bra with narrow straps (the descriptions says you can go without a bra but it's got such an open and plunging neckline I'm afraid my girls would pop out!). I'm just very, very happy with this dress--it's very glamorous and exceeds my expectations. So, so, so happy happy happy!!!


Beautiful dress


You get what you pay for.. Its nice but runs a tad big and is cheaply made. Buy if your short on cash if not spend a bit more for better quality.


Very satisfied with the dress. True to size.


Dress pretty good . I like it very much


It ran a size small, not too big, like other reviews said. Returning it for a bigger size. Gorgeous dress though!


