It arrived 5 days earlier than expected and I'm so happy.  It's very beautiful. Perfect for my wedding.  I love it! It's somehow loose but it's alright. It's a great deal!


Cannot beat the price and a good quality. Will be wearing this as a bridesmaids dress


When I first got this the wrong dress had come XD


However, the company called back after I called them and left a message and quickly found out my dress had been sent to someone else an di got their dress. I didn't need it in a hurry so I didn't mind (lesson girls always get your stuff ahead of time, no last minutes) and they quickly resolved the issues by sending me the correct dress in the correct size.


Its beautiful. I love how its longer in the back then the front. The color is a nice minty sage. it doesn't look cheap the dress has been hanging for a month now I think and its wrinkly free.


My only issue was the zipper does get stuck part way up. I think a bit of WD-40 will solve the issue. My mom certainly wasn't worried over it, saying it happens sometimes with these smaller zippers. if worst comes to worse ill replace the zipper myself.


I am also on the smaller side for the chest so I was a bit worried about that but it looks like with or without a bra it will fit me perfectly :)


Thank you for the beautiful dress.


It runs small so order up, you might need a seamstress for the bust area. I got one that was too tight in the bust, once i ordered a size up but the bust is too big so might need to visit a seamstress.


Very awkward fit. The dress fit around the waist, but the straps were 3-4 inches to tall.. I'm a 38 C and the dress was very big up top


Beautiful dress fit very well, got lots of compliments.


It was beautiful as expected but the zipper was so flimsy it busted not even half way up. I ended up having to get it completely replaced. Costed nearly as much as the dress just because it was an emergency repair.


I love it. If you are looking for a white gown jus go for it... you will love it and for this price. Just perfect.


Dnt think, go for it...


Very pretty dress - fits perfect


beautiful dress, but it runs smaller than the provided size chart and measurements says it does.


