I bought this dress as my wedding dress. We did a simple, family only event & I am not technically the dressy type. It is very elegant, the material is of good quality. My reason for 4 stars is I ordered a little bigger size than I needed & it was still a little tight around my ribcage. Though the bust was very spacious.. in my case I didn't need. But all in all, I loved it & it filled it's purpose :)


Beautiful ,fits quite good.it looks awesome. The only issue is that the material is cheap.it is easy to tear and get snags.but I guess,still a good buy for the price


Very pretty, but had to return it. There is no give AT ALL in the shoulders. Very uncomfortable and tight in that area.


I looked for a perfect dress for very long for my civil wedding. I bought around 5 or 6 different ones in different stores. I was skeptical about buying clothes online but I gave it a try anyways because the other dresses were not "the dress". The minute I tried I knew it was the dress and returned all others next day!


It was larger than other formal/wedding type dresses but was probably similar to normal dress sizes. I did not anticipate this so I ended up wearing another dress to my brothers wedding even though most of my family liked this dress better.


Got this for my wife for a military ball.  It fit her perfectly and she looked stunning.  Its not revealing at all and the shoulders means she wasnt pulling up on it all night like a strapless.


The dress does not look as same color of the picture, but still pretty. The dress is beautiful and little be small and very long, very translucent or clear


Fit small had to return.  I ordered small and I’m 5’1 102 lbs  very pretty dress though.  I’ll re-buy bigger when I have another event!


Pretty dress except for the sequins on the back. I ordered the purple color and the silver sequins looked to me a little cheap and more appropriate for prom not for a black tie charity event. Maybe if the colors didn't contrast as much it would seem more elegant. Also I wear in between an 8 and 10 (34D and 150lbs) and the 10 was definitely a full size to big.


very pretty and good quality, was way to big, but i was confused by other reviews that said it didnt fit right- it fits fine!


