BEAUTIFUL dress! (I wore it to a mother & son dance on May 13, 2017)But very tight in the bosom area which is hilarious because I'm flat chested. So in order to fit in the dress, I had to wear it without a bra! Super long but then again I'm very short (5'1").  Even with 4 inch heels it dragged on the floor. Over all I love dresses from Ever Pretty - I have bought 2 dresses from this company and I'm very pleased!


The dress is gorgeous but I am sending back.  I am 5'3", 34A bra, very active 125 lbs.  First I tried a size 4 and the side zipper wouldn't zip.  Ordered a size 6. Thought same thing. Too small. Turns out the zipper is just super cheap quality. My husband finally got it zipped then we couldn't get it unzipped.  The chest area was also super bulky.  And it's totally see through in the butt area from the back.


I almost kept this dress! Everything about it was quality and for the price? you cannot beat it. If I wasn't such a petite munchkin, I could pull this off. I felt like the top shoulders were a little too broad for me to pull off making the top feel lower than it should. You can see in the last shot of the triptych it's a bit broad on the side of my body.


5'4" 130lbs and a size c


I purchased this dress for my cousins wedding. I got soooo many compliments from people on this dress. It literally fit like it was made for me. I am 5'2" and weigh 140 lbs. I am a 32 DD. There was no way a bra was going to fit under this dress and I didn't need one to, which was surprising since I always wear underwire because I have bigger boobs. I was so impressed with how well this dress held me in, with some cleavage of course but I don't mind that. I gave this review 4 stars instead of 5 because I had to have the bottom hemmed, it does have a train and even with 1 1/2-2" heels it was still to long. Tip to getting this dress zipped- hook it first then zip it up. The quality of this dress is impressive, it doesn't look or feel cheap at all. I would definitely purchase this dress again. Can't beat the price!


So pretty


The material and quality of this dress is really nice, I loved it however the sizing is a bit off. Most recommended to go up one size, im usually a size 6 but i ordered an 8 to be sure. The dress fit but the front chest area is somewhat funny, has a weird shape and the bolero fits a bit ackward. My mom who has bigger chest than myself tried the dress but still didnt seem to embrace her body properly. I didnt end up using it for a party, I still have it handy but will definitely have to make some serious alteraciones at the front. The rest of the dress is beautifully made, has a small train and makes you feel like a princess!


I bought this in a size 16 for my sister to wear as matron-of-honor in a wedding.  She is a 14-16 in regular clothing, and it fit very well.  We had to sew a little in the neckline as she doesn't have a large bust, and the point of the neckline cut too low.  It could've just as easily been safety pinned as well.  The length was great and the small train that runs behind it is subtle, but elegant.  The dress is lined therefore it's not see-through, and it's of a quality you would expect for the price. Actually, the quality was much better than I expected. The sequins on the shoulder were neatly sewn and didn't look too cheap or garish.  They were mostly covered by her hair anyway.  You could probably easily remove them, if you wanted.  It does come very wrinkled, so be prepared to steam it before you wear it.  The good news is that it didn't wrinkle easily after it was steamed and during wear.  We bought one in lavender and one in purple.  Both were pretty much the colors you see in the listing.  This dress is worth a shot.  If it doesn't work, you can either give it to someone or return it.  Love Amazon A-Z Guarantee!


I ordered this online and was a little worried because finding clothes for me online is never easy. I am fuller in the chest area and a little less around the middle. Definitely buy according to bra size. I wore this dress to a ball and received compliments on it all night long. I do recommend putting a bustle in it if you can. It flows beautifully when you are dancing though. It's a little long. I am 5' 6" and had heels on and it still touched the floor (which is exactly what I wanted). It was very comfortable and flattering (even for a 40 year old mother of 3). If you're considering buying it, I say go for it. I know I'm glad I did. I didn't get a good picture of just me from the front but I did get one of the back and I am including it.


I loved the dress, but it was to small had to return it and get a different size and color. The dress was very nice, and looked exactly like the picture. The dress is for my son's wedding. I just received the size I need and I love the dress it's beautiful


Perfect dress. Love the fit.  I'm 5'5 and about 150lbs.  Fits great with a little wiggle room which I'd rather have.  Falls to the floor so expect heels.  Has a train so will drag regardless.  Very well made.  Has discrete zipper on the side.  The shoulders are attached so don't have to worry about them falling off.  Perfect dress. Perfect price.


