The dress is beautiful just too small I ordered my size but needed to order up 2 sizes. I am re ordering it larger.


The dress is beautiful , fits like a glove,very we'll made. Can't wait to wear it on our cruise.Will order from them again.


Really believed that it would fit my size I reviewed the size measurement but it seems that it is smaller than the list given.


Not giving up on that dress though....lol


I bought this dress for me to wear to my daughter's sweet 16 birthday party with a prom theme. It arrived quickly and is more beautiful than I expected!! It fits perfectly too!! VERY pleased and it was a great value!!


This dress is beautiful! Perfect fit, gorgeous color, and very well made.


Dress is beautiful just cut small at bust.  If you are over a DD Do not buy this dress it will not fit you.


Ever Pretty must make these dresses especially for me. I wear a size 12 on a good day and a 14 on the others. I purchased a size 14. I wear  a 38D bra and found that there is enough padding in the gown to wear it without a bra, however because of the low cut you can see the "length of your breasts." It's not just top cleavage. It's the whole inner line of your breast. I didn't like that at all. I thought they looked saggy. So, I purchased a pushup plunge bra with straps. I had to safety pin the straps to the dress to prevent them from being seen in window across the back. The bra eliminated the saggy issue and gave me more cleavage than needed. It was quite a display, but it was a Mardi Gras ball not a church function. So, sexy was not a problem. The dress has a train in the back that I carried when I walked and danced. The dress is gorgeous. The neckline and empire waist accents the bustline and then the chiffon immediantly flows away from the body creating a beautiful silhouette. No lumps and bumps. So, no uncomfortable undergarments needed with this dress. My only unresolvable issue with this dress is the side zipper. I need every designer to know that the side of a garment is the worst place to put a zipper on any garment that is designed for women with breasts. My husband had to zip me in which wasn't exactly easy. I was fine once zipped, but I had to hold adjust myself for him to zip it. I give this dress 5 stars because I felt absolutely beautiful in this purple gown!


I loved the dress. I looked and felt like a queen. It surprised me with a train.  The color was wine and the dress was beautiful.  My husband of 31 years couldn't keep his eyes off me all evening.  I will wear this dress again.


I was very pleased with the fit and look of the dress.  I took it to the cleaners as soon as I got it and it looked gorgeous once pressed.  I wore to a Great Gatsby New Year's Eve Gala and it was the perfect combination of flirty and elegant.  The emerald color was a hit too.  I lost track of the compliments I got on the dress.


Runs very small, ordered a 10, has side zipper and could not very get the zipper up at all.  Usually wear a 10 in formal dress so that I do not have to wear a bra. Therefore returned the dress.


