The fit is somewhat small, but please note that I have a 34DDD bust, so that's not really an accurate representation of the average woman buying a medium. Otherwise, the fit was perfect and I loved the dress. It was beautiful and well made and I was disappointed that I wasn't able to wear it. I did keep it because I have someone who can take out the dress in the bust area. Definitely worth the buy!


This dress is absolutely breathtaking! Thankfully I read the reviews and knew what to expect with it fit wise-  a size 6 fit my 32DD chest perfectly. The only thing I had to do was go get it tailored because at 5'2 I am very petite and was swimming in this dress. It looks extremely elegant on and I got a ton of compliments. I will certainly be wearing it to many more events in the future and will seek out more dresses by Ever Pretty for years to come.


This dress is beautiful. When I received it, I thought it would have been to big and too long for me but after I tried it on it fit perfectly. The length is perfect. The padding is a bit small because I am a DDD bust cup but I can make it work. The back piece that looks like a trail is not long at all, the length is just right. The sequins on the back are lovely. It may need to be lined a bit because they poke me through the material as it is thin but other than that, my family love the dress and I can't wait to wear it for the wedding.


Really liked the dress itself, but didn't fit as I tried to zip it under the arm.  I wear a size 6 and I am a 34-36 across the back, so this was disappointing because I'm small up top and it should have fit.  I can't go up in size because it will be too big.  I think the dress was mistakenly made too narrow across the top area--disappointed.


After reading all the reviews and hearing the comments that the dress is smaller in size. I went to the sizing chart and reviewed the sizes. Since I was between sizes I order the larger one. It just fittet right. For closing the zipper I needed a second person.


I didn't like the small train in the back, so I had it altered and removed. I got great compliments on the dress and the look. I am pleased with the dress, but may have ordered it another size larger. Especially if you have a large bustline you should go with the larger size.


Very nice dress! Perhaps the color description of "light blue" is not quite accurate since it is more of an aqua/mint color, but the color seems accurately represented on the computer screen for what the dress looks in person, and it also matched the Ever Pretty Grecian Style dress in color "aqua" exactly, as you can see in my photo.  I purchased size 8 based on the size chart provided by Ever Pretty, and this size fit me well-- except for the length of course, since I am short.  My measurements are: bust 36" (when wearing a bra) waist 29" hips 39" and I am 5'2" tall and 130 pounds. In these photos I was wearing a Victoria's Secret Dream Angels bra, size 36C- although depending on the bra style, I sometimes wear a 36B.  To give you an idea of how long the dress is, I am standing bare foot on a 13 inch tall stool in the photos.  This dress has a side zipper because of the unique back style, and therefore must be put on over your head rather than stepping into the dress.  I was considering this for a bridesmaid dress, and also tried the 3 other dresses shown in the photo.  They were 


,


, and 


.  All fit well in size 8 and/or medium, except for the last one (Esovr), which I probably should have ordered a size 6.  I am attaching a photo of all four dresses (this dress is the second one in the photo) so that if you are a similar body size you can have decide for yourself which style you like best.  I will also be reviewing the other three dresses.


A very pretty dress. Nice fabric, feels expensive. However the sizing, even measuring and using their chart, runs small.


The problem lies with the shoulder pieces being cut and sized too small. It pulls the dress oddly up, so the built in bra is actually higher than your breasts. So that bra/ chest measurement you did no longer corresponds to where the dress sits on your body. The higher up the chest, the wider your rib cage. I am normally a size 10. I'm 5'11.5" and 160lbs. I wear a 36B bra. I measured and ordered their 12. It fit everywhere except the top 4" of zipper were too tight because the dress is pulled so high up the body. The built-in bra is nice except again, the shoulder pieces are not sized properly so the dress is pulled higher up your body, and therefore the bra is pulled up higher than the norm.


I haven't decided if I want to try a size 14. This dress was to be for a holiday party.


This dress is beautiful! However, even though it is the same size as others I have ordered it is very narrow across the bodice. I am not large on top, but should have gone up another size.


Nice dress, however, the side zipper at the waist is difficult to close with the dress on. When I take off the dress, the zipper is very smooth. With the dress on, even in the loose areas, the zipper sticks.  Can't put this one on by myself.  But I do love this dress!


I bought this dress to wear to a Mardi Gras ball. I had it taken up in the length. When I put it on the night of the ball, the hidden zipper had a tough time zipping in the thicker part of the material. My husband finally got it to the top after about five minutes of working it up and down. As soon as he got it all the way up, the zipper busted! And I can't return it because I had it altered! The dress fit beautifully and was very flattering but the zipper is terrible! I wasted my money.


