Beautiful dress and made well.  I would size up considerably.  I ordered one size up and couldn't zip this up at all. I feel like it may be bridal sizing and not regular dress sizes.  I had to return mine and get something else due to time constraint.


Beautiful dress, just as pictured. I got the khaki color. Heads up go by the size info link and not the one one on the left as suggested. I got the UK 10 but received a US 10. Customer service was great at letting me exchange for the correct size. Based of the measurement chart I was a US 6. Another heads up the cleavage is much deeper that the pic, all your goodies are on display.


Bought this as a last resort for a wedding and ended up wearing this above all the other dresses. I was extremely pleased and everyone thought I had spent a chunk of money on this dress.


Highly recommended.


The material at the top that the sequince is sewn on looked like a cloth storage bag for a purse for starters... The dress was purchased for my wedding and I ordered it last minute so i didnt have time to return it... I was very upset when on my wedding day the zipper broke.. Yes it got suck on itself and would not budge my grandmother had to sew me in the dress and I was late to my wedding.. Needless to say i wont be passing this down to my children


Beautiful dress. I ordered a size up so that I could alter it to fit me perfectly and it was a little bit snug even a size larger than I normally wear. The back of the dress is tight and the chest is too. Just a heads up order 2 sizes larger and have it altered. It is a beautiful, great quality dress and the price is awesome.


great dress for the price.  I got it as my maid of honor dress at 7 weeks postpartum.


I still have a tummy and the dress fits and doesn't make me look overly pregnant


I'm 5'8" normally about a size 16. It was a little tight in the ribs but zipped up fine, and I'm not quite busty enough to fill it out, so a great choice for you curvier ladies. Otherwise, it's a very pretty dress, color is great, and for the price I'm pleased.


The fit was a bit small.  I could get the zipper up to about 5" from the top and didn't force it.  I sent it back and didn't order the next size up because it would be too big.


i am usually a size 6/8. This dress was way to small. I contacted the company so that they would do an exchange and I still haven't received a call. It is also very see through. I ordered this for a wedding that I am attending (I am actually a bridesmaid). I would not recommend the light pink version to anyone.


It fits strangely on my shoulders in the back. I weigh 130, am 5'2'' and wear 36c. It fit perfectly in the waist and I have a bit of a tummy for my weight. The color wasn't as glorious as I had hoped it would be. The breast area is the most irritating. It seems like it would fit someone with a much larger chest a lot better. On me it looks poofy in the wrong places.


