fit is a little on the small side, watch the size chart and go with a larger size if the measurements are close , however the dress is lovely and well made for the price... the color is beautiful deep green, and the satin cumberbund is folded and lovely flow to the dress,,, not too low cut in the bodice and the back adds interest to the overall gown.. overall very pleased with the product.


Outstanding product and service.


I bought this very last minute for a wedding when the original dress didn't come in. It fit perfectly, many compliments. The price is outstanding for a bridesmaid dress. The side zipper can be tricky but not because of design, I think it's just the nature of side zippers.


As suggested it ran a bit small. I usualy wear a 12 and still got a 12 and felt sculpted and still comfortable. Bust line is a tad high. I didnt wear heels so the tail was long, but i didnt mind. Im 5'7" and with mid size heels the front would have been right on the floor.


Lovely dress. It fits really well.  Just need to cut it to my length. The zipper is extremely difficult to pull up and down.


Looks amazing on my daughter.  She's going to make a beautiful living dead girl for Halloween.


Great buy for that price! I got several compliments on it. The dress is as pretty as it looks but was very loose in the bust area so I had alterations done to it. It has a slight train to it which was a problem for me because I find holding up any part of a dress when walking around to be annoying. The royal blue color was as it appears in the picture, which I was pleased with.


The most beautiful dress EVER. Great quality, way better than I expected. It fits perfect and looks amazing. I was a bridesmaid at my friends wedding and lost count of how many compliments I got. I will definitely save this seller and buy again whenever I need a pretty affordable, expensive looking dress.


I was excepting something different not made for people who are short I'm 5'1 and it's too long, and it is about two inches short from zipping up. I didn't get a chance to return it since I didn't get to open it until it was too late to return it. But I'm sure it would be a great dress for people who are taller than me.


Love it! Excellent quality perfect fit!


