The dress was pretty and very well made but I had to send it back, since I didn't pay attention to the length in the size description. I am 5'10 and it was too short for my taste. I wish I could have kept it!


For anyone between 5'4 - 5'7 it would be perfect


it runs a little small in the top, it seems like decent quality but I wasnt able to wear it to the event that I purchased it for.


This was the first time I ever purchased a dress online so I was kind of iffy about it at first, specially since it was for a very special event. It arrived on time as expected and it fit well. I only had to make very small adjustments to the shoulder area as it sagged a little. Otherwise, it was perfect! Definitely go by the sizing chart! It was actually very cheap but the material and presentation are just as the picture reflects. I was not disappointed at all!


Too long even Im wearing 2” heels need to do repair. Upper part uptight cant  zip it up stock in the middle guess zipper is cheap if I force it may damage. I want to return it not a good value for the money.


This fit pretty well. I am 5 feet tall and weigh about 150. I ordered a 10. I wear a 34B so the chest part was a little big, but I expected that. It was crazy long. I knew it would be long, but I  would have to take a good 12 inches off. I ended up returning it because I liked another dress better. This one is made really well. The fabric is really nice. I wish the sash was a little bit lower thou. All in all I would recommend this dress.


My friend is having a black tie wedding and this is what I found to wear! The sequins look nice. Love that I can wear a regular bra with it! I'm tall, at 5'10 and this is long enough. Luckily I'm not super busty. At a size 16 and a 38C, this fits great in the top. very flattering all around.


I actually had my junior bridesmaids buy this dress to wear in my wedding! Can't beat the price and it's modest enough that they aren't over exposed in something strapless.


This dress is a great dress for the price. Key words: for the price. Don't expect quality fabrics and design. However, if you need something that is pretty, elegant and isn't going to fall apart on you, this dress is great! I thought it was a little bigger than I thought, but just had a baby a month and half ago so my sizing may be off a little bit. The bust area is bigger than I need, but still wearable. Lovely dress and I would recommend it!


This is a beautiful dress- very flattering. In my opinion it runs large. The bust area is huge- I'm a 34 D. I had the top taken in. I also had the zipper fixed because there was too much material around the bust area and the zip sticks. The caps sleeves are gorgeous - the color is deep and beautiful. (Purple)


Highly recommended - well worth the price plus the alteration cost.


So many compliments while wearing this dress.


The dress is beautiful, came as pictured. Size 6 fit me perfectly. I am normally size 6 in dresses. I used this as my Megara (from Hercules) costume and got tons of compliments. Now saving it for a wedding or another formal event.


I ordered this dress with a little worry over how it would fit and if the color would match the picture. I was not disappointed on either account. It is flattering and fits me just right but since it is flowy and has a little stretch, I don't have to worry about feeling uncomfortable if I gain or lose a couple lbs before I have to wear this dress out. I do agree with other reviewers that I would not go braless in this as it is a bit low-cut but the design of the sleeves and back make this not a problem as a bra can easily be worn without showing. I am very pleased with this purchase!


