I had originally ordered this gown (which is quite lovely in person) in a size 10, which is how my other dresses fit. However, being that this is an evening gown, the sizing runs a bit smaller than normal. I contacted Ever Pretty and they were very nice to me, understanding of my mistake when ordering the wrong size, and were more than happy to tell me I could exchange it. So, I sent the smaller one back, got a refund (as Amazon does not do exchanges on this type of an item), and ordered the new one.  It fits perfectly around the ribcage (plenty of breathing/comfort room), but it is a tad on the baggy side in the breast/shoulder area. I will need to have it altered, but I was expecting that so I am not too surprised. The length is perfect: I'm 5'0 and it sits right above the ground as I walk (with heels on), so no worries there (FYI, it is a *tad* tricky to walk with the train in the back if you aren't used to it, so just be careful lest you should step on it or tear it). The detail on the back is stunning! It really does accent the dress very well, and gives just enough sparkle without overdoing it. All in all I am VERY happy with this gown, and recommend it to anyone looking for something that 'covers' yet tastefully shows just a bit of skin.


It's a beautiful dress, color is true to the photograph. Fabric is well cut and soft it looks like A more expensive dress. It makes a nice figure too. However sizes run a little small (I'm a size 4-5 and had to order size 8 which fitted perfect). The zipper in my dress was very cheap it didn't worked (tried even when I wasn't wearing the dress) and kept opening from bottom to top, while the zipper head got stuck at the top. I had to take it out and replaced by a new zipper. Now it works beautifully.


It's a gorgeous dress really fits and compliments the body well especially on my braidemaids, and they really love it, I really love it! Cannot wait for them to wear it at my wedding. Plus it's long (floor length) and it has a little train behind it ☺️( my bridesmaids say they feel like a princess) that's all I want to hear. I'll post picture after my wedding.


Lovely dress, however. This dress was worn at xmas and then retuned. How did i know this? There was a sticker left on the dress with xmas pics on it and the name of lindsey roper on it. It was stained and had snags on it. The lady must have been too large for the dress as the bust had a tear at the middle and the back part of the dress was stretched out. Ive tried on the same dress before and it was gorgeous. Seller just got the dress and didnt even look at it. Shame


This dress is one of the worst purchases I have ever made. I bought this dress to wear to my courthouse wedding. I'm 5'3" and wear a 38C and size 8/10 jeans. I followed the Ever Pretty size chart, not the Amazon size chart. I ordered a size 14, going way up on sizing based on reviews saying the chest was small, just to try and be extra sure the dress would fit me. I was so excited to get the dress but that turned into complete disappointment and anger as soon as it arrived. The sequins looked a bit cheap and there was a good bit of fraying around them, but I figured it wasn't that big of a deal and was somewhat expected based on the price of the dress. I put it on and the molded and padded cups came nowhere near my actual chest and ended up sitting more on my shoulders. The cups were also HUGE. The back of the dress didn't sit flat against my back at all. It was much too big in the waist, but I expected it to be a bit loose since I ordered a larger size than usual. The worst part, however, was that it wouldn't even zip all the way over my ribcage despite being larger than the chart told me to order. This was the most ill-fitting dress I have ever put on my body and has upset me so much because I really wanted it to work as my wedding dress. It's so awful that I don't even know how a seamstress could fix it and anyone who could do it would charge more than I even paid for the dress. So incredibly unhappy. Never ordering this brand ever again.


I am 5 ft 6 and 130 lbs. i wear a 34B. i originally bought a 6. It looked like it would fit by the sizing. I couldn't zip it past the waist. I am going to wear this dress to a wedding. it is very pretty and elegant. I returned it and got an 8. Surprised I couldn't zip it past the waist again. I am going to return it again and try a size 10 and 12. Its a very lovely dress. Like the material. Just note you probably have to buy a lot larger . My rib case doesn't seem to be small by this sizing chart.


My girls got to wear these for 3 occasions.  YEAH!


This dress looks amazing.  I am 5 feet 3 inches and it would have to be hemmed significantly as to not drag on the floor and allow me to walk.  So unless you know how to do that, be prepared to pay for adjustments.  Like other reviews have stated the zipper at the ruffle is very very very stuck.  It took my husband to release me from the dress.  I returned it even though it fit rather well, maybe slightly small, but I was worried that I would rip the fabric and zipper after maybe one or two more times.


Good quality with very reasonable price, same as picture on web. Just pay attention for the size, smaller than usual size, I'm 1.65m (5.4f). 52kg (114lb), normally my size is 4 or even 2 sometimes but I ordered size 6 thanks to previous reviews and it fits me perfectly. Just 1 downside is the zipper is hard to pull around the thick layers fabric


The price for this dress is Amazing. The dress is beautiful. The dress does not feel cheap at all and it looks great. I bought this for my sister who is my bridesmaid. She requested I order 1 size larger than she usually wears because she didn't want the dress hugging her hips (which she thinks are large). The one size larger was a great choice because it flows perfectly over her body. We did have to take it to get altered  because the top was a little too big & when she bent over you could see straight down the dress. But alterations were easy & fairly cheap. Pretty easy fix. I was honestly shocked at how well made and beautiful this dress was. Do to the price, I honestly wasn't expecting anything great & this dress Far exceeded my expectations!


