I brought it for wedding  no regret i love it


I bought this dress for a holiday party in green and it is the same color as pictured (the picture really doesn't do the dress justice).  It is a BEAUTIFUL gown!  I received compliments all night long!  The dress fit wonderfully, I bought a size 14 just to be safe thinking that I could get it taken in if it was too big.  I normally wear a body shaper/ spanks but being that this dress had a lovely flow at the bottom and it has an empire waist, there was no need for an uncomfortable body shaper (which made my night verrrry comfortable lol)  I wear a D cup bra size and this dress gave me plenty of room.  I did have it slightly altered at the top to pull the dress closer to my chest, other then that it was perfect!  The sequence is in silver and it swirls from the shoulders to the top back area of the dress.  It is NOT over done or too sparkly... it's just right.  The sleeves are a "cap sleeve" and it leaves plenty of arm room, I normally don't show my arms but this gives a little bit of coverage without it being totally sleeveless.  This dress looks of VERY HIGH QUALITY, it has a elegant flow at the bottom and a slight "train" length in the back.  This gown is slightly cut low to show cleavage but it is done in a tasteful manner... at least for my taste lol.  I HIGHLY recommend buying this dress, you will love it!


This dress is beautiful! It is even more beautiful in person.  We ordered twice with prime.  My daughter normally wears a size 2-4 in dresses. The size 6 fit her perfectly.  She needed a modest dress for an LDS prom.  She did not want to wear a shrug to cover up spaghetti straps or a strapless dress.  Basically she wanted a dress that was ready to wear.  That was a challenge.  The selection for modest formal dresses is pathetic.  Most are matronly, old fashioned, or just plain ugly.  Ever Pretty offered the best selection and at a reasonable price.  This dress is gorgeous! It covered all of our bases: Modest, youthful, and age-appropriately flirty!  The color was much more vivid in person than it seemed in the picture. The bottom portion is very sheer, so she wore a knee length slip.


Lovely dress, lovely material.


But it's a bit tight around the shoulders/armpit, yet a little bit loose around the bust


I'm 5-2 , I wear a 32-b bra (size small shirt)


And a size 4-6 in pants


I ordered the dress in a size 6


Fits well around the waist and bottom, it's very long but it can be hemmed


I am a huge fan of the Ever Pretty brand. I sized up on the dress; I am 5'2" and weigh 120 pounds - I wear a size 4 but knowing Ever Pretty tends to run small, I ordered an 6. It fit perfectly.  The band under your chest makes your chest look larger and your waist smaller. Perfect  fit, gorgeous dress, great price, good quality, amazing color, and great seller because arrive on time.


I did enjoy ordering this just to try it on. I was excited to try the green for something different. The dress was well-made and it was comfortable. The one thing that I did not like is that the embellishment piece on the back of the shoulders seemed a little wide and floppy.But I think with a little bit of tailoring that it could fit better and would look better. I did ultimately end up returning it but I did try it on and get pictures. If I had  A different event, I may have went with the stress I did like it.


I am a quickly becoming a huge fan of the Ever Pretty brand.  I sized up on the dress; I am 5'4" and weigh 135 pounds - I generally wear a size 4/6 but knowing Ever Pretty tends to run small, I ordered an 8.  It fit perfectly.  I was worried about wearing a (strapless) bra with it - but no problem there.  The band under your chest makes your chest look larger and your waist smaller.


First, let me say that this is a nice dress, considering it was around forty dollars. The fabric doesn't feel cheap, the color is vibrant, and the embellishments on the shoulders and back aren't overdone. All that being said, I had to return it because the sizing and fit are so odd: it was small in some areas, big in others, and not in ways that would be fixed with alterations. If you have the perfect proportions for the dress (short legs, small waist, and a plentiful bosom) you'll probably like it---but no way to know until you actually try it on.


The bust area was huge for this size: you will need a heavily padded bra, implants, or natural-Ds to have a hope of filling this out in front. It also is full coverage and reaches up very high in front, no possible cleavage. In fact, the entire dress above the waist is very long---I had extra material at the shoulders and the back as well. The actual empire waist is pretty wide and that's the part of the dress that was snug. Last problem I had was the length of the dress---so short it barely touched the floor in my bare feet.


This was so worth it! I bought it for a very small wedding ceremony. It was exactly what I wanted. Looked great and the price was right as I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a dress I was going to wear once. We adjusted the shoulders and added a sash and it worked perfectly.


This is such a gorgeous dress. It's super lightweight and very airy, so you won't overheat in it. I just attended a charity gala in this dress. Everyone was wearing designer clothing and I wore this and felt like a princess. I ordered a size up as suggested. It fit perfectly! I would absolutely buy from Ever Pretty again. I'm 5'7 and I ordered a size 8. I usually wear a size 6. It's a very long dress with a bit of a train, so be prepared to have it hemmed or wear VERY high heels if you're shorter than me. :)


