The dress was well made, but fit a little tight in the chest and waist area.  I am 145lbs, 5'8, 36C and I had problems finding the right fit.  Love the design in the back, and it is a beautiful dress.  I bought it originally to wear to my son's wedding, but had to return it because it was a little too tight and I wanted to be comfortable.


It's a beautiful dress, backside design is really very cute. Anyone can look gud on this dress. I'm 119lbs 5'3"-34bust, I have ordered size 6.its tight around my waist, too tight tht me & my husband was unable to get it zipped all the way up(I wore it with out zipped up). Gonna return it. But it's really a beautiful, soft, amazing dress.


After reading the other reviews, I ordered size 6 instead 4 and is still very tight in the chest area. If you are going to buy the dress you should go up at least 2 more sizes! The zip is a cheap one and it's difficult to zip up and down. The dress has a beautiful train but it was made for tall ladies, I'm only 5'3". The good part is that the quality of the fabric is a beautiful one and the dress looks fancy. I decided to keep it because I can replace the cheap zip and make it a little bigger around my rib cage.


Wrote my review on the wrong dress, but this dress is amazing. Ordered it thinking it wouldn't be as nice as I thought.  My maid of honor wore it this past weekend.  Incredible.  We had to order up a size due to being a bit small in the bust.  But if you're not busty I would say this is true to size. Amazing quality, just be easy on the zipper.  Can't be the price.


Ordered 5 dresses for my daughter to choose 1 for a dance. This was her winner. This dress has a wonderful fit and is so very flattering! There is a slight train to it. She is 5'6" and had on 3" heels and it was perfect, about 1" above the floor. The fabric is soft and is very nice silky quality. It is just right in the fullness and has a very good drape to it. This was the one that online she said a definite no to. But I ordered it anyway because of Amazon's no hassle return policy on it and the plethora of great reviews. This was the surefire 10 out of 10 winner. If you have wide shoulders at all, this dress flatters them so well and gives you an excellent shape. The dress was perfect across the bodice and with her (slightly) padded bra on wouldn't have fit. The bodice has a slight padding in itself and didn't need any additional support from a bra. We ordered a size 8 per the size chart. She is 36" chest and 30" waist and it fit perfectly (sans bra). It is gorgeous, has a great drape, silhouette front and back and makes her feel like a million bucks! I was concerned that the sequins would look tacky. But they have a nice shimmer to them and don't look like cheap sequins or anything. VERY nice dress! So glad to see it on sale for $49. The BEST buy. We also got (2) very fancy (rhinestones galore0 dresses and (2) other Ever Pretty dresses to try and this won over them all. ALL of the dresses from Ever Pretty were of fine quality and looked very good. This was just happened to be great!


Great quality beautiful material


The thing is i am small on the bust but big on the hips, so it was big in one part and ok in another part, but i had it fix and it look great


I think sizing is off do to the way it was sawn at zipper area. As fit fine in stomach area. Chest area looked big even if pulled it try get zipper close. Zipper is on side of Dress I'm afraid if get next size up it's going be way to big for me. Since everything for most part fit fine. (I'm thinking issue might be band that's on front not seen quite right. Only needed about 1/2" if that for zipper to close right once got to that area on dress.


Pretty Dress over all but if ware a size 14/16 get an 18 in it have someone do  alterations to it for you!


I wear a 14 got 16 (didn't quite fit right.)


For the price, this dress made sense. The top back piece looked cheap and the material was very thin. If I was skinny and could wear it tight, I might have loved this dress. I'd probably wear an 8 if I wanted to show off my curves, but for now I wear a 10 so I don't have to worry about my postpartum body scaring anyone. Wearing the larger size detracts from the intended flowiness that you see in the picture. It's a bit sheer, so you could see my tattoos and panties. I'll definitely keep it and have it altered when I get fit again, but I definitely can't wear it now.


Although this gown has silver-colored sequence over a wine-colored dress, it doesn't "clash." Everyone thinks it's a beautiful gown, and exactly as depicted here.  I'm very busty but shapely so the satin band in the waist makes it very flattering.  I did have to take it for alterations since it was too long for me (I'm short) and to take it in from the top.  They did a wonderful job, so now it looks like the gown was made for me.  This dress has a train (which I got rid of, because I like dancing and I thought it will be in the way) but you can keep it if it's the right length, it makes the dress look more elegant.


