Runs very small. I'm 5'2",105,34D, normally junior s or  petite xs, but the U.S.size 4 is too tight in the chest and is unflattering in the bust area. Way too long for me too, although that didn't surprise me. Dress is nice otherwise. Red color is bright as pictured here.returned.


I bought it in black. I typically wear a size 10 due to my large bust. After reviewing the provided sizing chart, that is the size I went with. The dress was well made, much better than expected for the price I paid for it. Due to the shape of the dress, I wore it without a bra. It gave me good shape and a reasonable amount of cleavage, but didn't make me look big as so many dresses that I buy to fit my bust seem to do. I'm considering purchasing this dress in different colors for future events. If I hadn't already purchased something else, I might even wear the white version of this dress as a bridal gown.


I am 5'11 and 180 lbs. I run about a 34E. So reading all the reviews I opted to go for a 16. The fit on the waist is a smidge big, but its good because you cant see my bra bulge in my back. The bust is a bit big as well, but Im pretty sure if I went down to a 14 it would be impossible to zip. It looks easy enough to take in. Always better to take in than to not be able to zip!


This dress is stunning. There is no other way to put it. The train is gorgeous and quite eye catching. The top fits nicely for smaller-busted individuals. It'll make you have good posture whatever night you wear it - otherwise the back panel puckers a bit.


Fits true to size IF you read the specific sizing chart above.


I had to have the train taken off (for dancing) and the seamstress was shocked that it was not a $150.00++ dollar dress.


I received this dress today and it fits perfect!  I ordered according to the bust and waist size, not according to the hip size. I am bottom heavy and this dress hides my hip area well. My daughter is getting married in October and I had bought a dress from a local bridal shop that was beautiful, but needed a lot of alterations and cost me over $250.00 for the dress alone. In the past month, I ordered 2 other dresses off of amazon and have since returned them. I ordered this dress in black the other day and received it today. I am 5'2 and I will not need to have any alterations done to it at all! It fits me perfectly. The slight train on the back is just the right length to keep from tripping over it. The picture does not do the dress justice. It is much prettier in person and the price can't be beat. I was worried that the sash may look cheap as it does a little in the picture, but it doesn't look cheap at all. The sequins are just the right amount. The side zipper is a little difficult to maneuver, but is manageable.


This dress said US8, I wear US 8 and it was very small. Wasted money, had to give it away.


Well I had to try it on four times before I figured out the zipped was just stuck at there was more to unzip. After that it fit a little snug below my bra line but above my belly button, but would not be able to so with a a bigger size, then it would have been way to big.


I was nervous about getting a dress online, for so reasonable a price, for my wedding dress.  Luckily, it comes so fast that you don't have to worry!  I used their measurement chart and ordered as directed.  It fit EXACTLY to the chart.  I mean, every inch, as if it was fitted for me.  It's awesome.  The back is beautiful (not cheap looking, even though it's sequins) the train is perfect.  I couldn't expect anything else.  Shows just the right amount on the chest.  Love it.


I bought this dress for my beach wedding....it was amazing! Words cant describe how perfect the fit and color was not to mention the perfect chiffon layered material. It was flowy with just the most slight train. My wedding party wore off white flowy linen dresses....and we all wore soulless beach sandals. Our vows were at sun up....it was magical. The pool blue dress and veil decorated w pool blue crystals w matching tiara made me a princess for my day! Unbelievable gown....couldn't believe what I got for the price.


The dress is well made, it does look like in the pictures. The skirt is too transparent so I will be wearing an slip underneath. The shipment was fast. My only issue was the size: I ordered the size based in the size chart and in my bust size. According with my hips and waist measure, I should have ordered the 12 size but my bust was more like a 14 size, according with the size chart. The dress is bigger than I need so I think my bust might fit in the 12 size. It seems like a easy fix so I will take it with a seamstress.


