I ordered two of these for my daughters for bridesmaid dresses for our New Years Eve Wedding - they fit without any alteration and were absolutely gorgeous. The quality was better than I expected - I seriously couldn't have been happier. LOVED THIS DRESS... I will say - a little low cut - lower than the pictures looked. But gorgeous


Love my dress, it arrived on time I wore it on my sister's wedding, fit really good on me, everybody was complimenting me


I bought this dress for a military ball and I ordered a size 14. The dress fit everywhere perfect except thru the breast area. I had to go and get the front straps taken up and then I stick had to use some double sided tape on it. But the dress was beautiful and so many people commend how pretty it was. It was well worth the price and yes I would order another in a heart beat...!!!!!!!!!!!


I purchased this dress for my mother to attend my 50th birthday party.  She was so lovely in it.  It looked fabulous and everyone gave her so much compliments.


The minute I got my package in the mail I was excited to try it on so I can wear it for the prom but the fitting didn't approve and I was struggling to get the zipper zip all the way.


But still there was no improvement and I'm guessing that maybe I picked the wrong size


The material the dress is made from is thin and cheap and not worth $50. The zipper also sticks and is poorly sewn. I bought it to use as a Halloween costume but I wouldn't want to wear the dress for any other occasion. It's a one time use and one time purchase for me. Definitely overpriced. Worth maybe $20 at most.


This dress is perfect. It's true to size, the color is the same as in the picture. The fabric is soft and the price is  quite low for the quality of the dress received.


Crap. Doesn’t look like the pictures and it’s made for a whale!


Really nice dress. However not the right fit for me. If you wear a D-size bra this dress might be a problem because of the padding.


I wore this dress in my sisters wedding.  I received so many compliments.  Only complaint is the company sizing chart, according to it I am a size 6. around the bust was too small. Had to go get it fixed. Well worth it!!


