This dress is poorly designed.  Unless your boobs are on your collarbones you'll never get it to fit properly.  It's beautiful, but whoever made it has no idea where a woman's boobs go.  There is literally 1 inch of shoulder "strap" before the bodice begins.  Also, the color is way off... put still pretty


The fabric is nice and the train is lovely but the sequins on the shoulders actually look kind of cheap. I mean, I know they're right there in the picture but seeing them in person, it just looked cheap to me. Also, in the chest area it puckers a bit out to the side. Maybe I needed a smaller size. I'm returning it and won't reorder. If sequins don't bother you, the dress DOES look graceful.


My 13 year old loves this dress. The only problem is it fits tight around her torso. She is a perfect size 8 but its tight just under her breasts around her rib cage. It is very classy and tasteful. be warned, it has a train so it drags.


It was a lovely dress, my only complaint is that the zipper is very cheap and seems about to break at any moment, it is a struggle to zip and unzip. I am 5'6" and 175lbs, the size 16 fit very well on me.


Fits just as expected based on their measurement chart! Colors are also true to the pics. I bought this in Vermillion because I wanted a "true red" and wasn't disappointed. I'm 5'4" so the front hem just passes over the ground when I'm in ~2" heels- as others have said, it does have a bit of a train in the back but I didn't mind. Had to take the shoulders up a bit as mine are very short but good fit, otherwise.


If you have small boobs then I suggest you keep looking for a dress. I'm a member of the itty bitty titty committee (B32)myself and the upper part was to big and I felt so awkward in it.


I returned the dress which was a very easy process. That is the best part of the dress.


I got this dress in white. It is somewhat see-through at the legs but that was to be expected and could have been fixed by wearing a slip.


The fit is odd because the material is a bit stiff so it does not hug my body, that was particularly odd in the breast-area where it seemed the dress was in one place and I was in another.


The dress looked like a pretty low quality dress overall, not even worth the money I paid.


It's a beautiful dress nicely and made but it was too small ... I ordered according to the size chart + a size larger and it was not able to zipper ... I am normally a size 12 I ordered a 16... not happy


A beautiful dress that fit perfectly!  I had bought another one that did not fit me very well, but this one was awesome!  I am planning to use it for my wedding dress, so I wanted a dress that was not only modest and flattering, but comfortable since I'm going to be wearing it for several hours--this dress was it.  Love it!


Skirt was completely see thru in white.  The shoulder piece was very large for the rest of the dress, would have to have had it altered.  Not worth it for the quality of the dress.


