I bought this for my father and mother in-laws 50th anniversary. It fits great and looks good. I love the color.


So small it hurts. And I know my size. This should have fit perfect. This dress is horrible. Don’t buy it.


Great product, exactly as described and came on time! My wife liked it, she got it as a bridesmaid dress and fit good except for the chest area but it wasn't the dress' fualt my wife is a bit large in the chest area so it was a tight fit up top but other then that good.


Beautiful.. I ordered the purple. size 10. The fit was to size. I made the sequins pop by adding glass e-beads using clear thread I got at Walmart . I stitched them on the middle/major loop on the front and back.


Beautiful dress but the bust area was way too small. I am on the busty size 38d. so bust line problems are common. I was disappointed as the length was also way to long (5'3") or I would have exchanged for a larger size. The dress itself was beautiful.


I purchased this dress for my mother. It is very flattering and the color is nice and vibrant. This dress looked very elegant on her. only had to alter the length since my mother is 5". So happy with this purchase


I normally wear a 8, so based on the reviews I ordered a 10. It fits nicely. I am having to have it cut and hemmed due to the length (I am 5'3"). The material is nice and the decoration at the top are not overdone. It has a beautiful flow to it. My daughter could not believe I only paid $35 for the dress. She is currently looking at styles and wanting her prom dress through this company. The dress is beautiful and worth it.


I bought this dress for my sister and she loved it. We bought her size being a little skeptical that it won't fit her, since we were buying it online. But the dress ended up being a little big on top, but she does not have a big chest to begin with. With a simple tailor on the chest she looked very nice.


Fit as expected, however, it is very sheer and easily able to see through it. Although there are layers and slips underneath, you are still able to see a large amount of what is happening underneath.


The measurements were way off what they said. But was  absolutely gorgeous!!


