My Daughter was in heaven!  She deals with PDD/NOS Autism Spectrum, OCD & Severe Sensory issues and finding the right clothing is not always easy. But the Ever Pretty Chiffon Dress with a slight Train came by UPS and made the difference in her special day!  It fit her like a glove!  Thank you so much.! "Queen Zoeie" was so graceful and charming and did get curtsy so beautifully wearing her Ever Pretty Gown. Once again, thank you for being a part of my teenager's special Coronation. God's bless you!


I really liked this dress however it was too small. I can usally buy a small and have no issues however with this dress I was unable to zip it past the bottom of my bra. While I could stand to loose some weight I'm not heavy and the dress should have fit.


It has a 'train' and is very nice material.


This did not fit. It pulled up around the breast line. I had it altered twice and then threw it away


Loved it!!


Beautiful dress especially for the price!  I bought this as a bridesmaids dress for a wedding and it works perfectly. I had to get my mom to take in the bust area because it was a little too big, but I am small up top. Bought a size 8 and it fits as expected from the waist down, I'm 5ft 3in and 132 lbs. The bride wanted purple and she thought the dress was beautiful also. Will look at this brand again next year when my husband and I renew our vows


had to wear killer shoes in order to disguise just how short the dress is in the front, but its and elegant look from the back. fit perfect with my baby bump (beats most maternity wear) i would have given it five stars if it wasnt for the front.


While the dress is beautiful, the system tells you to choose your size in US sizing.  The dress arrived in UK sizing, which is QUITE different.  I ended up needing a dress 2 sizes smaller than what I originally ordered because of this.  Overall, dress is nice and believe it or not, is comfortable!  The neckline is a little lower than depicted, so be prepared with appropriate undergarments.


This dress was like a halloween costume.  Cheap. Ugly. Returned.  it is flimsy with no redeeming quality whatsoever.  Do not buy.


I ordered this dress for a very special event. It fit perfectly, and held up through 8 hours in the 100 degree weather. I got so many compliments I could hardly believe it. I strongly recommend this company.


The shoulder part are way to lose and can anybody see the breast part if not taken correctively and of course all the dress I order are fit in the body part but also too long.


