This is a great purchase. A very beautiful dress, well made, with thick material, and true to the expected size. The color is just what it is in the picture. Very elegant, can serve both as an office outfit as well as celebration events. In fact, I have ordered 3 colors, and I am highly satisfied with all 3 purchases. I would recommend this dress to everyone.


Fits perfectly. True to size. Nice stretchy material. Was just a little long..( mid calf) but I had a seamstress hem it up. I'd definitely recommend it. Great for great price. Very comfortable .


I absolutely love this dress! I felt amazing in it and got so many compliments the night I wore it. I ordered a size up because I still have a mommy pouch (mom of 4) so instead of a Medium I got a Large (5'7" 156lbs 34C). The top was a little big because I'm small up top but otherwise it was perfect!


I was not happy with this dress. The color was on point. The pleats in the front open up and become very unflattering. Especially if you don’t have a super flat stomach. I normally wear a large and it was tight enough that I needed to suck it in and wear spanx. It was sooo long as well. Down to my mid shin and I’m 5’4. I don’t recommend it.


Neckline doesn't lay correctly which may be because the dress was very fitted on me around the breast area. I am a 36D bought the large. Dress fit perfectly every where else (waist hips butt). Nice fabric with great stretch. Overall pleased.


I felt fabulous in this dress


. Loved the rouching, the neck line and most of all how comfortable it is. I'm 5"3 and 120 pounds. I  ordered small and  for perfect. When you stand up, you will be pulling it down because it fits smug. It feels like exercises west.


Fabric was very easily snagged. Came with a few "pills" already. Also itchy. The fit is for a long torso. This looked awful on my frame. I'm 5'2" and curvy. It was not a good look. Donated to the local women's shelter. It was not in bad condition and I tend to be sensitive to fabrics. Downrated 2 stars, the dress due to the fit and sizing, and 1 star for itchy fabric.


Love this dress.  Super comfortable and fits perfectly (I read the very helpful reviews)  I got an XL.  I am 5"8' tall and weigh 165.  This dress fits beautifully on my slightly overweight frame and made this 62 year old woman feel in her 20's again!  That is a real feat!  I got the navy and the color is just as described....same as the dress.  I need to take some pictures and post them.  Oh !  and one more handy feature:  you can stuff this dress in a suitcase or overnighter and no way will it look wrinkled or frumpy when you slip it on after a long trip.  Thank you for such a wonderful garment.  Well made and elegant looking.


I received my dress 3 days after ordering it &it got my perfectly. I love the color (peach) not too bright not too light. Great fabric. Love the style. All but that underflap at the boobs but over all a great dress. I'm so in Love I want to walk around in it all day lol


If you have curves go a size up. I ordered An large should have gotten a extra large. I don't like for my clothes to fit skin tight  I always order this brand of dresses and this is the first one that snug fit me. Other than that. I love it


