Warning for buyers: The facing is rolling out of garment due to cutting corners in sewing and omitting an important step.  This is caused by not making an under stitch.  You WILL notice the yoke/facing rolling out of your dress once you put it on.


This dress was pretty close to perfect. I had bought some bright blue shoes with colored stitching and had been on the hunt for a bright yellow dress for months, but nothing looked good. I was so happy I found this, the color and style was perdect!


The only reason I marked off a star was due to the dress being a bit see through. I had to go on a search for a good shaper underneath it, but I was very pleasantly surprised by the shape the dress gave me. I have already ordered another dress by Muxxn.


Dress fits true to size, it's stretchy and very comfortable. I'm a curvy girl so I was able to wear my body shaper underneath without a print showing.


This beautiful dress is classy enough to wear out for the evening. It also could be worn to work in a professional setting. I am 5’4” at 152lbs and curvy. It provides sufficient coverage and compliments my shape. It falls below my knee, which is perfect. The material is crisp looking but has a slight stretch and very comfortable. Fast shipping through Prime. I would highly recommend this dress.


This dress is so comfortable and amazing quality.  I was really skeptical about ordering a dress on amazon but wow!  Exceeded my expectations.  I did have the top taken up a bit because it was a little long in the top, I have no boobs....maybe that is why?  The color is stunning.  I am going to be wearing it for a wedding next Saturday and I’ll post photos then!  So so happy with this dress!


I love the dress, it does fit alittle tight, not bad though, I ordered an XL, it's just alittle tight through the tummy area, I figured it would be to big if I ordered XXL, it's for a wedding in Jamaica. I'm 5'8, and about 165, hope that helps!!


I have this dress in almost every color, when I say it fits like a glove on my 5'9" tall &190 lbs figure. It hits mid-calf, the material is very stretchy and forgiving. Accent with a nice brooch and it will look like it cost a hundred dollars. I have several dresses from this maker and I haven't went wrong yet! I don't recommend machine washing, I would take it to the cleaners to retain the color and shape.


Sadly, this one was a bust for me. The color is not nearly as vibrant as pictured--it's dull and flat and not really pretty at all. The material is cheap and far too clingy, and the dress doesn't fit according to the size chart. I'm usually a size six and the medium is tight enough on me that I wouldn't be able to wear this to work as I'd hoped. Back it goes!


Fits me just right. Because I am so petite, t's hard for me to find clothing that fits correctly without having to modify it in some way. This dress has some stretch and ruching so that anyone with a little bit of tummy can still pull this offf effortlessly. Looks great. Will prob get it in another color.


The dress I received was super thin as well as the seam was sewn lopsided down the dress, so it appeared that the dress was twisted no matter how much I straightened it.  I have a similar dress to this one that was perfect but this dress let me down for my daughter's party. I had to return it for the price. Just to much for the dress to look lopsided - especially since it is a BRIGHT BRIGHT yellow. You also can see how thin the dress is.


