Great fit, great material, very elegant. I'm 5'11 and 140 lbs, a M worked well for me. If you order in white it is see through, will definitely have to wear with a beige undergarment, but what can you expect with a white dress? ;) 5 stars


Love, love, love! This is a head-turner! I wear a size four and I ordered a small and it fit absolutely perfect. I'm ordering it and as many colors as I possibly can.


Great quality!  The fit is definitely curve worthy.  The material is forgiving.  My only complaint is that it rides up a bit...but I'm short (5'4") so that may have something to do with it!


I loved this dress.  It fit perfect.  If I had to complain about something it would be the front.  The inside part would slightly flap over (nothing that a pin couldn't fix).


The dress itself is very nice. The material is not cheap and it's looks to be well made. My only issue is that it's really long. I'm 5'2 and it was down a little bit past my mid calf. I was expecting this to be below the knee. I ordered an XL and it seemed to fit a little baggy. I may just return and get a Large and get it hemmed.


This is a great dress. I used the size guide and this fit perfectly. Being 5’ 9” it can be difficult to find a dress that sits just below the knee and this was perfect. I purchased 3 colors: burgundy, purple and gray. All of the colors were what I expected and beautiful. This dress could take you to work or out on the town with ease. I will seriously consider other colors.


I love this dress, it fits very well and gives you the curves that you are looking for. I have a pooch, but  with the right under garments it worked out well. I wanted to give a review for women that do not have the perfect body shape. It is comfortable as well. I believe I order a large, it has some stretch, but don't fool your self into thinking its an average large. With that being said order realistically.


I love this dress!  The material is of good quality, the blue is a beautiful color, there is a lining in the top of the dress, and it fits like a glove.  I read the sizing chart and ordered the size that the measurements suggested.  It was a size larger than I normally wear, but it fits perfectly.  I'm 5 ft 10 in and the dress comes just below my knees.  It took a little while to get used to the irregular neckline, but that's just the design of the dress.  The tucks in the waistline really your flatter your figure.  I'm going to buy this dress in another color.


Can't believe how long it took me to review when this is one of my favorite pieces.  I'm 5'7" weigh 165lbs and usually wear us size 8-10. i bought my first pair (white) in M, the zipper broke and i had to return it for my newest one in red (Large). fits perfectly with enough room to wiggle.  such class and grace. love it


The color of the dress is great but the sizing is off. I'm 5'2" and weigh 122lbs and purchased a size small to wear to New York to celebrate my 50th birthday. The small fit like an xtra small. The material is thin and the design on the side of the dress is weird.


The length is nice but everything is off about this dress.


