I love the dress but everyone is correct it is see through so you must watch what you wear under it. Yet, I did buy the white one so it wasn’t a surprise. The dress itself fits perfect and is very classy. I would recommend to anyone and fit perfect.


An elegant dress for tall women, for a party or a cruise...it's better to wear it with high heels. I would say this is "Ivanka Trump's style" - stylish and elegant.


I really don’t mind the fact that the material is unforgiving with the shape but the material is very thin and see through so you’ll definitely need to wear a slip or something to conceal the color and shape of your undergarment.


This dress is such a complimenting fit. A true form sitting, yet the draping of the dress is so well done I felt confident with my belly rolls concealed. Love it so much I bought 2 more


Very nice form fitting dress. Material has a nice stretch to it in a semi casual fabric. I am 5'4 160 lbs and the 36dd bust. The large fit perfectly, hitting just below the knee and I  was highly complimented on it all night. Classy and sophisticated while still showing my figure.


This was purchased as a gift for my daughter. She absolutely loves it! She's 6' tall and some clothes are too short, but this dress fits like a glove.


Purchased this dress because it looks so well on my daughter.  Well I purchased one size smaller then her dress because she has attributes that I don't have.  Unfortunately it was too small, I may purchase the next size and just alter where it was large at.  I love the color.


OMG - could this dress be any greater! I look so great in it - my husband fell off his chair! I am a speaker at a red carpet charity event - needed a black dress...looks custom made....and what a price - I am now ordering additional colors! WOW!


I'm a true medium and this was a tad on the larger size. It hit me at my lower calf area which was a bit too long in my opinion. I would have loved it to hit right below the knee instead. The material is thick and feels soft. I'm considering trying a small to see if the length is better.


Fits amazing. I’m a size 12 and got a large. 5’6” 178lbs with a large chest and not much backside. Super comfortable. I can see my tummy roll from that side view but I’ll get spanx. Happy with the material too. Not thick but thick enough and has a good amount of give to it.


