Great dress,needed length taken up. Love it.


I so wanted to love this dress, but it just didn't work for me on account of me being tiny.  At 5'3" and 115lbs it just didn't look right on me - a little too long (and not in a way that can be easily fixed) and too bulky up top.  The folds in the fabric didn't lay right on me.  It did fit nicely around my waist and hips, and the fabric is nice - I love the thickness and the stretch of it.  If it came in a petite small I'd be all over it.


The material is thicker than I thought, but not too thick. Nice and stretchy! Definitely NOT see through. I love the cut and feel of the dress. Very stylish. I'm 5,5 and 169 lbs. I ordered the 2xl. Go by the size chart for the dress. It's accurate.


I bought this dress to wear for my graduation.  I was a little disappointed in the length as it was longer than it appears in pictures.  That was a quick fix, I just got it shortened about an inch and it was great. I'm 5'5" 175lbs and I got an XL.


I absolutely loved my dress. The only thing is that I would have selected a different color. But the fit was perfect, the fabric was great, and I loved the length. Would definitely recommend this to others.


Omg, yessss!!!!


I couldn't have went to a department store and found a nettet fitting. Im 5,1 180lb and ordered a lg and its perfect


Better than expected. They're Chinese sizes so better to size up. I took 2 sizes larger than my original size and fits well. Could take only one size larger to be more tight since the fabric stretches. The material is on thicker side, not as the cheap strechy fabric. Great dress for different occasions. The color is lighter than my pictures but darker than sellers photos.


Wow. This dress is absolutely stunning. I can't believe the quality of this dress with this price tag. I thought it might look cheap, but I was pleasantly surprised... This dress could pass as a designer piece. Perfect for a wedding, for business attire, or a special occasion. I will be buying several more in other colors.


I'm 6'1, 175lbs, 36d, I ordered a large, and it fits perfectly. The length is at the top of the knee. The bust is exactly the right size too.


I love this!!!! It fits snug and it just accentuates all my little curves, I'm petite so yea I love it so much. The color really brings out my skin tone and it fits me perfectly.


This dress is shockingly well fitting/high quality for the price tag. I’m ordering a second one as soon as I can decide on a color. Definitely read reviews, as some colors are not accurate for this style.


The white is cream. It’s beautiful but not my color so I sent it back. The green looks emerald in photos but in fact, is darker green. The grass green color from this brand is actually bright emerald. I am wearing s size small, here, & my measurements are 34.5-23-35.5; this dress doesn’t run small like most garments from Eastern brands.


For me, this is an everyday work dress in the green fabric, which is somewhat crisp. I think some other colors have different fabric, so it can vary.


