Buy this dress!!!! Very good material. Fits magnificently. Looks a lot more expensive than the price. Not kidding. Buy this dress!


This dress is great! It fit perfectly right out of the package. The fabric has a bit of stretch to it so it hugs and gives in all the right places. I bought a small and typically wear a small (size 2) and have a large bust. Get this dress. You’ll look amazing!!


Bought this, but was not sure how it would fit my post partum body and it fit great! I am 5'8" and around 200 pounds and the XL fit like a dream. I wore this on Easter Sunday and it was lovely. Nowadays, everything is short but this is the exception - it is past my knees and stretchy to hug curves. Great dress.


This is a cute dress, but the size chart does not match up. I would suggest ordering one size up. I returned this dress trying to decide if I am going to try again.


Best dress! I tried on 20+ dresses in the store, no luck. I got desperate and thought I’d try this dress because of all the great reviews, it’s awesome! I ordered a medium and large based off the sizing reviews. Both fit, medium was a tiny bit snug so I went with the large. I’ve had twins, I’m 5’6 and weigh 145 - most flattering dress I own!


I really like this dress. I needed something green for a dressy  St. Patrick's Day event. In the green it's a little too reminiscent of a bridesmaid dress, but I'm planning on getting it in other colors. If you are well endowed, however, tack down the inside panel on the right side, because it will bunch up.


This dress was very well made and very flattering. Measured myself and went exactly to guide and dress was a good fit. I actually could have gotten a smaller size. I’m 5’8” and 172 lbs. I ordered and XL due to my large busy size. Will defiantly buy another just size down. The front hid just what I needed and the dress made me look slim. Paired with a red leather jacket and was a hit at company conference. Transitioned easily into cocktails and drinks.


Great quality for the price


Great dress but I do agree that the folds up around the neck don't like to stay down.  I had a hard time trying to make the pleats work right too.  It's still a really cute dress and I love that it has a little give to it.  I'd keep it but I found another that just fit a little better.


This dress fit's amazing - I am 5'5 1/2 and I weigh 129, the small fit perfect. I didn't think it would fit so well because the price is too great, but the material and everything about this dress was lovely.


