This is a beautiful dress that fits a females curves and won't bunch up when walking. I'm 5'8" 175lbs and ordered my regular size (medium), I t fits well. That the material isn't sheer and it's packaged very well. The only thing about the dress that I didn't like is that it has a lining in the front of the dress across the top of the bra area that is useless and will randomly start to come out from under the dress causing the neck line to look distorted. Otherwise, great dress!


This dress is OK. I'm 5'8 170 pounds I bought a size large in white which fit the bottom part of my body nicely...but was kinda loose at the top. The material is very stretchy and see through. I wore nude underwear underneath. I also had to adjust the line in the back of the dress where the split was because it kept twisting..so I would have to pull it straight after walking or sitting. Other than that the dress was comfortable and the ruching in the front camouflaged my stomach fat.


 


   


This dress runs smaller than the norm so you may want to order a size up. I'm giving it 2 stars mainly because it is advertised as white, but is actually off white or more of a cream color. I had to send it back considering that I was attending an "All White" Party not an "All Off White" Party.


I am amazed at the quality of this dress for the price! It is absolutely beautiful. ❤️ I originally ordered a size XL taking in account that it may run small but at 5’3 160 lbs 36 DD I found in my case that it ran big. I sent it back and got a Large and it fit perfect! I could have gone down a size but I probably would have been uncomfortable, especially wearing an undergarment. This dress is perfect for all occasions. Will be purchasing more in different colors. Delivery was extremely fast! (2 days) Thanks For such a wonderful dress.


The dress itself is cute but I ordered it in light blue. I expected something between a sky blue and turquoise. It is teal.


I like. It's very confortable.


Unfortunately this dress did not fit me well. I always read other reviews to gauge sizing as I am fairly petite yet tall (5’5”, 115lbs, 24-25inch waist, 0 jeans, 32C bra, XS-S tops). There were a few reviews that seemed to have similar measurements as me so I took a chance. I bought the size small and it was not flattering. The dress has built in “hips” and looked awkward poking out. Possibly if there was an extra small it would have fit better..


Material wise the dress was nice and made of a thicker material. I would not have worn a slip with this. If I was bigger or the dress smaller I’m sure it would have been a great addition to my wardrobe but unfortunately just did not work for me.


bust 40-42 waist 35 hips 40-42 (maybe 5'5") considered as a rectangle body shape.


wearing a sports bra in this picture. but if you were to wear a regular bra or strapless you're good to go. once I wear heels I think I can touch the ceiling lol. it made me feel taller. the length is long but it doesn't make me feel shorter. this will be great for a date/wedding/formal gathering. the material feels a bit thick but in a good way. think of it as it won't show the shape of your bully button and side fat from the waist will flatten with the shape of the dress.


I love this dress it is very flattering on. I'm 5'4", 120 lbs, 34DD, 36 / 26 / 37 measurements with a very athletic build. Based on other reviews I first ordered the small and holy cow, WAY too tight for work! I really like the cut, color and style so I returned the small and ordered the medium. It fits very well and is so much more appropriate for professional business attire and events. While the small fit it left absolutely no wiggle room and was just way to figure hugging on my booty and abdomen ;) The material is super stretchy and is thick enough I don't need to wear a slip or body shaping garments underneath it. It does ride up a bit but a lot of dresses that fit tighter to the body do and it doesn't bother me. I'm very happy with my purchase!


I truly loved this dress.  I went up a size from what I normally wear, and it fit like a glove! It's very stretchy material, and has a wonderful rouching at the waist.  It hits below the knee, which offered quite the classy look. I do wish there was a way to fix the small gapping issue at the right shoulder, but it wasn't too bad.  Overall, for $30, it was a great dress and made me feel super sexy and classy!


