Wore this to my niece wedding, perfect fit. Love, love it


I LOVE this dress. I bought it in grey for work but honestly it's too tight/sexy for the office because I'm a bit curvy (I work in events). I considered sizing up but was concerned it would be too loose so I decided to keep it to wear out for cocktails.


To give you and idea (because this always helps me find clothes on amazon) I'm 5'7"ish, 36C, natural waist is 28 inches, hips 37.5inches and the medium is very very well fitted.


The dress isn't the best quality fabric but it's definitely worth the price. So it's definitely a step down from something you'd find at Nordstroms or Express but DEFINITELY a step up from something you'd find at Forever21.


I was SO happy with this dress!  I had ordered five dresses before it, but needed the perfect "corporate appropriate" dress for my work Christmas party. It arrived two hours before my party and I was PRAYING it was THE ONE!! And it was!!! I read all the reviews and yes, it runs a tad bit small. I'm a 7-8 and I ordered a medium. There just enough stretch to have it fit all your curves. The only problem I had was the lining at the top in front. It kept riding up. If I had time, I would have pressed it better. But even with that, it looked like it was meant to be. I DEFINITELY recommend this dress! Very classy, well made, quality material.


I really love this dress and it looks as good on me as can be expected. I recently had a baby and my tummy is still flabby. I really like the cut at the top and the rouching to one side. It does help give a slimming effect. The color is rich looking. The material is soft and stretchy. It's very forgiving when you're wearing it although it also doesn't help hold anything in so you might want to use shape wear if you're curvy. The length is great and below the knee. I'm 5'8", 200#, 38C, 34 waist, 45 hips and I ordered a Large. I love this dress enough that I just ordered it in 3 more colors. I think the lighter colors will be much less forgiving with lumps and bumps though.


The zipper works smoothly. The slit in the back is nice and not too high. There is one piece of fabric right at the top where the chest area is that is weird. It doesn't stay down flat and so the very top looks bumpy. I'll upload pictures later. I also don't like that it has to be hand washed and hung to dry because that's too much work but I'll deal with it.


*Update I got the yellow which is beautiful but it is see through. You can see my white bra lines in the photo. It's not totally see through but it's if someone looks at you at the right angle they're going to see skin for sure. I really love this dress so I'm going to make it work but beware that the white, peach and yellow are very revealing. Still, it feels amazing on and looks awesome. I have this dress in 4 colors now.


This dress fit perfect! Wore it to my company holiday party and I got a lot of love for wearing it! LOL! The piece of material at the top does come up a little, but fixable if youre not too heavy up top!


Different colors equal different fabrics. I actually ordered this dress probably a year ago and absolutely loved it. However, I was scared at the red would probably bleed like crazy. I wasn't impressed at all about the quality of the fabric but I was by the quality of the shape and the design. I decided to give it an  another chance after reading another review were saying that different colors use different fabrics. Ordered it this time in green. Same phenomenal fantastic shapeand drape, but made from a much more superior quality fabric. I will not worry that this fabric will bleed green when I finally wash it. I love it.  For reference, I am 5 foot two and normally wear an extra small or sometimes a small. I will say that I was expecting a hunter green and this seems a little more Christmas-y green than hunter. Still love it!


This is a beautiful dress, they actually sent me the wrong one initially (it had ruffles) but this one is more of a classic design. I really like it except for the fact that it's too big on top.  I got a small and I'm 5'5 and 110 lbs, it's snug on the bottom but not in a bad way and makes sense because I'm a slight pear shape.  You can't really see it in the pics but the top gapes out and it's just too big.  If it were tighter I'd keep the dress. the dress is a dark blue but in certain lighting it's a brighter blue.  This dress does a great job of holding you in without making you feel like you're a sardine!  The quality of the dress material is great and I did not notice and loose strings on it.  The zipper works great and there is a slit in the back so you can easily walk in it.  There is a slight gathering of the material in the front of the dress which is very flattering and makes the dress have a bit of movement to it. Overall really nice dress and a good price. I would highly recommend to anyone who thinks they can fill out the top portion.


Really cute dress! Great for business meetings where you want to crush your romantic rivals without being too obvious. I imagine this would be the kind of dress I'd wear if I had to work in an office in the big city or my snooty in-laws wanted us to "dress nice" for Christmas. The shape is very flattering if you are not exactly as skinny as you used to be but haven't totally given up yet, and burgundy is a great color for my skin tone. I am 5'8" and 160lbs, got a size large.


Very happy with this dress! The material is thick and good quality. I wore it at my daughters wedding and got a lot of compliments. I went off the reviews for sizing. I am size 12 5'6". I ordered the XL.


Beautiful dress. fits perfectly! I weight 188 pounds and have a heaight of 5'3''. Size Large  and fitted perfectly. I didnt feel like it was loose or too tight. Made me look slimmer. If you want something classy and confortable. This is the dress for you. 100% recommended.


