I really wanted to like this dress but if you're a plus size woman expecting the 3x to fit like other 3x size clothes, forget it. As soon as I took it out of the package I could see that this dress was not meant to be worn by a plus size woman. When I got a look at the packaging it came (it had Chinese writing on it) I knew I made a mistake and this dress wasn't going to fit. Chinese plus sizes are different than US so I'm returning the dress.


One of the classiest fits ever.  Wearing this dress made me feel like I was back in the days of Marilyn Monroe.  This dress is something she would have totally worn.  The fit is perfect, I am 5'3 and the length was just below my knees.  The material is soft and form fitting and it feels wonderful on.  It allows a girl breathing room.


Omg, fit to a T.  So flattering.  I bought a medium, not sure whether to buy small or large, but following their size chart opted for a medium.  Absolutely stunning.  Bought one in Gray too after trying it on.  Might have gotten away with a small, but it is form fitting.  I’m 5’9 and 121 pounds.  Materials much better than I thought.


I like the style of the dress, but it was too small. I ordered 1 size larger after reading other reviews. You will need 2 sizes larger than what you normally wear, because this dress runs REALLY small. The material is not very thin (at least on the green dress), but the dress is also NOT lined. You will probably also need to wear a strapless bra. The neckline is asymmetric and hard to hide a regular bra strap. I may reorder....the jury is still out.


The reviews were spot on size-wise (go up a size if you're in doubt), however the fabric on the navy color is not sheer like some of the other reviews described. The material is much nicer than I expected. I think I need to tailor the top a bit, as it balloons out just a tad


It's almost a perfect fit on me, which is very hard to find! I wear size 5 pants & size 10 tops.My ONLY criticism is the right shoulder is a tiny bit big, but I am the only one who will notice.


I'm usually a medium but took the advice of the other reviewers and ordered a large.. I'm 5'4" and 156 lbs and it fits PERFECT!! hides my flaws and hugs my curves..


I really do like this dress, and the fabric is amazing; stretchy enough to be comfortable, but still hold "stuff" in.  Unfortunately, the thicker strap had too much fabric and kept puffing up on my shoulder.  It wouldn't lie flat because it was too long from front to back.  The color was gorgeous though- just like the picture, and it very well could fit perfectly on someone else!


I’m 5’7” and normally wear a size 12. I ordered an XL and it fits just about how I wanted it to. I didn’t want it to be so tight that it would smooth out the ruching and it’s not. However, it still confirms to every curve of my body. Whatever size you are you will need to be very confident in showing your shape in order to wear this dress.


The material is thick enough that it’s not see-through. I ordered Grass Green but it’s actually an Emerald color irl. I think I like the emerald better. :) As pretty as it is I’m not sure I have the confidence I need to feel comfortable in it. Still deciding if I will keep or return.


Loved the dress. My hips are pretty wide but it fit like a glove literally! I'm about 45" in the hips but I got a lot of compliments on the dress and the fit.The material is solid not flimsy and the zipper is sewn in well.


