Fit as expected and looked exactly as pictured; however, the fabric is extremely rough and makes noise when you move. This is by far the cheapest fabric I have come across on a dress - it's absolutely horrendous. I would highly recommend this dress to my enemy.


This dress was perfect for my holiday party! I am 5'3" and 143 lbs. I ordered a size large. It was just below my knees. Spandex like fabric. I possibly could have gone with a medium, but my guess is it would have been been tight and probably not as comfortable.  Great dress, great price!


This dress was very flattering.  Fit as expected.  The top portion sometimes sticks out awkwardly, but I am large chested, so I do stretch that area out a bit.  Very stretchy and comfortable material.  The slit in the back is kind of high in my opinion.  If I were to bend over, it may show too much.


I love my dress. It came in just 3 days. It was nicely folded in the package. The dress was a little too big. I didn’t realized the material was stretchy. I ordered a size large but it fits. I might have it altered to be shorter because I’m so short. But I love this dress. In my picture I bunched the dressed some in my mid-section so the dress doesn’t look too long for me.


Nice dress however it's to fitted. I am 5 ft 8 and 190 lbs however the XL was too fitted.  Will be returning.


Bit smaller than guidelines suggested; usually wear a 14 and XL was too snug so I had to order an XXL. Purple color was a rich shade, not too bright or jarring. Neckline is unique; hemline goes to the knees (I'm 5'7"). Considering the quality, look, and price, it is a great value; looks much more expensive than it was.


So I was somewhat hesitant on ordering this dress. I thought it would be a case of looks great in the photos but not on me. But I love love love it! In fact I will be ordering another in a different color. I could definitely wear this dress to many different occasions- work, Church, wedding, night out etc.  I love how it fits. It definitely hides my little tummy. It’s a bit longer than I expected but with some heels I’m sure it’ll be perfect. The material is a stretchy so it’s quite comfortable. I wear a US size 14 and the xl fit perfect. Order this dress, you won’t be disappointed


Pros-good dark red color that pops without being too bright. The fabric is a nice thickness and stretch.


Cons-  top a bit large in proportion to the rest of the dress. Also kinda long. I’m 5’7”, 120 pounds, and the small went to the top of my knees.


Received item super quick.  However sadly it ran a bit too big.  I'm about 5ft 8in typically wear a 10 sometimes 12 and this dress was still to large. It's also not the best quality.  Not the best, but not the worst either.  Unfortunately, I'll have to return it.


I needed a dress for a last minute event and I am so glad I took a chance on this one!  The material is comfortable and extremely forgiving.  The dress is form-fitting and hugs your curves in all the right places!  I received many compliments and will be ordering another color.  I ordered the Large and I am 5'4 180 pounds. I did wear Spanx under the dress.


