I love the design. I love the fabric. I love the color. I love the fit! I love it!!


The fabric is thick. It requires dry cleaning or hand washing, which is fine with me. The design is very fitted and really accentuates your curves. I highly recommend using shapewear! I have not had problems with the facing of that asymmetrical neckline as I have read on other reviews, but I will be prepared and use some iron-on fusing to keep it in place.


5ft 3inch 130 pound.. ordered medium ...fit was perfect and good quality but way too long and dint like the wrinkled style. Would fit nicely if you are tall.


I love this dress. I got it in blue, Its a beautiful shade. Im 5'9-5'10 fit midi length. Ths only rhing for me was that the back slit was to high and i was wearing shor/spanx and i felt like you can see them when i walked. I pinned it so it wouldn't open so much. Otherwise great! I had ordered and returned the peach one too. It was see through you'll need a slip.


Nice colour but you'll need curves if you want to pull off this dress. The front stomach and waist area has a gathered waist design, it puffs up. You'll need curves to fill them. It was a unflattering fit on me so I didn't keep it.


This dress is FABULOUS!  I ordered a size large, and for comparison, I'm 38D/3040  5 foot 7 inches tall.  The material is sturdy but stretchy.  My husband just said WOW when he saw me in it.  I ordered the purple, it is a gorgeous color.  I'll be ordering in other colors.  This is my new favorite dress!!


Loved the bright yellow color and the fit, I'm thick so the stretchy material helps. The material is a decent thickness but the yellow still makes it a little see through, so I just wore something underneath. Got a lot of compliments wearing this dress.


Fits GREAT, comfortable, light but not thin, fitted yet stretches.


Pretty cocktail dress with nice thick stretch fabric. Has pleats at the front. I bought size XXL. My size in US dresses is usually 12-14


My measurements are 36DD waist 34.5" Hips 40" I am 5'9" tall. Great value for such a pretty dress!


SO many compliments! This dress was perfect for my bridal shower! SO cute, sexy and classy. Very flattering.


This dress is fantastic! I love the cut and the material is thick and has good stretch but not too much. It doesn't feel cheap- i was kind of expecting it to. and the length hits me just at the bottom of my knee. I'm 5'8" and 165# hourglass with a little more in the hips/butt/thigh department. I got both a medium and a large. they both fit but I am keeping the medium. it hugs a little tighter in the waist, where the large has just a little puckering in the fabric right above my butt in the small of my back. It doesn't seem to ride up when sitting/walking and the only complaint I have is that there is a flap of fabric at the neckline that wants to flip out of the dress and show itself. I think a single stitch will hold it in though. All in all a great dress and a great price.


On a side note, i ordered two navy dresses and both of them are a different shade of navy. doesn't bother me at all but just to be aware, the color may vary slightly from what is pictured. the purple one i ordered is spot on with the pictures, but the two navy ones- one is very dark almost black and the other is a truer navy and definitely blue.


