Figure flattering.


I love the fit of this dress but the right sleeve fits a little to snug.


Horrible fabric quality and very baggy. Not flattering at all, unfortunately. I returned immediately.


I really like the yellow color of the dress. It's long (I'm 5'8" and it falls just below my knees), the slit is somewhat higher than expected, and overall the material is very stretchy and form fitting. However, whatever is going on in the chest/shoulders needs work. There's like a flap that folds under and it's visible through the fabric. Also, the shoulders are loose for me and don't stay in the right place.


It's a little bigger than I expected and the fabric is super stretchy. Size down for this one. I was upset that it showed up smelling like Dolce, which means it's been worn and not washed.


I love this dress!  I bought it to wear to a wedding. I chose the dark green and the color is rich and the fabric was thick and very stretchy.  The ruching accentuates my curves (in a good way).  The dress came to just below my knees, which was perfect for me.  I can't wait to wear it.


The dress is well made.  However, it did not fit me well.  I'm 5'1", 115 pounds.  I ordered a SMALL.  The ruching seemed to make my tummy look larger than it is.  I returned it.


This dress was extremely long on me. I'm 5'4.


Upon pulling it out of the box I could see the fabric was a very cheap and uncomfortable material. I was immediately disappointed.


 Not only that but it was completely see through below the waist. I received a lot of commentary about the visibility of my underwear in this dress.


Ordered XL it fits like a size 12


I purchased the dress in black and wore it to a wedding reception.  I received many complements and I, myself, love it.  I felt classy and very pretty.


The very first day I wore this dress I look down and on the side it had come loose at the seams. I had to immediately go and change it. I was so disappointed. Will not buy from this vendor again.


