Loved this dress! I gave it four stars because of the flap like the over views were talking about, in addition to it being see-through but nude undergarments fixed that problem. The material is nice and stretch but holds everything together. Perfect for my bridal shower event. Def will order again!


I ordered the dress in green through my  husbands prime account. I'm 5 ft 8 in, 125lbs and size small was okay with some room for "growth" - BUT it was too wide in the shoulders, resulting in the thinner side slipping off. That probably wouldn't happen,  if it weren't for the V-cut in the back. Returned it.


I'm really happy with this purchase! The fabric is a little stretchy & really flattering. I'm 5'8" 160 lbs, 34C & 31" hips. I purchased the Medium, worried it'd be too tight in the hips but it fits perfectly. I have a couple bad pictures, but they get the point across.


This dress is okay. The collar does not stay where it's supposed to be and under the collar there is a piece of fabric folded down that should have been sewn to the bust, but it isn't, and because of that, the under fabric comes up every now and then when you least expect it. The dress itself is made with a weird fabric, kind of between swishy workout pants from the 90s and a thick poly blend. It makes a noise when you run your hands over it. The dress does not stay in place once it's on.. it rides up as you move around and causes a strange buildup of fabric in the torso. It is way longer on me than it was advertised. I used the size chart and checked with other reviewers before I purchased the size I have.. and it just doesn't work at all.


I don't know. Maybe it was meant to be bought and then tailored, but this dress, as promising as it was, is just not that great.


Very cute and comfortable dress. Surprisingly well made for the price. I got several compliments on it at work. I do wish I hadn't sized up, though. I'm just shy of 5'4" and normally wear a size 14 dress and a 38DD. I purchased an XXL, but it's a tad longer and a bit looser than I would have liked, especially in the arms and shoulders (though wearing with a blazer helped with that).


Runs a little small. I am 5'6" 151 pounds curvy figure. The dress itself is very flattering. But as I mentioned run a little small I normally wear a solid 8 or M in most things I ordered the L based on other reviews and it fits perfect.


I suggest turning it inside out to iron for sure.


I really wanted to love this dress, but I tried it on, and it was insanely tight under the armpits.  I'm 5'6", 130 lbs, and ordered a small based on other reviewer's feedback.  Other than the armpits, the small was a bit of a squeeze in the belly.  I'd recommend a medium for a woman of similar dimensions with very skinny arms.


The fabric, though -- despite being a cotton blend, felt like plastic. I'm returning this.  Perhaps you'll have better luck with yours.


I bought this dress for my upcoming wedding shower and it fits like a glove. I ordered a L which is my normal size. I'm 5'9 178 lbs roughly.


This dress fits like a glove. I love the fabric and the asymmetrical neckline. It doesn't lay as flat around the neckline as the picture, but still totally worth the money. I would buy it again.


BEST dress ever! I was nervous to buy it online before trying it on but after reading several good reviews, I took a chance! It is very well made. The fabric has some stretch and is good quality! I bought a small. I am 5'11" and I weigh 138 lbs! It fits me perfectly!


