The purple is a beautiful color!  Liked that it landed just a bit below my knee.  (I'm 5'9). I will usually wear a large just to have it be safely loose. I ordered both sizes and didn't find much difference between the Large and the Medium.  It doesn't say what the fabric content is but it does not feel breathable to me, which I don't like as it will make me sweat.  Even in the Large it is too sexy for me to wear in a business setting or wear to church.  Also, the neckline does not lay flat.  For these reasons, it is going back.  That said it would be a great inexpensive dress for some other occasions.


Love the fit of this dress! 132lbs, 5'3, Curvy... Ordered a medium. Sat below the knee at the top of my calves. Thick fabric. Nowhere near see through. Not impressed with the fabric coming out of the package, but for the price, not complaining. It didn't irritate my skin when I tried it on, so I'm good... And it looks nice enough, I don't think anyone will notice.


I'm so glad I found this!  It fit like a glove and hugged me in all the right places without seeming too provocative (I am 5'6" and 115 lbs and ordered the size small).  It has a beautiful, classic look.  Had to steam a few set-in wrinkles out  after it arrived, but otherwise I had no issues.  I wore this to a winter wedding and got plenty of compliments.  It feels a little restrictive at first, but I was able to dance a lot at the wedding without the skirt riding up too much or becoming a problem.  I'm definitely looking forward to the chance to wear this again!


Great quality dress-respectable length & flattering cut. The stomach area has simple stitching that accentuates the hour glass figure.


Poorly constructed dress. Look closely in the photo and you will see the odd line across my chest from fabric that should have lined the whole dress. The neck line is also not crisp. I tried ironing it without luck.


I was comfortable all night in it. I got lots of complements on the dress but over all it seemed cheap.


This dress is well made for the price you are paying.  I did return mines because it fit too tight and I did not feel comfortable in it but I would highly recommend to someone who is not bothered by that.  I got the gray and it is a deep gray and one reviewer said if you have larger breast there is a piece that will stick out and she is absolutely correct it does not flatten at the front of the dress.  Not being mean at all but if you have lumps and can be honest about it then this is not the dress for you but if you have a rockin shape or don't mind wearing shape wear then GO FOR IT.  Enjoy for all that purchase.


I bought peach.No funny smell,  arrived on time,  and true to size and pictured color. Very forgiving of my mommy lumps,  stretchy yet form, appropriate length for any event,  and perfect price.  I'm 5'4 170lbs usually wear a 12 dress and I bought the L.


Made really well, great material. I bought an xl,  fits well, alil loose on the sides but fit well in the chest area. I normally wear size 12 jeans, 38ddd  bra, 5' 4. Definitely would order again.


The dress looked very good and fit very snug.  It does have a little stretch to it.  I'm only 5' tall with a short torso.  So the dress is a bit too long.  I will need to hem it up about 5" to get just above my knees.  The color red is more like a maroon red.  So if you are looking for a brighter red this is not it.


This dress is really nice. It would look a lot better in heels but to be honest I don't like wearing heels at work.


