Seriously, super cute. Material is stretchy and the folding details are really flattering.


I read reviews in order to figure out what size to get.  I wanted something fitted but not skin tight, I ended up getting a L.  I’m 5,7” fluctuate between 136-140lbs and have a 34DD cup.


Generally wear 8/10. ordered a Large and too tight.  Not a bad looking dress.  I little thin and not quite the fabric that appears on pic but for the price, not too bad.  I am sending back either way.


I am 5'7, 145, and a 34C. Based on suggestions of busty ladies I ordered an L. The body part would fit an M, however, rather tightly. The stretchy material feels great on, the cut/design in the tummy area is "forgiving".  Ordered the red and black, both L; however, the black runs slightly smaller. Can't wait to wear! Will order gray when in stock.


Absolutely love the fit and length I'm 5'9 and size 12 the dress stops right above my knees. This style vintage sexy yet classy. BTW NO SPANX underneath excuse the bloat...


Make sure to use the sizing chart  I looked spectacular


I'm 5'8", 127 lbs, and I don't like my clothes too tight so I ordered a large. This pic is right out of the bag, so it's still creased but it is so comfortable. And the back slit will let you walk freely. It's really well made.


Nice fabric and cut, but again not a dress meant for real women of that size.  There's a line between flattering and simply too small and/or trying too hard.  Since I purchased this for a work party, I think I would definitely being sending a very wrong message.  Returned the product and purchased a different dress in a larger size.


The only reason I didn’t give it 5 stars is due to the rubbing against the armpit area- one side more than the other. Then again, that is one of my problem areas and maybe if I had thinner/toner arms it wouldn’t


Aside from that, the dress is made of nice material. I wore it all day to work and then to an evening event and received lots of compliments and it just right right!


I will be purchasing other colors.


This dress was so comfortable and breathable and color was stunning yellow, I received so many complements. Now I order a 16 but I wear a 14size because of hips n booty and I LOVE IT!


