This dress has spandex in it so it fits nice. It hugs your curves and actually makes me look a bit smaller in size since I have a long torso. Can't wait to wear it


Love it. Color a little more dull in green


The quality of the fabric, the lines, the color, the way it fits my body..... there is absolutely nothing to dislike about this dress ( I ordered the navy blue).


I'm 5'3 and 120 lbs, and I can't be happier. Arrived on time , Nov. 1. I couldn't wait to get home today and I'm ordering more from this MUXXN and this seller.


One extremely customer here and I look GORGEOUS!!!!!


Not for anyone with a bust. The crafting around the neckline is awkward to say the least and didn't sit properly at all.


Nice cutting, very fitted, material is very cheap and for the style, the cheapness of the material is very apparent. Not worth the buy


The dress is really good for the money you pay. I am a little broad shouldered so I find it too restricting there (wear size medium) but otherwise I got a lot of compliments and I like how stretchy it is


This dress fits perfect. I get many compliments at work because of the fit and the color. I would 100% buy again.


OMG!!  I love, love, this dress!!  I've been looking for pencil dresses like forever and I'm extremely grateful that this company called MUXXN produced the exact outfits that I've been craving for.  Thank You, Thank You!!  I have a short torso, lean hips and very looong legs, therefore I wear pencil skirts a lot because I couldn't find any pencil dresses.  I always have to have my outfits altered to fit perfect.  After viewing the options on Amazon I decided to give it a try and ordered 2 dresses. To my surprise, the dresses arrived within 2 days, looking exactly as pictured and both dresses fit perfect!!!  No alterations required, the size chart is exactly as stated.  I'm so pleased with MUXXN that I ordered 2 more exact dresses in different colors.  I now have 4 dresses same gorgeous style, different colors.  I would love to purchase more hopefully MUXXN come out with burgundy, navy blue, charcoal gray, white..... Thank You MUXXN!!!


Bought this for a good friend of mine on a whim.  She lost a lot of weight and I thought it would look great on her.  Fit like a glove and she looked gorgeous in it.  She is about 5'7" and around 155.  I chose the large.


This dress was a total disappointment. It doesn't look anything like the picture. It's total false advertising. I know I didn't get the same dress from the picture. I'm planning on returning it.


