This dress fits as expected and is very flattering. The only caveat that comes with them is the hemline is super long. I’m 5’7” and ordered a medium and it was way too long. It went past my knees and down my calf. I work in a conservative office but not that conservative!


Worth the price to get it and tailor it though. I’d highly recommend it!


Loved the dress - material was much nicer than expected and very stretchy.  Flattering dress but I had to return it because the rouching didn't look right when the dress was on.  Really didn't want to return the dress because it was so flattering on me.  Maybe a different material would have worked better - one without so much stretch.


Perfect! The asymmetrical neck and gathered folds at the waist gave the illusion of a curved figure, but  I am actually a solid rectangular shape! Loads of compliments. Love love love this dress!


I bought this to wear for my birthday and it is soooo comfy. I am 6 months now and everyone said I looked great.


The white is definitely see thru. Order based on your measurements if you decide to get it & cut out the flap across the chest area. If you know how to sew add a piece of material underneath for lining. I wont order this again tho. Not a good fit for me.


Dress is very nice and flattering. Also comfortable. I did see someone else's review about the neckline having an inside flap that she had to keep adjusting. I had that problem as well. But I'm sure with a good tailor they would be able to stitch it, without creating a seem on the outside of the dress. Other than that, no complaints.


Fits amazing! I’m 5’6 170 pounds and I ordered a large. It’s the perfect length right below my knees and it’s not to to snug on the stomach which I absolutely love! The material is great , doesn’t look cheap and stretchy :) . Overall happy with my purchase and will def. consider buying in more colors.


A beautiful dress. Unfortunately, it didn’t fit right. The shoulders area was “standing” at least half an inch off my shoulders. Also, for the height of 5.4 size S was too long and too large


Bought a small for my wife who is 5'5 135/140. She loves it!


AWESOME  dress.  Nice fit, has 5% spandex / cotton & rayon blend.  PERFECT blend of material.  VERY form fitting.  With black stilettos & some pearls, WOW!!!  I bought 2xl, normally wear a 14/16/L/XL  depending.


