I got so many compliments. I will definitely be ordering other colors.


I looked amazing in this dress


I ordered this in a small hoping it would fit but pretty sure it wouldn't, and unfortunately it didn't. I'm about 5'3" and very thin; this dress is designed for someone either much taller, or more curvy so that the material hugs the right places. While it didn't look bad, it was much too long, coming to about mid calf and didn't quite hang right because my torso is shorter. In the short amount of time I had it on I noticed the top portion that everyone else has referred to (which can probably be fixed with a couple of small stitches or some double sided clothing tape). The material is thick but quite stretchy and is a beautiful, bright yellow color like a highlighter. It is slightly see-through though so nude undergarments are a must.  So sad this won't work for me.


This dress material and quality is very nice. It is very flattering to the figure, as long as you wear a body shaper underneath because it will show lumps and bumps lol.  I usually wear a size 14 in dresses, and ordered a XL due to the reviews, and I am glad I did because it really hugs your curves, and fits snug.  The reasons I would not give it 5 stars is because the shoulder fits a little awkward on the smaller side, and a piece of fabric on the inside of chest part would not stay down.  Also, I kept having to pull the dress down a lot.  I am 5'6, and it hit just below my knees, but I would rather it had stopped at the knee, so I think If I was 5'7 to 5'8 would have.  Overall, I did love the dress, and would order again in a different color.


I brought a medium size in white for my daughter who wears a size 8 for an all white dress banquet. She loved it!. This dress is very slimming and flattering yet told it's very comfortable wearing. It looks more expensive on than what it cost. Only negative is a lining of fabric at the neckline that tended to work or come out instead of staying flat---needs to be stitched to stay in place. However, would still highly recommend.


I needed a simple LBD or cocktail dress to wear to an event with my husband, something that was classy with just a little bit of sexy. This dress fit the bill perfectly. After reading the reviews I went back and forth for quite a while over which size to buy. I am 5'9 and about 148 pounds. I normally wear a Medium in women's sizing and in the end decided to stick with a Medium. When I opened the package I wondered how I would ever get into the dress as it looked so narrow, but with the stretch material, it was not a problem and actually hugged me well in all the right places. I would say if you want the dress not to hug so tightly and to be a little looser, go with the next size up. Otherwise, for a body-con type of dress, it fits true to size. The material of the dress seems also to be of good quality, better than I expected. All in all, I'm really pleased with this purchase.


This was exactly what I wanted.. it fit perfectly... Its very flattering, with the roughing, it made me feel about 10 pounds lighter!!!! Always an unexpected plus...  It can be worn anywhere... depending on how you accessorize, which what more could I want in a little black dress!!! The length is perfect, and the cap sleeve, gives it such a great, defined look...  It is now my favorite little black dress, which I will definitely be getting much use out of!!! I love love love this dress!!!! 5 stars!!!!!


This is THE most figure flattering dress I've ever owned. Fit like a glove. I am a curvy size 4 and the small was perfect. I got the peach color and it is a bit see thru, but I wore a Spanx body suit for a seamless fit. The dress is a little cheaply made, and My only complaint is that there is a flap on the neck seam that kept sliding up.


Everything was as expected the color was off but I still loved it


The color and fabric on the dress is great! However I am 5’4 And the dress is very long on me. It falls 5 inches below my knee. I can’t imagine this length being appropriate for anyone that would fit in this size dress. I would like to keep the dress, however I would need to get it altered. It will cost me $16 to have the dress hemmed to the  appropriate length. Would you be willing to credit me $16 for this inconvenience? I can take a photo of the Alteration bill. If so, I would gladly give the dress five stars.


