I ordered these dresses for my bridesmaids. The fit is fantastic however the colors are so different but they were all listed as the same color... now I'm stuck trying to figure out what the heck I'm going to do. I wanted the dark grey and I read in the reviews the gray was dark. However the other two dresses came in extremely light and different shades


I love this dress my husband couldn't stop looking at me. I was the look of the party. Also fit perfect to my figure.


love love the color, stretchy material, so hugs your body right. I'm a size 14-16 ordered 2X and fit very well. Wore Spanx under!


I really do like this dress. The fabric is very forgiving...as such you can probably order your true size.  It's really stretchy and great if you have little children or to work in...i.e. Very comfortable to move/bend/squat in...


And as bright as the yellow is... it is not overwhelming...  I looked and felt GREAT.


HOWEVER the fabric is a bit thin. I haven't worn a "slip" in over 20 years but I had to wear one with this dress.  And the ruching is unremarkable.  I was a bit disappointed with that....


At the risk of sounding like a snob... it is a $30 dress.  If that is not a big issue for you, take it for what it is. You can wear it a couple of times and look absolutely stunning.


If you have a more volatile financial situation then I would suggest holding off and spending a little extra money for a "nicer" dress...one that is likely to have little more longevity.


I love this dress! but..... i dont know why is kind of tie on the underarm part, kinf of the holes ( where your arms goes) is too small.


I got the 2XL in Yellow, i would love to buy more in different colors but this little problem is stopping me. The rest is so perfect, percft fit, perfect strech, love the material love the lenght. Thank you!


I've never rated a product before, but I got so many compliments on this dress, I just had to this time! Needed an inexpensive dress for a white party. I have to admit I was skeptical because of the great price, but this dress was super comfy with a thick, stretchy material that hugs your body perfectly, with very flattering ruching. Definitely wore nude Spankx underneath, though, since it isn't lined. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it came wrinkled, and it's not easy to iron. Wish I had a steamer for this one...otherwise it was beautiful, and a great affordable find!


Nice dress and decent material. The top of the dress seems to flip up as your movement throughout the day affects that piece. Kind of annoying, but otherwise, pretty good dress.


I ordered a XXL. I'm a size 16. I'm happy that the company is now offering size XXL, since the XL I used to order from them were tight fitting and showed my tummy too much. The dress is stretchy and the fabric is thick and the XXL was slightly too loose around the knee area, and not fitted enough around the tummy area. Too much fabric. It's not very flattering on me. It might fit someone with a little bit more roundness in that area. I plan on fixing that using my sewing machine. I ordered the XL is yellow and although it fitted me, it was just a tad too snug. So basically , as a 16, I fall in between size XL and XXL, if that makes sense. Good dress though. Colors are  exactly as displayed. I'm keeping both. I recommend


I purchased this dress in the dark green to wear to my sons High School Graduation. I absolutely love the color, the fit, everything but the way the lining around the neckline comes up out of the dress. (Hence the 4 stars instead of 5). I'm 5'3" (without heels) 145lbs. and I ordered this in large. I normally wear a size 7-8. Be sure to order based on the companies size chart listed. I'm curvy, I have a big bust, small waist, curvy hips and a bootie. The dress does fit to your body, but has plenty of give in the material. Which I also fell in love with. It was a little big in the mid section, but still looked great. If you have smaller breast or not overly endowed in that area, a medium would probably work fine, since by breasts are always the determining factor of what fits, or doesn't, I decided to go with the large. Hope this helps as I struggled trying to figure out what size I needed. Overall... I loved it, and felt pretty good about myself being 43 years old at my youngest child's Graduation.


I love this dress looks sleek. I am 5'5 120 pounds 36C chest with a size small.  It is a bit larger then I thought, wish it hugged me a little more.  Also, the straps are a bit to long and will need to have them taken up before my vegas trip next month. Overall very cute.


