great color but runs very small.


I am 5'11" and normally wear a size 4 or 6.  This dress was a size large and fit very snugly.  Nice fit and cut.  Material was ok in quality.  Definitely not silky nice, but not too cheap feeling either.  I bought it for a more formal party and don't think the material is nice enough for that.


This dress is AMAZING!!! It’s extremely flattering and really holds you in while being super comfortable. I wore it to a wedding and got sooo many compliments!


I love the way the dress fits. I is a stretchy material and hugs well. Very flattering! The only issue I have is that it hugs the armpit a little too much. Otherwise a beautiful dress.


Well, I underestimated my size, and I ordered too small.  This is a very well made dress, but I needed to lose weight to get into it.  Make sure you check the sizing to make sure it fits.  Other than that, the dress is gorgeous.


From reading through a lot of the reviews, I got my size right on the money! I’m 5’6” weight around 140 and got a Medium. The body of the dress fits perfectly, with the little added fabric around the belly I’ll have tacked in alterations. With that said, the only other issue I have is that the straps are a little long and need to altered a bit to fit properly. Overall, the fabric is nice, it fits great and once those little things are done... it will be perfect!


I bought this dress for my graduation and absolutely loved it from the moment I put it on. It's very form fitting and can definitely show off your curves. Great buy and recommendation..


Love this dress! It fits perfectly. I am 5'7" and about 130lbs and got a small. It is very form fitting, falls just below the knee and looks great. I was hoping the dark green was more teal (kind of looked teal to me when viewing it online) but it is a true dark, forest green. Fabric has a nice sheen to it. Really fantastic dress for the price.


I ordered the royal blue!  Color was great!


 Dress fit great everywhere except around the underarm. It cut a bit tight and was a little uncomfortable. Otherwise I loved the dress!  Wore it last night to a formal wedding. Received lots of compliments!!!! Will order more in different colors.  Quality was surprisingly excellent considering low price.


I love this dress. I wasn't sure what size to get. I normally wear a 14/16 US and I ordered the 2xl. Material is very stretchy. Alot of give in the stomach and hip area.


