I really enjoy this dress. It’s besutifully shaped and has a great deep green color. I wore it to a wedding as a guest and got many compliments. It is form-fitting so be aware that it will hug your hips and stomach area! The lines give the illusion of slimming but if you turn to the side you can definitely still see your tummy. The back slit does not reach too high. It hits at about half-calf. The neckline is really cool- very flattering and lays the way it should.


Howeer wonderful I find this dress, the material is frustrating. It says dry clean only- which everyone should heed, because after washing on the delicate cycle in a garment bag it came out very wrinkled and I have not been able to remedy the issue since!


Do not like the fabric. It's a hard polyspandex type material, and the side creases don't hold their position. Very curvy woman just know it will hit every curve


This dress was okay. It's just not my personal style. I really liked the color, but just wasn't a big fan of the style. I would have liked it more if it was slightly above knee-length. I bought it as a potential for a wedding guest dress. I think it was just a little too formal for the semi-formal weddings I'll be going to. The fit was as expected. (I'm 5'4", 137 lbs, bust 37", chest 33", waist 31.5", hips 36", shoulders 44").


This was made for women with curves, I tell you. Fits like a glove, accentuates every curve and makes you look even more womanly. I'm 5.9, 169 lbs and I ordered this in Large/blue, its falls right below my knees, hugs all my curves and hides all my imperfections. Its beautiful, one little tiny minor thing that I can fix by my seamstress, is that little flap to the front that everyone has been complaining about in their reviews. It is true, it keeps popping out, but its minor, I will have that fixed. Other than that I love it. Well made, great quality, it looks super expensive and elegant. My 8 year old told me " mommy you look rich!" lol


This is a great dress for the price.  It came in a timely manner.  Material is great for the office and all year around weather.  The way its cut if accentuates your shape.  The quality is not top notch but I would recommend for a quick find when needing a professional dress for a wedding or funeral or interview. I got the black but I would purchase other colors as well.  The louder colors look less expensive in my opinion.  I believe you can see the quality of workmanship on these fabric colors.  I have washed this dress and it did not shrink.  I would recommend this dress and this seller.  Its great!!


I love this dress! Wore it to a friends wedding and received tons of compliments, people wanting to know where I got it.  The fit is great, stretchy but not too tight.  The material is slightly thick, so its not see through and for me i didn't need to wear a slip under it.  Very pleased with this purchase!


This purple dress is hot! I love how it's form fitting and sexy. Hugs your body in all the right places but it will not hide my belly and also it hangs way past my knees. Will have to take it up just at the knees.  I really love this dress. Wish I had a party to wear it to. I ordered a Medium. I'm 5ft, 135 pnds, 30 waist. Hope this helps others who are short like me.


I wish I could give this dress more than 5 stars! I bought this dress for my rehearsal dinner and everyone complimented me on it. I will definitely wear it again in the future. I love the asymmetrical design of the neckline and of the bodice. The sunburst design with pleats is subtle but lovely. I love how this dress fits and accentuates my curves. I got the XL and it fits perfectly! I'm 5'4" ~165lbs usually a US 12. Small tip--you need to iron the dress before wearing it; I recommend pulling it out of the washer damp and ironing it then--dries as you iron, and keeps its shape.


The dress is gorgeous and looks gorgeous on too.  The material is thick and stretchy, an excellent combination.  I love the ruching down the sides and the neckline looked great.  The dress did not ride up when walking despite being figure hugging, a huge plus!  I wore it to a wedding from 2pm until 11pm and was very comfortable the entire time, including eating dinner.  The only issue is that because it's tight, I needed spanx with no seams because the seams would show.


Well I love the "style " of the dress. I have a Calvin Klein ($$$$) in black with the same style. With that said this is not CK . It fits very tight . and the darts - ruching will not lay nice. I even took it to my cleaners and had it professionally pressed for the event .  I am 145lbs . 5"6" and I ordered a L . I am a little busty . I ended up not wearing it . I might wear it with a blazer or over sweater. But by itself it just wouldn't cooperate, even with a slip under it . It scooched up into the ruching at the waist making me look like I was wearing a couple little hula hoops around my waist. lol .


