I love this dress it fits perfectly and looks great. The one armhole was a bit tight buy otherwise I really like it.


It is a beautiful dress. I am a size 5/6 and ordered a medium. I wish it was a bit smaller. Sleeves sit high off of shoulders. Rouching around waiste puckers oddly and isn't very flattering. Hopefully a smaller size will eliminate these problems. Color is gorgeous. Neckline and length are wonderful.


I'm 5'2" 106lbs and the small had just a little room when I first tried it on. I shrunk it in my dryer and now it fits perfectly. It's not tight and the silhouette is beautiful. The material is also nice, it is very opaque and thick enough to conceal underwear seams.


I rarely ever leave reviews but I was really impressed with this dress for the price!  The material is stretchy so I’d recommend hand washing to avoid the elastic breaking but the emerald green color was awesome and it fits like a glove.  I ordered a large- I’m 5’5 140lbs 34DD usually wear an 8 in pants.


I went by all the reviews and the pictures that were posted.....I got it the day it said it was to arrive, got home, tried it on and am VERY PLEASED!!! Fits just as the reviews said, material is quality and it's comfortable!!! I bought the black one also......cause a girl can't have enough "lil black dresses" !!!! 5 thumbs up


Classy dress. I purchased the navy and gray to have options for a wedding. I'm 5'11", 205 pds and I ordered the XL. I love them both and will probably order more. I'll post pics after the wedding.


I generally wear between size 2 - 5 and a size small in shirts.  This dress in size small fit me to a tee with the exception of the top part, which I'm rather flat in, and would need to wear some padding for this to look great.  I was pleasantly surprised that the fabric was not really thin like I expected.  It's the kind of fabric you sometimes see stretchy dress pants or a thin suit jacket made out of.  It does really cling to you and show your figure, so those bulges will show as will panty lines.  Clearly, I will need some lipo or toning exercises before I wear it out, LOL.  It's very form fitting.


This dress looks amazing on. It's a little long on me because I'm only 5' tall, but I might have it hemmed. I'm wearing it to my son's graduation in June.


Love this...and i am picky dress shopper, one point of advice, iron once you receive the dress. makes it look alot more sharp and less sloppy


I ended up returning but this dress is EXTREMELY well made.  Super cute and flattering.  The other reviews here are not lying.  5'6" 135 - slim/athletic and i got the medium.  I could have went with the small but the medium fill very well as i am curvy.


