The dress is well made.  Quality material used.. stretchy but firm.  It holds you in every well. Its a little long for me, but that's an easy fix.  Im 5-2" abt 138lbs.  The color is vibrant and I cant wait to order another dress.


This dress is pretty and classy. It was intended to serve two purposes - initially, a cocktail dress and then something that can be used for work. I couldn't decide between yellow and red, so I bought both. Both were well made. I wore nude undergarments when I tried them on, so I didn't notice anything that made me think the material was too thin. I was nervous about which size to order, because some reviews said to purchase their true size and some people said to order up. I read through the reviews to compare what people of similar heights/weights/sizes bought and I took measurements for the the chart provided in the pictures. According to the chart, the XL should have fit perfectly. It was much too big in the stomach area and in the shoulders. Even though the material is stretchy, there was too much extra in the stomach to even adjust/conceal. I couldn't get the dress to adjust properly to make the shoulder straps fit better. I really think that because the material is stretchy I could have gotten away with a L. For reference, I am 5'9" 165 lbs and recently bought a size 8 dress. I am sending both dresses back but am considering reordering the smaller size at a later date. I really think that if you order the correct size you'll love it.


I'm a size 4 normally I'm 5'4 and 121-125lbs. My measurements are 35, 26.5, 36. I have had two kids and have a bit of a baby ponch and saggy tatas but this dress hides everything and makes me feel so wonderful it fits all the right curves and is tight but very stretchy. I ordered the small and it is prefect and will be ordering more colors for sure!


LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this dress!!! After reading the reviews and size chart, I decided on the XXL. I'm 5' 7" and 200 lbs. (43" bust, 34" waist, 44" hips) and this fits like a glove. The material is nice and stretchy, yet firm. I ended up taking the hem line up 2" so it hit right below my kneecaps and used some fusible web to secure the pleating so they would lay flat. I can't wait to wear it to the wedding I got it for this September.  And for $30 you cant beat it.


Beautiful dress that looks similar to my Black Halo dress I paid over $300 for! I am very pleased with this purchase and all of my other purchases from this seller. The dress quality is good. The only improvement I would suggest is a better quality zipper, however for the price of this dress, I can get the zipper replaced at my local seamstress for around $5.00. It is definitely worth the price.


Love the dress, the color is absolutely gorgeous. It hugs the curves in all the right places. I could have it given it a 5 but the top part is a bit large so I might have to taken the shoulders so the top doesn't droop. I'm pear-shaped and a little smaller at the top. I'm 5"3, 130 lbs and ordered a Medium.


I absolutely love this dress. The fit was perfect and the pleated front makes for a perfect slim look. The only reason why I did not give it a 5 star was because the small flap on the top (inside the dress) kept peeking out. I am sure no one else noticed it but I could and I was too aware of it. It did not mess with the look so I still do not regret purchasing this dress!


Let me start by saying I love this dress. I am 5'1" ,130lbs, curvy hits and bottom, small bust.  I ordered a medium based on the size chart and reviews and it was too big!! Definitely too long for short girls, came past my knees but not quite mid-shin. I just ordered a small in the hopes it will be a better fit.


That said, it's a great dress. I got the dark green one and it's a beautiful color. It's very soft stretchy material so if you wear it with stockings or silky spandex tummy tuck shorts it will probably ride up (just my opinion from past experience). I think the small will fit better due to the stretch and length. The medium would work but it's just not as tight as I wanted it. I will try and post pics and an update when I get the small!!


I love this dress. I started by getting my wife  the black one, but added two more colors that look so good on her. The variety in color makes it seem as if they are entirely different styles. It is versatile, and can be accessorized nicely with very little. Sometimes less is more. The pleats break up the close form fit cleverly; it shows of a woman’s curves without looking as if she’s wearing a thin veil with static cling. I love these dresses; however my sweetheart looks good in anything.


I ordered 4 MUXON dresses and this is the one that didn't make the cut. I got a medium and it was much too big (bigger than the medium I tried in another style). Even if it were the right fit, I just don't think this one was as stunning as the others which did surprise me since red is usually so sexy. I'm still giving it 4 stars because there is nothing wrong with the dress itself. I just prefer the other styles I ordered and a more vintage feel that this dress didn't give. I'm 5'7" 120lbs 32B/C and the medium was too big for me...didn't hug me anywhere.


