Ladies, all the reviews add spot on!  Such a great dress for ANY body type. I bought the navy color and I LOVE it! Here's how the dress was packaged (inside the Amazon bag) in a nice, see-thru ziplocked bag, very clearly identifiable. I bought the M and L. Of course I tried on the M first - Score! It fit  extremely well! I'm 5'2 and 3/4 and I weigh 155lbs. I'll update pics once I wear it! Ps, the flap in the front on the inside was trying to come up too. Also, the dress hit an inch or 2 below my knees - expected,  I'm short!


I can’t believe I bought a dress that actually fit ON THE INTERNET! I read the good reviews and went for it. I loved the dress. I would just recommended some spanx or something to smooth your rear out. You could see my paper thin lace underwear lines and ANY imperfections from the rear if in natural light. I’m 5’4” and 120lb. I ordered a small. I’m not super curvy so you could def fit a little more into a small before you upsize. Just remember the spanx!;)


I ordered 2 sizes up. Glad I did! Don't like my clothes hugging too tight. Fabric is thicker than I expected. Plan to wear it to a retirement dinner. Fits about middle of my knee. Would have liked it to drop below the knee. I am 5'7, 165 lbs. I normally wear a medium. I ordered an XL. A very nice dress!


This dress is great! I love the way it fits and the way it feels. One of the issues I have with it is one that I read in a lot of other reviews- the extra fabric at the neckline. There is also a flap on the shoulder. The fabric doesn't lend itself to being tack sewn down so I'm going to try some fabric tape to try to keep it down. Hopefully it doesn't cause any puckering. Only other complaint is that it's hand wash or dry clean only.


Lovely dress, Brings out curves. I am 5 5", 145lbs, 36,29,42'. Got a medium and love the fit.


This outfit comes from China.  It's apparent that they size for smaller Asian people and not US sizing.  Also you can see your bra around the armholes and the cutout at top requires the use of a one strap bra or strapless bra.  Loved the idea and the length.  Wish it was larger.  Sending it back.


I read the various reviews on this dress and decided to order it as I was in a rush for a dress for a formal event. I was totally surprised of the quality and fit of the dress! It was perfect! The only issue was the neckline. There is a small piece of fabric that kept popping up but nothing a stitch couldn't fix. Other than that, it is an absolutely great dress and looks great!


I wore this dress out the day it came in the mail for my anniversary and it fit fantastic! It was stretchy and very comfortable. I am 5'5" 140 lbs and ordered a medium. I'm planning to buy in more colors. Definetly recommend!


This was actually a great dress. It felt well made and the material was not the stretchy spandex stuff. It was good quality material with quality tailoring. However, it just didn't look right on me.  I'm 5'2" and the dress went to mid calf. I know I could have it hemmed, but when I went for the fitting taking it up so ran into the bunching making it look weird. If you're taller than me, this is going to look great on you. People who normally wear petite size clothing may want to rethink this dress. It really is a lovely dress and I wish I could have pulled it off. The asymmetrical detail at the neck line is another plus to this dress. The dress fit in the bust, waist and hips well (I'm 5'2", 150 pounds, 36D). The bunching even made my waist look slimmer. I'm really sad I have to return it.


I purchased this dress to wear to my wedding rehearsal dinner. It looked nicer than I expected, but it was maybe a little too big on me - I ordered a size up, because it was a form fitting dress, and i was between two sizes. The white fabric is pretty see-through, so I needed a smoothing slip under it to provided coverage and smooth lines. It's not very easy to iron, unfortunately - my mom managed to get many of the big wrinkles out by using a towel in between the iron and the dress (the iron got sticky with the fabric just on its own).


Overall, I feel like I looked nice in it, and that it was worth the price, especially given that it is so affordable and arrived very quickly.


