Dress was a huge hit for a Yellow Tie Gala. Fit perfectly.


I actually haven't wore it yet but I tried it on and it fit ok.  Not too happy about the fabric. I probably should have read more about the fabric. I think the price is a little too high.  The cost should be between $19.99 and $24.99.  Oh well.  I would not recommend it to anyone.


This is a great dress. There is a pleat across the breast, which is a weird place to put a pleat. I am still happy with the dress, as I have a suit jacket that pairs well with this dress. The material is nice. Overall I am satisfied with the purchase.


A little disappointed in this item. I didn't even notice till I wore it. There was a hash on the right thigh.


Pretty comfortable, fits as expected..... I'm 5'8, not that tall for a girl and the dress did not go below my knees :/ the fabric was easily wrinkles as well. I bought it in black so it wasn't a big deal but it would be in other colors.


Didn't look any thing like picture . Will not order any more clothes from here.


Form fitting dress but gorgeous on.  Wore to a spring wedding. Good material with a little bit of give.  Would still be lovely a size up if you don't want it to cling.  Comfortable and I got several compliments.


5'7.5" 135lbs bought a size medium. Fits great and looks nice. Dress is a.shade darker than then the red appears on the website. But still beautiful. Dress falls to below my knees. Pretty decent thickness to dress. It's stretchy material too.


I never love how I look in clothes. I LOVE this dress. Every part fit me perfectly and didn't look baggy or stretched and pulled. I bought that black in a large and liked it so much that I'm getting it in gray as well.


I really liked this dress when I saw it online, however, by the time I went to buy it, it was out of stock in my size. I ordered the size smaller in hopes that it might fit. It didn't. :(  I did not get time to return it until much later and then the window for returning was closed. So I'm stuck with a dress that is too small. It now haunts me in my closet :)


That being said, the dress is exactly like the picture. I cannot say for the color however, because different screens show colors differently. It defiantly is yellow though! The material feels like good quality and like it will last a while.


I have a full figure and usually wear a size 14 dress. For this dress, I got XL which was to close fitting for me. I'm 5 foot 5.5 inches tall and the dress comes about 2 to 3 inches below my knee. I have another dress from MUXXN in XXL which I purchased the same time as this dress and it is very comfortable and fits wonderfully.


I'll definitely buy from MUXXN again. :) (and I'll get this dress in my size when I can!)


