I absolutely love this dress!  The material stretches but holds firmly and is quite comfortable.  I am 5'9, 185 lbs and ordered a large (I thought I would be returning it because I am so picky and was willing to risk it being too small).  It was perfect!  A little tight under the arm pits but I have broad shoulders and fatty in that area.  The flap on the chest that other reviewers mentioned does have a tendency to come out and not stay in place.  I meant to buy some double sided tape to attempt a fix but forgot.  The dress fit so well that I can overlook the flap issue and fix it later.  The length was perfect, hitting an inch or so below my knees.  I did have a spandex undergarment on when I wore the dress to a wedding (to help smooth out my lumpy thighs) but wished I hadn't went with the dress style undergarment due to it riding up my rear all night and causing the dress to rid up too.  I will go without it the next time and be much more comfortable.  I'm ordering another color and am looking for more dresses by Muxxn because I love it so much.


I wore this to a wedding and got so many compliments. It looked as I expected it to look, was made well, and fit perfectly. You can't do much better for the price. Sorry the pictures don't do it justice.


Was very skeptical about the size. I got a small and I'm glad I did. The yellow is really bright and beautiful! This dress is worth buying!


The dress is gorgeous.  I love the feel and how flattering the cut is.  The length is nice for a tall woman (5'9"). Comes below the knee.  As the other reviewers have mentioned, the angled cut on the bust is a little awkward but manageable.  I normally wear a 12-14, ordered the XL which fits perfectly. Fyi... split in back comes a little high.


Absolutely love the fit and feel of this dress and it fits perfectly, however I gave it 4 stars because there is some extra fabric around the neckline that is not tacked down and so you have to play with it to go inside the dress and not stick out funny--also had to sew the slit as it comes up way too high. Overall a beautiful dress that just needed a little adjustment.


I'm 5'1"/112lb and ordered the Small, which is my usual dress size. The first time I ordered this, I got the wrong item - a totally different dress in the same color. The return was no problem and I got the right dress the second time around. Unfortunately it was way too long on the bottom and the shoulder strap rode up. I also couldn't get the front pleats to lay properly. It's a nice dress, but don't order it if you're short.


Great material. Excellent quality. I did wear a shaper with it to hide my belly. I bought a large and fit snug but I may have eaten too much this summer.  I'm 6ft 170lbs. My boyfriend said it was my sexiest dress. Great dress for tall girls


What a beautiful dress! wore it to a wedding and got tons of compliments - true emerald green dress, nice stretchy material made it comfortable to wear for a few hours. I'm 5'4, 125lbs and I got a size 4 and it fit perfectly, love it!!


I was sooo pleasantly surprised with this dress! Great quality, soft and comfortable and looks great! Just as described. I'm tall (5'10") so it's hard to find a dress that isn't too short. I got the medium. Now I can return the way more expensive dress I got at a different store...this one is cuter and you can't beat $30!


