Gorgeous color!  Fit like a glove,  I work at a yacht club and the compliments I received from very wealthy patrons were overwhelming.  Will be purchasing in many other colors.  ONE DOWN side to this dress, the fold-over hem at your chest repeatedly pushes out.  I think I'll purchase some hem tape to secure it.  Other than that - perfect.  I am 5'3 , 135 lbs 38c -- I ordered size XL


You definitely want to go up a size if you want it to not fit like a tight glove.. it depends on what look you're looking for.  I'm not upset I purchased the dress, however I was very uncomfortable wearing it to church even with a shawl


I did not try it on. The color on website looks different than in person. I was hoping for a more lighter green, but it looked like a true green. Material felt like a curtain.


Beautiful!  I always get compliments. I actually bought this same dress in Peach before and had to get another color. Great stretch fabric helps hold you in a little.


I am 5’7” and 133 lbs. and have proportional measurements- nothing unusually large. I ordered a size Large and it is quite snug. Would be nicer if the dress were more ‘forgiving’. It appears if I gained an ounce it would show! Fabric, style and burgundy color are as expected based on description.


Lovely dress of good quality that fits true to size. I'm a 10/12 and I ordered an XL according to the size chart. I've ordered this brand before and they carry nice items.


The dress is wonderful material & high quality. I just didn't know what size to order. I'm 5'4" 125# & ordered a small, the fit was tight. It is probably supposed to fit that snug but that's a little to much for me. Otherwise a gorgeous dress!


The cut of the top of the dress makes it fit too large. Get one size smaller so it lays appropriately on the top half. The dress has stretchy fabric and designed to be form fitting. This dress hugs all the right places! Can be dressed up with the right jewelry.


I bought this dress for a formal event. It is GORGEOUS!!!!  The color is beautiful and it fits spectacularly. I have very wide shoulders and this dress helped to minimize the appearance of my shoulders while also making my bust look more full. I ended up wearing it with a shaper (although I don't have one on in the picture).  I purchased a large because I am 5'10" and 185lbs. I can't wait to buy this dress in black to keep in the back of my closet for when you need to look smokin' hot.


I love this dress.  I love the fit, the feel and the look. I have it in two different colors. Plan to order others colors.  This could be my stable dress in many colors


