Great dress. I bought the yellow and the purple. Although the two are made from different fabric, they both fit the same and the fabric quality is great. I've already recommended them to so many people.


Fits great! Normally wear a size 8 and ordered the large.


Got compliments on it the first time I wore it out ..


I'm 5'4 & about 131pds.  I got a small / size 6 ...


It fits like a glove


Very nice. Very fitted. I'm 5"4' 125lbs and it fit me to a tee. Material is snug and stretchy. Pretty color also. Bought 2 more in different colors!


This dress is absolutely beautiful I bought the large blue one. I want you to know that I am 5'7 I m 185 pounds and I usually wear a size 12. I'm giving it four stars because this dress the right side of my armpit was tighter than the left side, but then again I am wear a 38 dd. And I think that's why  I think it was a little bit tight under my armpit in any case it's a beautiful dress I'm posting a picture. The material is really good it's nice and firm because it's made out of the spandex materials but then again it doesn't seem cheap.


Ok this dress gave me life...the material was quality and the fir was great...the reason for the 4 star rating is because they have a piece of material along the sop of the dress and if you have boobs it doesnt stay tucked inside of the dress...if that was not there this would have been a five star for real.


Got a million compliments on it.  It wen below my knees which is a plus for me.


I included photos so you can see the piece of material that would not stay down...


Fit perfectly and looked amazing!


Got this dress for some Christmas family portraits...great buy!


I ordered a XL by the reviews I read but I should have stuck with my normally size a large. The XL still fits like a glove; very flattering on my figure. The color was just like the picture and the fabric is soft and stretchy. I weigh 195 and is 5"6 inches. I all breast and butt so I have to be careful choosing clothing with no stretch. The dress fits below my knees which what I wanted because I bought this dress for an  wedding I will attend in July. I like this dress so much I just ordered the black one in a large. I will definitively recommend MUXXN I can't wait to wear this dress. Thank you so much MUXXN you just obtained another customer.


Loved this gorgeous dress. Fit true to size. I'm 5'5, 130 pounds with a baby pooch after 3 kids. I ordered the yellow color and it is see through! Like you can see every dimple, cellulite and stretch mark lol. Make sure to wear a nude shape wear underneath.


This dress is all the way perfect! Just tried it on, now I need somewhere to go! Purple is gorgeous and I want other colors.  This dress is elegant and still sexy! Hugs all the curves and makes you feel like a real woman should feel! I am 5'8, 190 and bought a Large.


