This dress looks amazing! I am returning it for a smaller size. I ordered a large because my hips are 40". around my shoulders and waist the dress was too big. the material is very stretch though so im hoping one size down fits better


I want to love this dress since all the reviews and pictures i saw raved about it. Going to return for a medium and hope it fits me better. It’s very thick stretchy material so if you’re in between sizes I’d recommend ordering a size down.


Wore this to a Broadway Play in NYC, Got lots of complements.  My Hubby loves this on me and the color is beautiful.  The Material is kinda warm so if you are wearing it in 90 degree weather you are going to be sweaty


I ordered the dress in charge first was slightly too tight! I then ordered the 3x,it seems to fit the same as 3x need to lose about 5 pounds to make it fit.dress is really nice though and worth it.


Lovely material, and the color is gorgeous; just as pictures.  the fabric is a bit thin, so I might wear it with spanx since I just had a baby, but otherwise it is exactly as expected, and I look forward to wearing it to a wedding this weekend!


This was a nice dress.  The green color was not for me. It is a very nice green/grass color.  Fits like a glove in all the right places. fell just below the knee.  i am 5.7, 130 small bust and i ordered a medium


If you follow the size chart,  the dress will fit like a Gove.  Very comfortable. Top hem is acting funny,  but for the price I can't complain.  Only downfall is not being able to machine wash.


Awesome material, sort of stretchy and doesn’t show off every single roll especially around your stomach. I usually wear a 2-4 and I ordered a small; it fit perfectly and received so many compliments!


This dress is amazing! The cut is beautiful and enhances your figure downplaying any problem areas. I'm 42"35"42" and it's sexy and tasteful. Material is heavy enough not to be see thru and it's super stretchy and comfortable. Will buy in more colors.


This dress absolutely killed it at the wedding I attended.  After reading the reviews I ordered a size up and was pleased.  Very comfortable, thick fabric.  I received so many compliments!!


