Not impressed with this. The six is very very small. I'm a pretty standard medium and this is way to tight.


Material is great for the price  and very stretchy. Definitely will buy in different colors.  I usually wear (M) but I order a size up (L) and had to exchange it. Not a big deal. Order arrived on time ;) Very pleased with the quality of the material.


I love the dress but from the comments it was likely that I needed to upsize. I am normally a large so I shrunk the dress. It is a bit large in the top and fits just right in the bottom. I may take the top sides in slightly but awesome dress and great material. I am normally a sneakers and baseball cap gal but this had the right appeal for the opera or some other outing.


This item was beautiful. I ordered this item for my cousin who is in her late 40's for her class reunion and she loved it. The dress material is very good and does not show any cellulite or flaws. The material assists in tucking your belly in if you ask me :) The item fit perfectly. My cousin is about 180-190, 5' 4".


I still cannot believe the quality and fit, as well as the thoughtful tailoring that goes into a  product that is so low in price.  I look forward to buying more, and they really tailored to women's curves/  I cannot think of a prettier dress I own than this one, and I have quite a lot of expensive ones.


Great dress for the price! Nice stretchy material. I am 5'5" 140 lbs and I purchased a Medium. I would definitely purchase this dress again!


Luv this dress. Bought it in black and red. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because I had to have 3-1/2 inches taken off to get my desired length (middle of knee).  The cost for the alteration was only $5 less than the cost for the dress -- all worth it though!!!!!


This dress took me by surprise! It is absolutely stunning and I feel like a million bucks when I am wearing it. Definitedly didn’t expected to be so happy with it! I already bought another one in a different color. Oh, did I mention my husband loves it too?


Wow, wow, wow!! If i could give this dress a 10 star, i would. The material is Spanx-like, very heavy yet pulls you in everywhere. Very flattering! Long wasted people shouldn't hesitate to purchase. Fit beautifully!! M (35,27,36)


This is a spring green. I meant to buy the dark green but this is good for the upcoming Easter holiday....and even St. Patrick's Day in a few weeks.  I think the dk green would do better for year round wear. It is easily toned down.


