The order arrived on time. The body part fits well, but, the shoulder areas are a bit too big. That's why the 3 Stars. It reaches a bit passed my knees. The material is stretchy, which is good. I got a Small size in Green. I'm 5'6" 120 lbs.


Excellent value and impressive quality for the price! These dresses were flattering, classy, professional, and even a bit sexy. I receive lots of compliments on them every time I wear them, and I ordered them in multiple colors. The length is perfect (to the knee and/or a bit past it), and they have some stretch to them. Unless you’re very trim and tiny, you’ll probably want to wear some type of shapewear underneath it for the best effect. They need to be careful ironed or steamed before you wear them though.


This had a funky fit. My bust is 39 and my hips are 43. I ordered the Large and the X-Large, neither fit and both were returned. The XL was WAY too big! The large fit okay, but the shoulders sat a few centimeters above my shoulders and when I walked the dress bunched up around my waist. Also, since the pleats aren't sewn in, I found it to look rather sloppy. Definitely NOT what I was hoping for.


Just got mine. Got it on a lark, and I have to say... it’s amazing! I have several Stop Staring dresses (for $100+), and this one is comparable. I’m usually a 6-8, and I ordered it in Medium. Fit perfectly. I got the black, tried it on, and just bought another one in green. I literally have nowhere to wear them, but they’re so inexpensive that I don’t care.


It’s very clingy, but the fabric is stretchy and VERY forgiving. Just going to say it: It’s a hot dress!


In love with this dress bought for my daughters wedding. This is it right out of the bag.


The fit is great and the material is soft and has a nice stretch to it.  Unfortunately, the neckline doesn't want to stay put and there is a line where the fabric ends, right across the bodice.  I think this will be less noticeable if the dress were black.


I ordered the dress in a large because of the reviews. I should have gotten the medium the fit of the dress isn't really form fitting like I had hoped. However, the side design that helps gather the dress helped to mask my pudge. The material was a bit on the thin side  so it will show some cellulite or any indention on your body. It reached the back of my knee.It felt really loose around the neck and arms.  The color is beautiful and complements my skin tone.  Hopefully, the medium will be a better fit.


5'3


150-156 ( i'm not really sure )


36DDD


This dress is comfortable & flattering. I read all the reviews & I am so impressed with this dress especially for the price. I will definitely be buying in other colors. Perfect TBD. To be safe I did a XXL it is very stretchy & was a little loose in spots. I think I could have gotten away with a XL with in my bust 40” but my hips are 47” & the XXL was perfect there. Snug but not to tight in the hips - didn’t have to wear shape wear. Highly recommend


Got the peach color and loved it! It is a light color and yet not as thin as some other reviews say.


Very happy with this purchase, will get another color soon.


I am 125 lB and 5'3" and small size does justice to my body!


Super comfortable. Very flattering.


