I can not tell you enough how amazing this dress is! It is so comfy and flattering. The material isn't stiff like some pencil dresses are. There's stretch to it. It hugs your body in all the right places. I received so many compliments, and 483847 of them came from my hubby, who couldn't keep his eyes off of me!


I'm 5'4" and 148 lbs with an athletic build- broad shoulders, small waist and large/muscular butt and legs. I ordered a small in burgundy and it fits like a glove, with the hem hitting a little more than an inch below my knee. The color is more like a medium-dark red, not really burgundy, but still really pretty and flattering, and the fabric is stretchy, comfortable, and doesn't appear to wrinkle. However, the only reason I docked a star is that the neckline doesn't lay flat, and the chest liner sits awkwardly. I plan to take in the dress at the seam that sits on top of my shoulders/collarbone to get the neckline tighter, and to remove the chest liner. If I didn't have to alter it to fit the way I had hoped it would have been 5 stars.


Fits like a glove! Material is stretchy, but seems to hold structure ok. Will need to be ironed coming out of the bag it was shipped in. I'm 5 10, 155lbs, with athletic legs, and ordered a medium.


Dress was absolutely perfect for my goddaughters baptism. White was actually more of an ivory/off-white color but it still worked. Only thing that was a bit tedious was the neck of the dress would keep unfolding upwards during the day, had to keep adjusting it. But other than that, it looked great!


After reading several reviews I ordered up a size than I normally would wear. I'm glad I did I recieved my dress which I ordered for a wedding I was attending. It fit perfect. Glad I read the reviews as it would not have fit if I ordered my regular size. I loved this dress so much I ordered several more colors for other occasions. I can say that many customers were right about the sleeve having a mind of its own. I however am a seamstress so I just fixed that issue myself.


I love this dress! I wore this to a professional cocktail hour and felt amazing. I'm not sure about the sizing, though... I'm 5"8, about 135lbs with an hourglass figure and I ordered a Medium. It's supposed to be tight, but I wonder if I should have sized up?


Beautiful dress, I am 5'3, and about 145lbs. and it fit perfectly adjusting to your body like a glove, I am in  love with this dress.


Fits perfect! Not too tight, no bunching, no riding up, plenty of stretch! I could of ordered a large and been fine, but I have big boobs! Looks very high end! Material is so freaking wonderful! Not see-thru. Zipper looks expensive & well made. There is a perfect slit in the back for easy movement. I am 5’7 and dress comes just past my knees. I ordered black XL.


Quality material, Fit well.  The actual design is nicely tailored.  Overall one of those dresses you should have in your closet.  My ONLY complaint is... I am large busted, so I often have to get the next size up, The hips in this are cut are a little large.  I probably could have gone one size down, but its fine as is, so I am keeping it.  I am 5'10" - 38-40 bust and 150 lbs. I got an XL.


This is super cute. The fabric is stretchy but also firm, so it more easily hides the little bumps and told that most of us have. The top part of the dress is a little long for me, so I'm going to have it altered, and maybe remove a little of the fabric on the shoulders.


