I love this dress but wished I'd gotten a 1x instead of a XL. It fits a lil snug and you could see the latches of my shaper through it because of it. The dress has some stretch to it, but I just needed it to be a lil  more loose on me. I'm keeping it since I'm in the process of loosing weight so it will be worn again.


This dress really is deserving of all the stellar reviews. It's the perfect all-occasion, figure forgiving, comfortable, yet chic and sexy little black dress that every woman needs in her closet! For reference, I am 5'8," 152 lbs and a 38C bra and I ordered this dress in black, size L. In most shirts I wear size medium and in most jeans I wear a 10L. I have a pretty traditional shape to my frame as far as being balanced proportions in shoulders/waist/hips/etc. However, I do have a bit of a tummy pooch at the moment (what can I say, crunches aren't my favorite pastime). This dress minimizes that waist issue quite beautifully as it's slightly gathered and tailored at the waist, but without being too tight or drawing undo attention to the area (plus you can never go wrong with figure flattering black). I ordered this dress in medium initially and while it technically did fit, it was a tad more snug than I liked, so I reordered it in large and that was absolutely perfect! The large still clung to my figure, but gave a little more breathing room and was not too big or loose by any means.


I love the length of this dress because at my height (5'8") often skirts and dresses don't go past my knees and this one does. I'm a little self conscious about my knees as my legs aren't in peak condition right now, so this dress covers them perfectly without being too long or cutting my frame in a visually awkward way. The fabric is nice and stretchy, but not thin or at all see-thru (in fact it feels quite high quality and sturdy, yet not overly thick/hot), so it is more forgiving on the figure, offers a little shaping support, and doesn't show every little flaw or "jiggle." Although I'd still recommend wearing some shape-wear underneath if you have a few imperfections you'd like to minimize.


On a side note, I tried wearing this with both a nude and a black sexy ankle strap heel and personally I think it looks sharpest with the black heels, but of course that's up to personal taste... just throwing it out there if you're shopping for a pair of shoes to go with it. :) All in all I could not be happier with this purchase, let alone the great price! Fantastic dress!


I bought this dress in green I'm 5 foot eight 145 pounds and got a medium and it fits like a glove and the material and quality is absolutely perfect. Definitely plan on buying a couple of these and different colors.


Love this dress!


I was a little concerned about the fit after reading the reviews but I would have returned it if I didn't care for it, so what's to lose?


I am 5'10" tall and 170 lbs. I normally wear a size 10 in dresses. I ordered a Large and it fit like a glove! I do mean like a glove too. It is very form- fitting. I wore this dress to work today and got TONS of compliments on it. I bought the gray one and have great pair of gray and cream snakeskin look Nine West peep toes that look fantastic with it!


Update: I love the dress so much, I bought another one in peach. It's very cute too!


Fit perfectly! Quality could be better


Good Evening,


I received my much anticipated purple dress & was so let down. The


MUXXN Women's Cut Out Neck Ruched Waist Purple Bridesmaid Dress (L Purple) was such a disappointment. I read the reviews & based on the size chart in the product description (NOT AMAZON'S), I ordered a size up.


This dress absolutely doesn't come close to the size nor the body measurements IN THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION. Honestly, I don't know how some of the women who wrote reviews, about their size, weight & the dress size they ordered fit into.  I am a true size 8 - 5'5 & 150 lbs. (I work out, so my weight is a little higher due to muscle mass).  I can wear a 10 in some things, but typically a M/8-10.


I ordered a large based on the reviews. I had to squeeze myself into it & it ended up looking like a sausage casing.  Absolutely awful. I will have to return it & look for something different.


I'd say order 2 sizes up & maybe it will be accurate.


Classy and sexy. Fits nice and doesn't feel cheap


I loved this dress. I received many compliments and turned heads. Love how it hugs all of your curves. I am 5'3" 135 lbs. Measurements are 36-30-40 and I bought a small and it fit wonderfully. I did wear some shapewear underneath to smooth things out.


I bought a medium which could have worked but the top/strap area was a little big, so I ordered the small and that fit much better. If you have the money and time to spare and are between sizes, I recommend buying the two sizes then returning one after you try them on.


I bought the green, and it was like an emerald green.


I recommend ironing the dress since it's a little wrinkly.


I gave it 4 stars because once you start walking or dancing a lot the dress rides up, so it goes from being slightly below the knees up to mid thigh! I found myself pulling the dress down a lot. Still worth it though.


I've only worn it once, but so far ifs very high quality and looks stellar. I got a lot of compliments on it.


I normally wear a 0-2 and a medium is the right size for me, so it does run small.


I really LOVE the material of these guys dresses! They really look very classy and elegant. The material is not transparent and it's really good for their prices. I really recomend this guys' clothes. I'm like 5'2 and that's why both dresses where kind of large for me, but wasn't a problem for me because i cutt them.


