Beautiful and elegant dress. I especially like the neckline. I bought it in yellow and it was amazing, definitely turned more than a few heads. Pair this with some sexy heels and you'll look like a million dollars. It is tight however so order your size. I got the large thinking the fabric would stretch but it has hardly any give. I was able to squeeze myself in it and make it work but if I had to do it over again I would order extra large.


LOVE THIS DRESS! The fit is perfect and live the classic yet sexy look.  The fabric is often as it has some give.  I ordered a small and it fits well. I prefer below the knee dresses and this is perfect for my 5'3 height.  I am a little disappointed it is handwash or dry clean.  I have not loundered yet, which is why I give four stars opposed to five.


This dress is amazing. . Sexy and. Stylish. . I bought a black 1 to wear to a party... got a ton of compliment.. so i ordered the Red for Christmas.  Ladies it is stretchy and is right  below the knees. . Im 5'4 125 ordered the small. Love this dress..


Seller- professional and arrived on time .nicely packaged.


Exceeded expectations especially for the price. Very retro like dresses the women wear on "Mad Men." I wear an 8 or 10, 5'7" and 140 and the large fits perfectly. The fabric is a little stretchy so it really hugs you and is very comfortable but flattering. I bought the grey, as I was leaning toward something conservative to balance out the snug fit. I want at least one other color. Actually I want them all but can't decide.


Thanks to the reviews and photos I purchased this dress.  The pouch area is a bit too roomy and I see what they are saying about the flap of material but it is still a keeper.  The color is rich and the material is very nice.  The split doesn't pull open and the dress is very complementing to any figure.  True to size so be honest with yourself!


I received so many compliments on this dress from both men and women. It fits perfect and shows off your curves. The color is popping. It runs small, which I expected from reading other reviews, so buy a size up.


This dress is a knockout.  Fit perfectly, very forgiving, nice pleat lines in front. The blue is gorgeous. I have nothing bad to say  about this dress.  Its perfect for a holiday party. I wored with Nude pumps and it was a hit. Tremendous value, and material was very nice.


This dress is great, the only thing I didnt like was the lining in the breast area. If you have a full chest the lining will come out and make you look ridiculous.


I love this dress, fits great and the price is amazing for the value.


I have to say this dress passed my expectations. I ordered it for a friend’s wedding and was amazed how great the material and fit was. It is True yo size. I loved it so much I ordered a second on for another upcoming wedding.


