Liked the dress but found fringe in circle area required a little manipulating and I'm a bit short but have larger breast so I had to go with a medium and it is a little longer than I prefer but a little hemming will fix that. I know I put fit as expected because any smaller and my upper area wouldn't  have fit but overall it is the right fit, it is my preference to have it hemmed a little shorter. And it is a nice dress.


Got loads of compliments!! I did go with the sellers sizing and fitted well but my bust had to be adjusted seeing that it was abit big.


I absolutely like this dress a lot!  It is so professional.  It is a bit long since I'm short 5'. But I will get it hemmmed.  I got a medium I am 5'0 120lbs 34 DD and it fits perfectly.  I actually look like a grown up in this dress!!!


Perfect fit! Great material!!! For the price I’m SHOCKED at the quality! It is stretchy too, so you have room to breath and dance if you so choose. I have a glow party and farewell dinner to attend in Mexico and we are required to wear white. I’m so thankful I found this!


My wife and I have bought clothes on amazon before with varying luck.  We were pleasantly impressed with the quality of this dress.


Loved the dress. Material is good quality, not cheap looking at all. SO comfortable. It's stretchy so it fits to your shape. The top of the dress is a little big and doesn't sit perfectly flat but it wasn't annoying enough that I wouldn't wear it again. I'm actually ordering a second one in another color.


The slit in the back goes much higher than I would have imagined it would have. Also if you have a larger bust beware it will be very tight in the chest area and there is little give here, makes it slightly uncomfortable in the armpit area due to the pull


A little snug and more club than business attire but beautiful nonetheless. Fabric stretches but not what I expected.  The folds in the front need to be steamed to fold naturally versus pressed.


The style is on point.  Love it.


This dress is perfect! I ordered a size 8 (M), I'm 5'7', 145 pounds and it ended just below my knees...and it was beautiful. It has some stretch to it, which makes it very comfortable to wear. Light weight material but not see through.


Love this dress! Stretchy and very flattering. I'm 5'4 140 and the medium fits perfectly. Highly recommend!


