Loved the dress. Wish I had a better pic of myself in it. I'm wearing a pink shrug over it because it was a little chilly and it's our company colors too. :) The only issue I had was that one arm hole was smaller than the other so I had it taken out on one side and voila! Fantastic! Comfortable fabric and nice stretch.


I was so excited to get this dress and it did not diappoint. The pix I took was literally as soon as I ripped it out of the plastic bag. I love it so much. I'm 5'6, weight 138, and wear a 36 D bra. The large size fits perfectly. This dress is so versatile, you can dress it up or down. I'm wearing it to work with a cropped cardigan and kitten heels. I could see in winter pairing it with a cardi and boots.


I am recommending this dress to everyone I know. Everyone who has purchase it looks amazing in it. This is a dress that will look great on any skintone, size, shape, etc. One of my favorite places to buy quality dresses is Pin Up Girl Clothing. All of the dresses I have purchsed from them is of the highest quality and Made in the US (which I love and try to support as much as possible). I suspect this style will appeal to fans of PUG so I want to compare this dress to PUG. The quality of this dress more than exceeded my expectations. The material has the same weight and stretch to it that many of the PUG dresses have. The MUXXN is made in China and PUG in the US so how the MUXXN will wear over time I will have to see. I have had many of my PUG dresses over 3 years and made sure to properly care for them. They look as great as when I first purchased them. The MUXXN says you can machine wash it but I plan to dryclean. I hope it wears well over time, but since I"ve just had it a week I have no way to measure that. If you are a PUG fan, I think this dress is a nice way to augment your wardrobe and add some cute pieces for a good price. I don't see MUXXN as a replacement for PUG (you will never top PUG's style and quality,  items are made in the US and PUG Customer Service is spectacular.....what can I say I'm a huge fan and will always support them) but a nice way to add a few cute and flattering pieces to your wardrobe at a good price. I already ordered my second MUXXN dress. You just can't go wrong with this dress or MUXXN for the price.


I purshased this dress in purple to attend a sorority breakfast. We were asked to wear purple and I thought this would be perfect. Unfortunately, I was unable to enjoy myself because the zipper came aloose by going off track and exposing my entire backside. Luckily, I was able to cover it with a scarf until a friend could zip it down and then rezip. However, that didn't last long. Such a beautiful dress for a beautiful day only to be ruined by a faulty zipper. It can apart a second time. Luckily I was able to get the dress over my head to take off when I got home. I WILL BE RETURNING and I EXPECT A FULL REFUND.


Ordered this dress on a whim for a funeral (unfortunately). I was very hesitant to order a dress on Amazon as clothes fit me weird a lot of the time - put I read through most reviews and looked at pictures and decided to order the medium hoping it would fit a little big and I would be able to shrink. The dress fit very well but is too long for my liking, it went to below my knees (as expected, I am 5’4) but fit great regardless. I ran through the wash on delicate, warm cycle in a laundry bag and in the dryer on high for about 15min and now the dress fits perfectly! It is a nice material and professional looking if you throw a blazer on over it. Hugs all of your curves in all the right places & very flattering. I am 5’4, about 140lbs. I wear 34A bra but have a booty. I am only giving 4 stars because the top of the dress fits funny, almost makes me feel as if I need to keep adjusting it. Regardless, I am happy I purchased!


I loved this dress and the color... It fit perfect. I received so many compliments..I want another one in a different color


Needed a dress for a spring wedding in Colorado.very comfortable fabric with just the right stretch.  Numerous compliments on the dress and lots of inquiries as to where I found it.


Bought this tonwear to my son's graduation. Nice fabric with just enough stretch to be comfortable sitting and moving all evening. Asymmetrical neckline was a nice touch. For reference I am 5'7", 190 lbs and curvy. I bought the XL. L would have fit but I dont like super skin tight dresses.


These Dresses  Slaaaaaayed...I wore both to High End Functions and I must say, These DRESSES was the Hit of the evening!!! I'm going to purchase in the other colors...Perfect Cocktail Dress!!! AAAAA+++++


I am so happy I chose this dress for my brother's wedding. I read all the reviews on the dress, checked the measurements listed in the description and felt confident ordering the large. It fit perfectly. I am 5'2" 145lbs but I have boobs, hips and a behind, this dress looked fabulous on every one of my curves. I received a ton of compliments on the dress and its fit. I paired the dress with a Dream Pairs Women's Elegantee Dress Pump and the outfit was red carpet ready. The dress is very very well made, being petite dresses tend run a little long on me, or there is too much material in the straps so they bunch, I did not have that problem with this dress. I feel like it fit just where I needed to and the length was perfect.


I will be ordering another of these dresses in a different color. This dress is even great for the office when I meet with clients. Throw a blazer over it and your good to go.


I'm 5'3"/130 lbs/38D. According to the size chart referred, I decided to order a size up so that put me in the medium range. The bust area was a bit snug, but I could have lived with it if I HAD to. The waistline was a bit more problematic as I felt I needed a little more room for the pleating to fall the way it's supposed to. I returned the medium and ordered the large since I'm not into bodycons. The material has a 65% rayon, 30% cotton, and 5% spandex composition so there's very little stretch with the weight and feel seeming closer to a light linen. The white colored dress is definitely not a stark white, and you will definitely need to wear a slip in a color to offset your personal skin tone if you don't plan on showing too much of your body's commodities. I definitely plan on washing mine in a delicate wash cycle, taking it out immediately, and laying it flat to dry in order to help keep the shape and eliminate the prospects for ANY shrinkage. As one of the other reviewers noted there is a piece in the front of the bodice on the inside of the dress (particularly with some of the lighter colored dresses) that makes a noticeable line that you can see from the outside on the chest area that is distracting enough to warrant a little tailoring work. Having said that, it's still a great summer dress and for the price I think it's definitely worth the effort to nip and tuck where you need to since the neckline and pleating are a bit unique.


