Love the fabric and the style, however this is NOT a true to size garment.  It fits 2 sizes too SMALL.  I normally wear L to XL, depending on manufacturer (some more generous than others).  Something told me to order one size larger, XXL and it fits like a second skin. HORRIBLE!!  Unless you want every curve and imperfection to show!!  SENDING it back!!! So disappointed!!!


This dress has so much potential.  I went one size up which was a mistake.  Perhaps going with my regular size would help this fit better.  The neckline doesn't lie flat.  I think it would be better on someone who is more busty than I (36A.)  This dress is see-through!  Even white underwear shows. Color is true to the image. Very pretty.  I'm so bummed this dress won't work!  I'll be sending it back. :(


Size is perfect for the most part. I am a 10/12 so I got an XL. It does show my problem areas a little more than I would like. The sleeves were a tad larger than expected. The materials were nice. I ordered one in green and one in gray. They are just not ment for someone with a slight tire around their tummy....


If anyone thinking of ordering this dress is 270-285 pounds, order the xxl. It fit my wide hips and behind like a glove. It looked sleek and sexy on me although I had to return it because the split in the back was to high up for me. I thought the dress had no slit but other than that it was perfect.


Beautiful dress, and helps make me look a little extra curvy! The only problem I had was the zipper is placed a little too low to undo, and a little too high to get on all the way, and the wrinkles that are added on aren’t sewed or anything so if you pull down your dress to far they look a bit funny. Luckily it’s only something you notice if your looking for it! And the other problem is solved if you have someone to help you out of this beautiful, and surprisingly soft dress.


I bought this dress for my daughter and I in different colors to attend a wedding. I must say this dress fits well! Even for those who may have a little tummy, the little gather that the dress has by the belly, hides how big your tummy is. We got soo many compliments in our dress.


I ordered this dress for a costume (I was Marge Simpson). I was surprised at the quality of the dress for the price. The fabric was substantial and the dress was well-made. I'll order from this brand again. In order to accommodate my fairly large hips, I ordered an XL.My pants size is 14.  As I expected, it was a little big at the top, but not so much that I couldn't safety pin it in place.


I'm 5'3 130lbs 36-30-36. I bought a medium, the dress fits perfect. The dress is beautiful great material stretchy. I wore this dress to my sister's wedding and I got a lot of compliments.


I had to return this because it was too big on the top for me.  This is no fault of the dress, I'm just really small in the chest area and have difficulty filling that area in.  It's very pretty and the fabric is nice and stretchy.  The color is slightly darker than the photo but still a very pretty red.


5'9" 140lbs 36 DD I could have gotten a medium size. The large fits, but the offset shoulder is loose. The color, material, cut, design, and fit are everything a girl could dream of. I feel like a million bucks in this dress. My husband lusts me in it also.


