This dress is beautiful. It's see through but nothing a slip won't fit. Very flattering.


Got so many compliments with this dress!!! Fit good, just have to make sure you have the right underwear for this dress. If not, it will show...


I can not imagine how this dress could not fit anybody. Great stretchy fabric, awesome length, flattering shape. Definitely worth the money. I am 5'8' and 150 lbs. I got large size.


I love this dress. The silhouette is beautiful, the length was perfect (I'm 5'9"). It was a little bit difficult to iron with the pleating and it did come very wrinkled in the packaging, but overall I'm thrilled with it.  I think I ordered a size up because of other reviews and I'm not sure how a smaller size would have fit, but I may not have needed to order a size up after all.


Got this in white. Has only about two inches of lining at the neck seam that is only enough to cover half your boobs. The rest of the dress is very thin material that is extremely see through.  I'm either going to return it or have to pull a full lining in it so the whole world can't see my bum.


This dress was perfect except that it is off white. Great fit I ordered a large. My measurements are 34 32 43


This dress is so AMAzing!! The pics don't begin to do it justice. The green color "POPS" in an amazing way without being overkill! The fit is beautiful, comfortable, accurate and spot on for so many events. I wore it today to work (I'm an HR Professional) and gals and guys alike raved over it. I'm a fair skinned, lightly freckly, redhead! All my fellow gingers you need this beauty! This is a new staple addition to my wardrobe! ♡♡LUUUUUUUUUV!!♡♡


The dress is really comfortable because it stretches so well you will not have any problems get in the car o go upstairs!  It's a bit longer than I saw on the model but it's still nice so! I am a size 10 and 170 cms tall


I really like this dress and it's nice to find a dress that is actually long enough on me (I'm 5'10") and this dress comes down just past my knees. If you are busty the top can fit a little awkwardly in that there is a flap of material that starts to stick out a little bit. I took my flat iron to it and it was fine.


It's a touch snug but it's gorgeous and I love it. I'm 5'8" 170 lbs a DB got an XL. One thing I love about this brand is their dresses are long enough in the waist for someone like me who has a long torso and long legs. I'm a 38DDD and like I said, it was snug, but I think I looked beautiful and I received so many compliments. The fabric has stretch to it and yet is thick, so I didn't feel naked in it; I felt garbed. Very elegant.


