O. M. G. !! This dress is nothing short of stunning! Fits like a glove! I felt amazingly beautiful and just cannot wait to have another occasion to wear it! As a reference, I am 5'6", 120lbs, 33-26-37 and I bought the small. I felt incredibly sexy, yet appropriate for my age (pushing 40!). It is made with good, thick, stretchy fabric. I didn't feel the need for wearing any spanx underneath, it just hugged my curves perfectly. I did, however, wore seamless underpants to avoid showing the dreaded panty lines!


Lovvvvvve this dress! I searched everywhere for the perfect dress for a wedding. I was skeptical about ordering online but it was free shipping and free returns so i had nothing to lose. The fit was perfect accept for the length. I got it hemmed just a little. Its a stretchy material so it hugged my curves so well!!!!!! I loved it so much i ordered another in a different color for another wedding i had coming up!


I normally wear a 14/16 in Lane Bryant and this dress, although I love the style of the dress, you cannot have muffin tops and a belly and look and feel sexy in this dress. Must wear a girdle or a tummy slimmer to enjoy the full effect of the dress. I ordered the equivalent of an 18 and feel I should have gone larger in size. Very nice dress over all, so not knocking it, but for future need to know what extra you need to wear to get the perfect curvy look.


This dress fits like a glove! I'd give it 4.5 stars, though, because the material is thinner than I would like. Had to wear a sports bra to avoid bra lines and wore biker shorts to keep things covered. But the color is vibrant and the compliments kept coming!


Do not hesitate. This dress is beautiful. It will look great on almost any woman. It has a lot of stretch. The fabric is high quality and thick. The stitching is fantastic. I have seen similar dresses in high end stores, and this could easily sell for over 100.00. I just cannot say enough about this item. I bought it for a wedding and it looks classy and sexy at the same time. I have never owned a dress that has managed to do both those things. I added a little bolero jacket to give it a bit more modesty. But, without a jacket, and some different shoes, this could easily be a girls night out dress. It is hard for me to buy an off the shelf and have it look nice. This dress did not need any alterations. I am 5'4" 137lbs - chest 40" at the fullest part - 32" where the band of my bra sets - waist 28" - hips 38". I hope this helps you ladies.


I ended up returning this, but only because I should have ordered a small instead of medium. It may run slightly big but I have also lost a little weight lately and may not have realized I've gone down a size. lol I was always between small and medium, maybe I am just a small now and ordered incorrectly then! It is beautiful fabric, just thick enough, insanely flattering on and the coral color is gorgeous-a little darker than I realized. I am 5'3", 145 lbs, 34B, big booty/pear-shaped, 34-29-39, the medium fit but was generally too loose when I definitely wanted this to be more body hugging. Also due to a smaller chest I didnt fill out the medium's bust very well so the straps just kind of floated above my shoulders loosely. I absolutely will be reordering once the yellow is restocked in small! :)


I loved the color and the quality of the fabric...and to a certain extent the fit.  It's definitely snug...you might want shapewear.  But if you're comfortable with a body-hugging dress, you'll like it.  The biggest issue was the sideways darts that were meant to mimic ruching.  Because they were darts, and not draped, they stuck out from the dress (instead of laying flat) and I felt it detracted from the look.  A second issue was the fit of the shoulders & neckline.  If I put the shoulders of the dress where they felt comfortable, the neckline of the dress gapped out a little.  If I pulled the shoulders further out, to make the neckline lay flat, the outside edge of the shoulder pieces were extending out past my shoulders and the back outside edge of the armhole gapped out.  As much as I wanted to love the dress, I decided to return it.  I debated between three & four stars, because it seems wrong to give four stars to a dress I'm returning, but there were things I really liked about the dress.  Depending on another person's body shape, maybe the issues that caused me to return it won't be a big deal for them.


Beautiful cocktail dress with a decent amount of stretch to it. The asymmetrical neckline is gorgeous. I received so many compliments on this dress. For reference: I'm 5'7", 150 lbs athletic build (muscular thighs and butt, small waist) size 4/6 in pants, typically a medium on top (36B/C). I ended up ordering a medium. The dress fits but it's definitely curve hugging (thank goodness for stretchy material!)! I would prefer it to be a little looser in the hips but ordering a large would have caused the top to be too big and the neck material wouldn't have looked right.. I ordered this for an evening event, so the tight dress was still appropriate. If I was willing to put more work into it, I could have ordered a large and had it tailored.


I bought the yellow one and wore it to my son's graduation....Honey, when I say I turned heads!! The dress fit PERFECTLY!!!! I'm overweight, about 5'3" and 210 lbs., so I was very skeptical, but it fit very well. Material is not see through at all, came to the knee.Will DEFINITELY buy from this company again!


