At first this looked really too large but trying it on it was only somewhat large. What threw me off was that it is really long. Even so it did not look nun-like just right with some tall sexy shoes. Not a flats dress in my view. Hoping a good wash will shrink it just so. Can't beat the price truly.


I love this dress & the way it fits. It is my favorite dress to pull out for anything, I've worn it to weddings, a funeral, cruise dinner, & work functions! If it were black it'd be the PERFECT LBD. May just have to buy it in black just for that! 5'7, 190lbs, 36DDD chest.


I love the way it fits.  The fabric washes easily but requires some touch up ironing. It doesn’t fade.  This manufacturer is very dependable and makes great dress wear.  This is my 3rd and I love all of them!


Love the style and fit of this dress.  Very flattering, no need for shapewear underneath.  Nice neckline to make for an impactful dress to wear for work or add accessories for cocktail or semi-formal eveningwear.


Absolutely GREAT! This dress was a knock out. It hugs and complements your body completely. Very tasteful. I will say that the neck wouldn't stay tucked but I plan on having a tailor take care of that little issue. I'm purchasing another one!


Wore this beautiful dress to a wedding in September.  It was perfect!  Was shocked that the price of this was only $29.99.  Material fit like a glove but not too tight.  Looking forward to ordering a 2nd one in Red for the holidays.  The Navy color was gorgeous.


Lol! I have paid a lot of money for a great dress!  Over the holidays and coming up on the fine age of 50, I have gained a few pounds, I was reluctant to buy a dress that would cost a fortune for a last minute event. I took a chance on this this dress based on the reviews. Let’s talk!  For 29.99 the quality of this dress is top shelf!  I ordered a medium, it’s unbelievably comfortable and extremely flattering. My body type, apple on toothpicks. 5’2 40 27 36. Perfect medi length. My daughter said , mom, you look like a hot snack. Think I might have to order a few more ! xoxo


This is stunning .. flattering .. the fabric is thick and has stretch ..


Love this dress, it's perfect. I'm very picky about my cloths. The material on this dress is really comfortable and stretchy. The front neck line does pop out a little but that doesn't bother me at all. I'm skinny athletic build 5'11" and I weigh 155 lbs the medium fits perfect. The color red looks exactly like the picture.


I normally wear a medium but purchased a large , could have worn a medium because the fabric is super stretchy . The dress was beautiful and sexy - felt amazing in it !


