These are great dresses. True to color and size. Ordered three sizes but had to return due to event cancellation. But truly can't believe these are only $30.


Beautiful dress however it was a totally different style. I had to return it and requested a refund


I was a little skeptical about ordering a dress online but I'm glad I made the choice. I typically wear a size 2, but ordered a 4 as its the lowest the sizing goes, and I couldn't be happier. I was hoping the skirt would be a tad longer, but it should be perfect with heels for anyone under 5"5.


This is a pretty color dress, which I hoped would have worked out for my bridesmaids dress, but sadly it did not. The dress does come with padding in the bust area. The chiffon material is soft, about the same quality material you will find of the Davids bridal bridesmaids dresses. The lining material is a cheap polyester that I would say is consistent with a night gown, cheesy but comfortable. I expected it to be a bit cheesy because of the price point. Be aware the a lighter pink color is slightly see through. The length is really where I had issue. The dress is for people who are 5'5 and under. You might be able to get away with it at 5'6" but anyone taller will look like the dress is too short.


Beautiful dresses, nicely lined , bra cups, just as good quality as bridal stores! They are long but could easily be taken up.


Received the completely wrong dress. Ordered the dress with v neck and floor length, got a dress with a sweetheart neckline that is above the knee..... hmmm, doesn't quite fit the description in any way.


Item was too small for me, but quite beautiful. I usually wear a Size 14, but will exchange for 16.


This dress is AHmazing! It fits and is just as good as any bridesmaids dresses you buy from David's bridal for $200! The quality is impressionable and we got so many compliments! Worth every penny!


We actually used it for a halloween costume - she went as megara from disney hercules. The dress was perfect with a few additions.


Love these dress on 2 of my bridesmaids! They look Beautiful!! Price was Great


