It was above and beyond my expectations my wedding party love the dresses and they were super affordable and I was able to purchase each girl their own dress❤️


Cut does not fit well!!


The delivery date was okay, but the size the dress was way too big .  I used their chart size and measured but the actual dress is still way too big. I would like to return the dress and get another one at a different size if that's available


I purchased this dress in four colors for an upcoming event: black, burgundy/wine, deep purple & the emerald green. Decent fit since I normally am a 2, but ordered the 4 since it was the smallest size. Three of the dresses were 2-3 inches too long & would need to be hemmed. The emerald green however was significantly shorter so it will be the one I wear. Curious as to why the discrepancy with the length! All in all, very decent quality for the cost - such a great value I might even keep a second color dress!


The dress was too Big for me. Beside that,the tomorrow wedding was cancelled. Can I return it? It's still with its label.


Thankfully because of the reviews I ordered a size up and I'm glad I did! I love his dress! I'm usually a 2 but ordered a 4


I am 5'4", 134 pounds, 28" waist, got the size 8 and it fit very well. Would need hemming since I prefer a low heel for comfort with a long dress. I didn't notice this mentioned in any other comments, but this dress is double lined which would be great for dealing with any sheerness issue BUT the innermost lining only goes to right above the knee and is very obvious through the skirt. Kind of odd it wasn't all the way to the hem. It bothers me enough that I am returning the dress. Also, the static electricity was off the charts, couldn't get the skirt under control, that I could have dealt with but that half skirt showing through just wasn't doing it for me. Great dress for the price though and probably in a dark color, no problem with the lining.


Unfortunately I had to send this dress back. When I ordered this I knew the bust area might be a little snug. My bust measured about an 1-2 inches larger than what is listed in the sizing. I hoped it would still fit but I was uncomfortable. The bust fit great but the "sash" that goes under the bust is were the snugness was. I was able to zip the dress but I couldn't really move that much. Because of that I didn't take photos. Also know that the V-neck is rather low. I didn't have an issues with that myself but I can see where others might. The fabric felt like good quality which amazed me for this price. I'm 5'4 and about 4" (perhaps a little more) of the bottom of the dress was on the floor. If I had kept it, my daughter said she could just trim it without it fraying. (Again I did not actually do this but my daughter sews quite a bit so I'll take her at her word.) There was one spot where the zipper got stuck but it was just momentarily and I could have gotten fabric stuck in it. I prefer zippers that are a little harder to do that way you know it won't fall down.


I gave it 5 ⭐️ because when I ordered it I was unsure of the fit, I knew my bust was larger than in their sizing, Plus the fabric felt very nice. It wasn't at all scratchy. Both my husband and my daughter really liked the style. It's sexy without feeling exposed.


The measurement are very accurate. I got my normal size thinking I always wear a size 8 and  didn't trust the size chart. It's slightly tight but I'm afraid a bigger size would have been too big. The dress is for a wedding and it's beautiful. I am in love with it.


If you are looking for a simple yet elegant wedding gown- get this! I loved it. I bought 3 wedding gowns total (indecisive bride) and out of all 3 of them, I chose this one to wear on my big day. It was the least expensive one as well, really wished I would have saw this dress first before purchasing my other 2. Just a few tips- I did jazz it up a bit by purchasing a sash for my waste, and accessories as well, the waste like does NOT stretch, it is very long I had to take it in for alterations. But that's expected of all gowns for me since I'm only 4'11"... this is also VERY see through in the sunlight. So make sure you have some sort of thick slip underneath.overall I loved it and felt beautiful in it on my big day.


