The dress is fine, however it is not as pictured.  The one pictured is the "Pageant Dress" which has the modesty chest panel.  The one received does not have that, so it's lower cut.  That is why I only gave 4/5 because we now have to make it a little more modest since it is for a HS graduation dress.  Also, you will need to hem it if you are 5'6 or under.  My daughter is 5'4, and she'd need 3" heels in order for it not to be hemmed.


I looked at the sizing chart and took my measurements before ordering, the dress fit like a glove upon arrival.  It was perfect for the event and I got tons of compliments!  If you take your measurements with a measuring tape you should get an accurate fit.


Good quality fabric, stitched well. The built in bra is inside the lining, but it's more for concealment than support.


It was way too small and narrow in the chest for me. If you've got large breasts, skip this entirely or order a size up.


For the price, this is a well made dress.  You would never be able to tell I didn't buy it from a big name brand.  I bought a size too big though and because of the way the dress is cut, was not able to wear a bra so I had to fashion a duct tape bra.  I think it is true to size because it was one size too large and fit the way I would expect that size to fit me.  Overall, for one night, very happy with it.


This dress is so pretty... With Ever-Pretty dresses you have to buy bigger sizes because their dresses comes in small sizes. I wear a 6 but I bought a 10 because I have shopped with them before. This dress is very flattering and fits well, only thing is that it’s very long. I had to do some alteration on the length.


I like it but I'm 5'0 and this dress is just wayyy too long.  I ordered a size 4, so the top and waist size is perfect.


Maybe I'm just too short for this dress.


Other than that I love the material


The dress is beautiful. I love that it has built in cups...I'm larger chested and it didn't look obscene! I wear a size 14 so I ordered at 16 and the fit was great. I am 5'2 and it was too long so be prepared for alterations if you're a short girl like me!


Sadly, the day of the wedding, the zipper broke! I had to be sewn in and still looked lovely but it was an extremely stressful time.


It's great, but I had not anticipated that it would be waaay too long and I'm 5'7''. I imagine that is so you can get it appropriately tailored, just like the over-priced ones in the wedding dress shops. Without tailoring it draped on the ground even in heels. Get it, but prepare to get it hemmed.


I purchased this dress for a formal wedding.


I received so many compliments on this dress and everyone loved it.


When I bought the dress it came in the mail very wrinkled but I was able to iron it on a light mode and get the wrinkles out without damaging the dress. I tried to wear a strapless nude bra with the dress but you could see the bra through the lace in the back so instead I used stick on inserts which worked fine. I am petite size and the dress fit nicely with room to breathe.


Beautiful dress. The material doesn't have any "give" - it doesn't stretch at all. So, I wouldn't recommend it unless your measurements precisely fit the ones that they provide. The blue is a pretty color and it matches the picture. If you don't have a well-defined waist (but have weight around the middle), I would avoid this dress.


