Ordered 4 for my bridesmaids and everyone loved them. I ordered everyone a size up which I think was a smart move because they fit perfectly.


Ever Pretty doesn't place the "cups" where they should go on the bust area, they are all too high up, making it very uncomfortable, they are better off not lining with cups to begin with.


Great fit, even though I normally wear a 8.  Great price and dress.


My mother is 5.7" and while the fit was good the length had her tripping  although she wore 5" heels....But the quality was good


darker pink than shown in the pic


I needed a dress fast i got this 2 days after I ordered it fit great


I purchased this dress as a bridesmaid's dress for a friend's wedding. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the material and the stylishness of the dress. The purple color is very elegant.  I will need to get it hemmed - even with heels it's a little too long for my petite frame - and bring up the straps a little bit so it fits me up top. Definitely use the size guide rather than going by the numbered size - I'm usually a size 0 in most American stores and the size 4 will be fine (with the minor alterations mentioned above.)


This dress worked perfectly for a wedding that I was part of. You certainly can't beat the price, and the dress fit very well and looked lovely. When the dress arrived, it was pretty wrinkled - I steamed out the wrinkles easily, but I had to pack the dress for travel, and it got wrinkled again despite packing it in tissue paper. I don't think anyone noticed. Be careful with the zipper (that the fabric doesn't get caught in it).


Although I am short, and I knew that I would have to get the length altered, the dress was perfect. I wore this dress while participating as a maid of honor in my sister's wedding. I also received compliments from many people!


The top looks really odd.  One person described the insert as working like a push-up bra; it looks more like a poor add on to fix a too low neckline.;


