TOTALLY GROSSED OUT!!! I gave this product two stars because the dress itself is actually quite lovely, however I clearly received a very worn wrinkled product, COVERED inside AND out in both animal and human hair. Absolutely disgusting!!! Find another seller!!!


Beautiful dress. Either it's a bit on the large side or I lost weight!! (Yay! Lol) either way,I bought this actually to wear for halloween and just wore a black sports bra! No one noticed at all. It all looked like part of the dress and it turned out great!


It was about an inch or two large in the back. Your main measurement should be concerning the bust. Waist and hip area are flowing loose fabric so it doesn't matter as much. It was exactly what is shown in picture. Easy to return, ordering smaller size, will be here tomorrow! I love prime.


I was skeptical about buying a bridesmaid dress off of Amazon, and for such a low price.... but this dress is great! The material, the way it fits, it’s beautiful on! I’m pleasantly surprised. The dress was better then I expected.


My sister and I did have to get one size larger then what we usually wear, but that was no problem.


This dress is just fabulous. The length is good, and I just love it. I would highly recommend this dress to anyone who would like it for a wedding, prom, cruise or any dressy occasion. Highly recommend it. Great company as I called them and they were very helpful and willing to trade or do anything to make the dress perfect. Shipping was really fast


Bought this for bride maid.. Very pretty and nice quality.


It's a size 16 but fits like a size 14 which is what I expected. Straps are a bit long but can be adjusted to fit properly with a simple stitch or safety pins, hidden of course. The package arrived extremely fast so shipping time is exceptional. Beautiful shade of yellow.


This dress was very flattering and very pretty. It was soft and comfortable.  It was a bit wrinkled because of how it was shipped, but somethign that could have been steamed.  I would recommend buying


I have fun wearing this dress. It fitted well and the padding kept me tight all night of the Office Christmas Party. The theme was black and white so the dress was a good choice. Good price too!


It is a beautiful dress but runs small, order a size up!


