I'm really surprised at how well rated this dress is.  I find that it is poorly made, the material looks and feels very cheap, and the sizing is off.  Unfortunately for me, this dress was chosen for me by a family member as a bridesmaid's dress, so not wearing it isn't an option.  I usually wear a 10 or 12 in dresses, but am having to wear an 8 in this dress.  It is more than a bit snug, but the 10 would need a lot of altering on both the shoulders (way too loose) and the length, and I just don't think the flimsy material would hold up well to alterations.  Additionally, the dress is extremely wrinkled from being stuffed into very small packaging.  I hope that the dry cleaner can perform magic and get this dress looking decent. I don't recommend this dress.


Bought 4 of these, in different sizes. The dress is of nice material, and the quality is decent for the price paid. Would not stand up to close inspection as an "expensive" piece. From a distance (and normal human interacting distance as well), the dress has a nice shape and flatters most body shapes.


My only complaint is that the smallest size (4) is slightly limiting. One of my friends is a size 0, and tailoring the waist 2 inches would cost around $100.


Dress is elegant. One of the shoulder straps was slightly longer than the other so it slips off my shoulder. It doesn't look like a very expensive dress, but it would be nice as an affordable and event-appropriate bridesmaid dress.


Great Dress for the price, I am 5'4" so it was long and had to have it shortened. Also I should have had the shoulder straps shortened.  But over all good dress for the price and loved the material.


I ordered this dress last minute for a wedding I had to go to. I was skeptical because the price was so low, but the reviews seemed good. I ordered the dark green in a size 12 (5'6" and 155lbs). It was a beautiful color, the cut was excellent and the quality was great for the price. I was confident enough to use the dress at a formal wedding where I had a speaking role. The only think I will say is that it runs a little large. I could have done with a size 10 even though I normally wear 12. I just wore a larger strapless bra and a shawl on top to hide the fact that it was a little large.


Beautiful dress in an awesome, rich color. fits very nicely. It had to be hemmed to my height, but that was to be expected as they make these dress pretty long to encompass wider scope of clientele. I will be ordering red one soon.


I haven't worn it properly yet, but I tried it on. The size I anticipated fits, but it's a bit long in the torso. That's going to need altering. It's really lovely (I bought the green) and well made. Arrived somewhat creased, but nothing a quick steam won't fix.


I'll update this after wearing it longer.


The dress was delivered quickly. It will be nice for my bridesmaids once its been dry cleaned i hope. i was so wrinkled though, i really hope it smooths out properly... A plastic bag really isnt the best way to ship a fancy dress


I'm 5'4'', and my weight on average is about 140-145 lbs and an A cup. Normally I wear a size 6 in dresses and a size 8 in jeans and such.. But the dress was a little bit too tight. I wish I would've gone up a size more to be comfortable. I had to do the "suck it in" method. Unless you have a nice perfectly flat tummy, I would suggest a size up. What's nice about this dress is that you don't need to wear a slip or a bra with it since it's padded. Length wise, it was perfect and wasn't too long or too short ( it touched the floor a bit, but I wore heels and it was perfect size). The dress comes in a tiny plastic package and does have wrinkles-- which I had assumed I needed to steam it... But no worries, I ironed it and it came out wrinkle and damage free. Don't be afraid to iron it! (the outside material only, not the inside). Wore it to a formal party and received lots of compliments on it. It was simple but formal enough.


I'll perhaps add a picture on later for show...


Fits nicely overall, however I have a larger rib cage than normal so it was more snug in that area than expected. I decided to go with another dress that was more comfortable, but I would revisit this one in a larger size if I needed another dress.


