This dress is very beautiful. My friends also like it. I ordered different sizes for them. The length of 6 and 8 is 60 inches. Waist is almost the same. Size 10 Waist width is wide. Only 57 inches in length. Overall is very good. Just the size is not perfect. Unfortunately I have to return a size 10


It's not bad quality for the price, but the fit was poor for me. I am 5'8, curvy, and usually wear size 16 comfortably. I ordered a size 16 in this dress and found that the waist fit okay (a little loose), but the chest was very tight and the pads they put in were a bit too high. Also, you can't wear a bra with this (if you are busty) - my Lane Bryant convertible bra band completely showed. Too bad.


The bust fit pretty loose and it wasn't long enough to cover my feet. This wasn't a huge deal since I was a part of an outdoor wedding and didn't want my dress to drag anyways, but even a half inch longer would have been nice. I'm 5'8" and I am guessing the models in the picture are around 5'2" since my friend also ordered a dress from them in a different color and she had to get it shortened so she could wear flats.


I ordered this dress as my wedding dress and I have to say, it was beautiful!  I had been looking at other dresses in store, and just 2 days before the wedding I had to pick a new dress online as nothing in the store was really working out.  I checked the required measurements, crossed my fingers when one of the sizes matched every single measurement, and ordered this dress.  I was super happy!  No alterations were needed, the dress looked great for my wedding.  I didn't want to go with white so I thought the pink was beautiful.  I was also a little pregnant at the wedding and this dress hides a belly very well.


I'm a petite lady and buying a dress without trying it on is a big no-no for me because most of the time dresses don't fit well on me. However, I took a chance on this dress (especially since it was a black friday sale) and I am very pleased with it! It's just a tad large on my shoulders but not enough that it matters and the straps stay on fine (if I need to I can use those sticky stuff used to keep clothing in place). It's a bit long on me but again not enough to matter (and really it makes it seem more stately being longer!). I am 114lbs and 5'1" with a 36B cup size if that helps and I bought the 4US size, and this dress fits me just fine. I do agree with some reviewers that the zipper is kind of a pain and snags easily. I've needed help with the zipper every time I've worn it although I haven't worn it publicly yet :'(


The color of this dress is amazing. It's a deep rich color and goes really well with my darker South Asian skin. I also love the drape of the fabric and the feel of it. All in all, very happy with my purchase. Now, just waiting for an occasion to actually wear it in public.


Edit: forgot to mention I got the red color!


Loved it!


This gorgeous dress was a perfect pick for my husband's graduation. I just had a baby, (wearing a medium) and have birthing hips and a bit of a pot belly still, but this gorgeous dress camouflaged it marvelously. My teenage sister exclaimed, "You look skinny again!" (THANKS!)


Working my way towards fitness, but empire waists will help me fake it till I make it! Loved this beautifully made dress and I'm so glad I bought it!


Beautiful! Ordered a size 4 ( I am 5'3" 120 lbs) and it fit perfect. I wore it for my 10 yr anniversary/vow renewal. Only drawback is the wrinkles - they are hard to get out. However, they didn't show in the pictures so all is well.


As a side note, this was actually a re-order, as I received the 1st dress the week before, but had to return it as there was a flaw in the fabric. My credit was processed immediately and new dress arrived in plenty of time.


I picked somewhat large only because amazon didn’t offer a rating for too long. The dress fit was just about spot on my only complaint I’m 5’1 and I had to have the dress altered its way to long even w 3” heels! Otherwise very cute and worth the money... you’ll spend more getting it altered unfortunately.


I purchased this dress out of desperation for an upcoming wedding I was in having not had luck finding one in store. I did not have high hopes for a $39 dress but alas it arrived, looked almost EXACTLY like the $150+ ones I had ordered that did not fit, was long enough (I'm 5"9) and fit perfectly with heels, no alterations needed. Highly recommend. The center panel on the chest is a bit more sheer in person than in photos but besides that the reviews run true on this item. Only negative was the color/fabric did absorb sweat and unfortunately showed a bit but for being in a pinch, it was really better than expected.


