This dress was amazing quality for only being $30.00!!! I was a bit skeptical about ordering a dress online, but this one came exactly how it was pictured! It fit extremely well, and I'm so happy I bought it. The only downside was one of the little clasps fell off, but it was easy to sew it back on, and the zipper was a bit difficult to zip, but it still worked. I highly recommend this dress!


pretty but the top sags in the center some and the sleeve holes seem overly large so it will show any bra or strapless bra you may have on. the bra support isn't much support so after having this alters to reduce the sleeve hole size I still needed a bra


Very pretty dress. However the material doesn’t stretch. If you are busty then order a size up from your normal size. Also this dress is very long. So you will need it hemmed or wear high heels. . Like 4” pumps. (If you’re shorter than 5’5)


This is a very pretty dress but if you are large chested like I am (38g) it unfortunately doesn't fit in the bust. I will have to return it, but it is a very lovely dress especially for the price!


Amazing quality. My daughter is 5'5 so it was about 2 inches too long as she prefers to wear flats.


Had it hemmed for about $22.


So happy!


Simple, elegant, and a great price for a wedding affair!


Dress was not as expected.  Had to pay $8.00 to return it which is not what the description said.  It stated "free returns".  Will not do business with this vendor again.


For the price I feel, it’s worth it. I’m 5’3” and have to hem it up at least 3” even when wearing 2” heels. I wear 34A bra and the straps are a little too long so have to take them in about Half an inch so they don’t fall off my shoulders. Bought size 4


gorgeous dress for so cheap! wore it to friend's wedding as a bridesmaid.


Didn't end up using it because I went with a diff one, but is very pretty and fits about as described. A little long on me but I am short. 5"4. Covered my 4inch heels a little too much. ;)


