Like other reviewers, I discovered that the important measurement is the bust. I ordered a size 12 which is my usual size but it was uncomfortably loose in the bust. I should've measured and ordered according to the size chart in the pics on the left. As the waist is high and the skirt flowing, those measurements are much less important.


As other reviewers also noted, the dress arrived in a plastic bag and is severely wrinkled. Fortunately I have time to order another dress in a size down and have it dry cleaned (I actually ordered a similar dress by the same company with a raised front to show off my shoes ;).


I consistently wear a size 4, but read the reviews and purchased both a size 4 and 6, with the option for free returns.  The 4 "fit" but was tight around my rib cage.  The 6 was a great fit.  I have a larger bust and a thinner frame (32 D), but the padding and support in the dress is perfect, so I don't have to wear a bra. That's great because the back of the dress is very low, so I know you would be able to see the bra.  Dress is true to the color as pictured. I needed a dress with the "petal" color from David's Bridal for a bridesmaids dress and this was a match.  Dress has a few thread strands sticking out and came very wrinkled, but for $30.00 it is great quality and very comfortable. Unlike other empire waist dresses I've tried, the dress falls straight down and doesn't make you look bigger than you are - very slimming.  I'm 5'6" and it was way too long, but I expected that.  My tailor is going to shorten and press it for me at the fraction of the cost of a wedding store, and I have plenty of time until the wedding.  This dress saved me over $120 compared to going to David's Bridal.


What I ordered and what I got in the mail are not the same. The dress is still cute, the same color, and the right size, but not the right dress.


I loved the dress. The color was spectacular, is very comfortable and good quality


It is important to measure the bust to hit in right size


I was a little big in the bust but only had to put padding there. The support in the bust area is good and you don't need bra.


I received many compliments for the color of dress


Fit a size 4 perfectly. You can't wear a bra with it if you have any girls at all because of the weirdly short bodice which other women have mentioned. It's padded so you don't have to wear one. I am 32DD and I would say if you are 34C or above I would consider getting the 6. Worst case you can fill the space in with a bra. I just (just) fit in the 4, and it was tight at the top of the zipper.


I am 5'6" and I wore it with flats. This was fine because it was for a costume party. If it were for a wedding/black tie event I would have preferred it to be longer so I could wear heels.


I also want to add that the fabric is fine but will not win any awards. It is not going to fool anyone that it is silk or any type of natural fiber. It doesn't look bad but no one will think you bought it at Saks.


It fits like it should.  It hides a lot of flaws in your body ( Stomach and hip area) Which I love.  It is elegant enough to wear to the Opera.


Bought 5 of these for my wedding.  I was happy with the quality (especially for the price point). The sizing was true to size and consistent.  All 5 of my bridesmaids have different body types and there were no sizing issues. The dresses were across the board really long, but 2 of my girls didn't have to get it hemmed since they were wearing heels. While the others who needed some alterations didn't have issues doing so. The dresses looked great, we got a lot of compliments on them, they were comfortable and they were flattering on every single one of my girls. The layers on the photo were a little stylized,  but I expected that. As for that customer service,  there were a couple - 1 was a mistake of mine; I ordered the wrong size but returning and reordering was easy. The other was they sent me the wrong style of dress, but again we were able to return and replace easily...


So my recommendation is to order the dresses giving reasonable time for any returns and alterations. Also, I ordered one dress first to make sure it was to my liking before I ordered the rest.


This dress is perfectly made, I would recommend it to anyone. Only problem we had with the dress,the shoulder strap is a little too long.


This dress is beautiful and it's almost perfect.  If you're short and small-chested (like me), the sizing is going to be off.  I weigh 128 pounds and I am a little over 5'3" tall (not quite 5'4") and I wear a 34B bra.  This thing POOLS on the floor a good 5 inches (I put on my tallest heels and it's still a good two inches too long) - I looked like a toddler trying to wear mama's dress.  Also, it's too loose in the bust and a bit too tight around the waist (I was able to zip it, but if I put on just one pound, it will be too big).  A size 8 would fall off of my shoulders but would've probably fit me a bit better around the waist.  This is probably a great dress for any gal over 5'6" (with a good pair of heels).


This dress was perfect for what i needed. I was worried about sizing but a size 4 worked well. I'm  5'4, 118lbs 26 waist 32c. Had to wear a push up bra with padding to fill out the top more. Certain bras will show in back,need a lower back bra. It was quite long, but im used to that and just held my dress up a little whenever i walked. It seriously seems about the same material and quality and some of the dresses at davids bridal. Defintely worth the buy!


