I bought this to wear for my sister's wedding as one of her bridesmaids. The color if perfect and it fits great. My only issue is that the dress was shorter than expected. I am 5'8" and the dress falls right on top of my feet so my feet are completely showing. I personally hate wearing flats (I never like the look of them) but they seem like the only option for this dress. I have a feeling that the dress is even too short for me to wear with flats so I may end up returning the dress. I suggest anyone that is tall reconsider getting this dress.


Beautiful dress. I actually ordered a size up thinking it would be small on the chest part (32DDD here), but then I had to tailor it! The colour is vivid and pretty. Used it for a wedding, felt fresh the whole time. It is really lightweight for a formal dress, I loved it.


This a gorgeous dress and fits like a dream.  I'm bottom-heavy and needed a dress that was elegant, but could hide my flaws and this dress is perfect.  I'm 5'3" and the length is perfect with 2" heels.


Once the wedding has past, I am certain I'll alter the dress into a shorter version and wear it for summer functions.


I purchased a size up just in case, but found that was not necessary. The dress is long, as I am 5'7 and wore a low heel and the dress still came to the ground. I did love the color and it was true to the picture. This is a pretty decent dress for what you pay for it. I would purchase more items from this company.


I read the rave reviews, and was hoping they were true - and they are!  This dress is absolutely lovely in person, though yes it does come quite wrinkled.  I took it to the tailor to get altered (I have to get most every dress tailored, so this is more due to my body type, not the dress) so hopefully they'll steam out the wrinkles before I get it back!


It definitely seems to be of good quality, and looks much more expensive than it is.  Even without the alterations (hemming and shortening the "straps") I got compliments on the dress looking amazing!


This is a beautiful dress and super affordable!  Wish it fit, though: I ordered a 14 and couldn't get the zipper past the under-bust band (42-36-43, for reference).  Tried to reorder in a larger size prior to a wedding but price was raised, and no Prime shipping/returns.


I did end up ordering several other dresses from Ever Pretty and they really are gorgeous!  Got 16s and way too big...need to be altered.


I ordered a size larger than I normally would, and I could easily have gone true to size with this. Shoulder straps are a little loose, but nothing crazy. The dress & color are lovely, just as shown, and much better quality than I was expecting for the price. Very happy.


I LOVE this dress. I ordered it for a cruise I'm going on in a few weeks. It got to me quicker than expected. It fits great! I'm 5'5", 165lbs, 36/38B-32-42 and I ordered a size 12. The straps are a little loose, but that's just due to being small chested. It is really long on me, but nothing some big heels can't fix. I also am in love with this color. I was pleasantly surprised with this purchase and would definitely order again!


I bought this in black for a friend's wedding in which I'm the officiant. The dress is really nice for the price. The lining feels a little bit cheap (I mean, it's $40, so....) but it looks really nice overall. I was also surprised that the lining is floor length, as I saw some other reviews saying it only goes half-way down. Maybe that varies by color? The fit was almost perfect (a little bit loose in the relevant part above the waist where the dress is the most fitted), but it's so close to perfect that I won't bother tailoring it.  I bought a size 6, I'm 5'4", 130 lbs, athletic build, and it's the perfect length in 3" heels.


Very Elegant dress, I normally wear a 14/16 in Lane Bryant clothing. I purchased this in a size 16 at the height of 5'0" and with a slight alteration to the hem to make the length user friendly for my height in heels. This dress over exceeded my expectation. So it is true to size.


