I wear a 34DD and I bought a size 10 because of the size of my breasts, I thought it was better a little large than too small I'll just get it fixed. it's padded so you don't really need a bra. Material feels good qualily.


This is not my first time shopping evening dresses from Ever Pretty. This dress fits perfect. i wore it to a wedding on Easter Sunday. Got lots and lots of compliments. I am 5 ft 7 inches tall, 36c bust,and 28 waist. the size 8 fitted just right.the fabric is not cheap look, very elegant and classy when u iron it. would recommend this dress.


I ordered a size 4 and a size 6 because I'm in between and it would be quicker and easier to order both and then return the one that didn't fit. Unfortunately, I was mailed two size 4 dresses. At least now I know I need the size 6, I just hope that one fits!


Otherwise, it's a pretty dress for the price. The zipper wasn't very good, but I'm sure it will be fine. It arrived wrinkled, but I expected that. When I get the right size, I'll have it steam ironed.


Love this dress.  It is very flattering to those that are pear shaped.  I am only 5'3" so it's a little long even with platform shoes.  I'll gladly get it altered as I love this dress and my husband does too!


Awesome dress for the price! Looks much more expensive!


I LOVED THE DRESS, IT'S ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL. I HAD A PROBLEM WITH THE CHEST BEING TO SMALL AND DIDN'T LIKE THE PADS PRE-STITCHED INSIDE, I THINK THEY SHOULD BE REMOVABLE IF ANYTHING.


Dress fit perfect. The cooler received was beautiful but it's not even close the the blue on the screen. Love the cold but it was just not what I thought I was buying. Would be a 5 though the color doesn't match.


This is a very cute dress, and fits well. For me, having a larger chest, it is very snug across the top. But… Almost everything is. I think it fits as one could expect it to, the length and the material is very good, and the color is beautiful.


WOW. Fits like a glove. I'm usually 34\XS in shirts and dresses, and S\36 in pants and it worked PERFECT! I only needed to shorten it (because I'm 149 cm\4'9), but the compliments I got worth the another expenses.


This dress is beautiful and fit me very well. I am 5"2 and 150 lbs and this dress is very slimming! The v neck and v back create an illusion of being skinnier, which is a plus. I bought this dress for a wedding and family photos. The venue was outdoor and unfortunately, the quality of dress was apparent in the bright sunlight. You could totally see through the dress despite having shape wear AND a Slip on underneath. It was also difficult to find a bra to go with the dress since it has a unique back.


Overall, I would say I am happy with the dress but it would have been more appropriate for an indoor party or event requiring less photographs!!


