Beautiful dress..i bought the pink dress in size 4 because there was no option of size 2 which I normally wear. But it fit perfectly and I received a lot of compliments. I will buy other colors too.


It really fit like a (tight) glove in the shoulders/bust, but that ended up being great. Once zippered, it felt snug and lovely and had a corset like effect. Im marking as somewhat small for this reason, but I dont know if Id have been as happy with the size up (6 instead of 4). Providing this detail to be helpful.


Such nice material and a really lovely yellow shade. Im not the best packer and bringing this jammed in a bag to the wedding, it wasnt wrinkled either. Perfect for that 'only wear once' formal occasion we all occasionally get pulled into. Ill look to give away so its not a waste, but it will be hard to part with because it is pretty : )


I purchased this dress for my bridesmaids in my wedding, in Lavender purple. The material was so lightweight and "flowed" beautifully! The style was flattering for all shapes and sizes. The Empire waist allowed for a more full figured woman to wear this dress with confidence because of the way it provides coverage on the tummy area. My only critique would be that the neckline was a bit too low for my taste so we had to adjust a little. Other then that I would re comes this dress to any woman looking for a comfortable, affordable and beautiful formal gown!


Dress is beautiful and quality material however the sizing is the issue. I ordered both a size 10 and a size 12. The 12 actually fits better than the 10 because it's SMALLER. It's almost like the tags should be swapped. The 10 is wider, looser and longer than the 12.


This dress fitted perfectly. No alterations. I am 5 ft and 120  lbs and i ordered a size 4.  i had no issues with the length or the fit. The material is great, if a little transparent.


make sure you order a larger size due to the fact they always run a little snug


Not the worst dress I've bought online, not the best either. It does fit a 16 as expected, but the straps are tight which makes the back uncomfortable. It also doesn't have the piece of fabric in the front between the breasts...


Overall, it is pretty flattering and I'm fairly satisfied, but I'm going to have to do more alterations than expected before I can wear this for a wedding.


I was pleasantly surprised with this! It was exactly as pictured. I'm 5' 6'' 115lbs and ordered the size 4. It was tight but fit as I wanted it to. Although the waist of the dress is higher than my natural waist it was still very flattering. It's about .5-1 inch longer than the ground so it will be difficult to wear tall heels with the dress. Also the back is lower so wearing a typical bra will prove challenging. Front is definitely padded though so for some a bra may not be necessary. Happy with the purchase.


Great dress


Fits better than expected. I just love it!


