Pretty dress and well made, but very long. Even in 3" heels it dragged on the ground by another 2" (I'm 5'7"). Also the under arm gap was snug and uncomfortable and the straps kept sliding off. A different body type than mine would probably fit in this dress perfectly, too bad. Returning dress and trying another "ever pretty" style next time.


Perfect size for me and true to my standard dress size, which is 8. The sizing chart seemed to suggest a size 10 however so I am happy I ordered my usual size. After a quick trip to the dry cleaner to get the wrinkles out, this dress will be perfect for my engagement party! Very pleased!


The material is light and flowing and for the price, it's much better than I expected... Built in bra seems to be in good order and the material is not sheer or see through (yay!), although light colored undergarments are suggested.


Overall, a good bargain so far, and EXACTLY what I wanted for my party.


I chose these dresses in coral for my bridesmaids. One is 5'6" 130lbs and the size 6 fit her perfectly. No alterations at all, even the length is perfect. The other bridesmaid is 7mos pregnant and we ordered her a size 16. The empire waist comes up over her baby bump and it looks completely adorable on both girls. The alterations needed on the size 16 are minimal, just a matter of taking the straps up a bit and taking it in under her arms a little. This is a super versatile dress and it's light for an outdoor summer wedding. The coral is bright and summery. I couldn't be happier with these. And the price can't be beat.


After looking at every single store imaginable (besides a bridal shop) for a long black dress for a wedding I am in I decided to look on Amazon. I had a few dresses picked out but after reading review after review I chose this dress. If you were like me debating should I do it, should I not... DO IT!! It fits absolutely perfect. I honesty wasn't going to give 5 stars but I don't see anything wrong with it. I am a bridesmaid in my friends wedding next week and this dress is a great price and came within 2 days! The only thing I had to do was take it to the dry cleaners because it is wrinkly when you get it and I needed 2 inches taken off. I am 5'4" and 135 lbs. I am athletic build so dresses typically don't always fit correctly but it fits PERFECT. I was a size 6 in a wedding 2 years ago and I chose to go with that size and I am so glad that I did because a 4 would've been too tight. It's also great because I don't have to worry about a bra and it's very, very comfortable. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!


I purchased this in a size 16 and it was too small. I was planning to wear it as the mother of the bride, but I returned it. However, the OTHER mother of the bride purchased the exact same dress and it fit her perfectly! She loved it and was beautiful in it! Very nice dress and color.


This dress is perhaps the most wonderful item that I've purchased for myself. It was for my daughters wedding, which all Mother's know is an Occasion that is beyond description. What I guess I'm trying to say that this dress, designer and company went well and truly beyond my expectations. If I could give them 10 stars I would.  The dress fit as the size chart indicated, the color was EXACT and the quality was well beyond my expectations considering the cost.  I strongly back this company and would put my money where my opinion is.


This dress is gorgeous.  I wish it would have fit me.  I wear a 16 in all other dresses but I couldn't zip this one.  I do wear a 40D and the only place it was tight was around my bust.  Thankfully this company offers free returns on this size.


Fits slightly small if not EXACTLY right, if I were keeping it I would try a size up. I really like the top, very flattering, and was able to wear a bra as well. The top has shaped cups so could easily be bra free. I'm also 29 so IDK what's up with the "junior" in the title? I'm pretty sure it didn't actually change anything about the dress or its construction. Really nice color too!


I wasn't sure what to expect from a mail order bridesmaid dress, but it turned out to be a excellent value. The color is a rich deep plum and matches all of the other purple dresses in the Ever Pretty line. My daughter's bridesmaids are wearing while the maid of honor is wearing the similar  Ever Pretty Womens Floor Length Semi Formal Evening Dress. Once the wedding takes place I will try to upload a picture.


This dress is a great bargain! It fit was a bit long, both in the skirt and the straps (we needed the size for the bust), but that was easily fixed. A quick alteration took care of both issues. The material flows very well and it looks gorgeous. The only drawback was the tag which was actually sown into the dress. Removing it caused one of the stitches in the waist to pop, but once again, that was easily fixed.


