Fit perfectly in every aspect but I couldn't quite zip it to the top. Beautiful dress. Going to hang onto it with hope, because a size larger would be too large in other areas


It is a pretty dress and I like that it had the insert in the front that allows you to wear a bra with this dress.  The straps were a little long but I have a short torso and am 5'3.  The blue color is beautiful.  I ultimately returned it because I was looking for something a little different


Lovely dress. Fit as expected and looked great on for a wedding I attended.


5’9” size 14


This dress was purchased for my daughter’s homecoming dance. The fit was perfect. The dress did go a little low in the chest area but nothing too extreme. My beautiful tomboy hates dress shopping but when I showed her this she agreed to give it a try. She was beaming with joy and I could tell she felt as beautiful as she looked. The other moms couldn’t believe we ordered it from Amazon. I highly recommend this beautiful dress!


Beautiful dress.  I usually wear size 8, but this was a little small around the chest area, so had to go with a size 10. Fit perfectly.  Very good quality dress.  Great coral color. Happy with this purchase


It has no stretch in the bodies or breast, fitted in the breast area and waist. It measure 33 I got a 14 use the waist measurement when buying. It's had a high waist.


I'll admit that I was trying to get something for nothing and there is no such thing. First, I had to return the 4 and get a 6 because it is sized small (I am normally a 2 or 4). Returning was ok and I got the new one in an acceptable time frame, but the first time I tried it on, the zipper broke and the fabric tore. UGH!  It fit, fine, went to take it off and the zipper completely stuck in the middle (with fabric stuck in it as well) and ultimately broke...as I was wrestling with it, the fabric tore and now there is a hole. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. Boo. Don't think I can actually wear it now.


I previously reviewed this dress and gave it a bad review by accident. I mixed up this one with another dreas I had to return. This dress was perfect for my cousins wedding. I received lots of compliments on the dress. I woupd recommend this dress. It is very true to size so make sure you measure accurately.


This dress is so lovely. :) I've 5' 3" and if I had worn heels, the dress wouldn't have touched the ground! (it only touched like an inch or two). I got the smallest size and the chest area was slightly too big for me, even with a bra on (I have a small chest though) but other that than it's great. :)


It was well made, though a bit tight under the bust. Looked wonderful at a great price, and was perfectly happy with it.


