Perfect fit! I am 5'6, 28" waist, 34B cup, and appr. 36" hip measurement (wear size 6-8 Hanes underwear). I ordered size 6. The top fits perfect..not too loose nor tight. It has room for a larger bust to fit in and will still look nice. The dress material from the waist flows nicely over my hips and doesn't make my body look out of proportion. I am looking forward to the time I can wear this out for my anniversary and holiday parties/gatherings.


Great dress!  I bought this for a formal military ball.  I normally wear a size 12 (5'8" ~150lbs) and purchased that size.  It was a PERFECT fit except for the length (I wore low heels) so I had to get it shortened which was not a big deal.  Can't wait for an occasion to wear it again!!


Love the dress. It fits well at the bodice but the length of the dress is far too long. I am 5 ft 6 160 and 36b. I got a 12. I dont have a clue how to sew. But maybe I can find a taylor.


This dress was flowy and very elegant. I wore it to a friends wedding. The only thing I would recommend is to buy a slip or wear white underwear because the bottom half is a bit transparent. The dress fit like a much more expensive one and the quality was good.


My daughter is in between 8 and 10 for Ever Pretty sizing chart, so I have to sew the dress to make it fit.  She normally wears size 6 - 8.


Well made and flowy just ran too small for me


Nice dress and fits well. Purchased XXL as I am a size 16. My only complaint is that the dress was shorter than I wanted. I am 5'4" and it came to my ankles without shoes. Purchased for a wedding; it was hotter than expected and I felt like I was drenched, but the dress didn't show it!


Great dress. Great quality but fit a little big. I could have easily fit a full size smaller. But otherwise the dress was great. The correct color advertised. Will definitely buy from them again when I need a dress. This is a bridesmaid dress for a friends wedding.


Beautifl dress! Sizing table was accurate. Just be sure to buy the size based on your largest measurement. I purchased based on bust size and waist did not fit.


Be aware it is very long (I am 5'7", and with 3-4 inch heels it was still touching the floor). Very beautiful dress otherwise


