The straps are a little long, making the top a little big.  Should be a simple alteration and once altered, no hemming required!  I am 5' 4".  The fabric lining is cheap and thin so the yellow dress is see-through and requires a half-slip. I think it will be nice with a lace bolero for a country wedding.


Pretty color, zipper works fine, perfect length (I'm 5'8"), fabric is a slightly  textured chiffon with a nylon knit lining. Not the highest quality fabrics but ok for my purpose - going to use it as a base for a costume. Minus one star because I'm a 38D and the inner bra is not supportive enough, but wearing a regular underwire bra will show in back.


Update : I had the shoulders taken up and pinned it a little underneath, bought a cheap slip and it ended up being beautiful.  Luckily I only had to invest another $20. This dress really is a perfect bridesmaid dress. 3 of the other bridesmaids paid $79 to $149 for their dresses and the two Ever pretty dresses were just as pretty.


I ordered a size 10 based on my measurements according to the Ever Pretty size chart and other reviews. I'm 5'4" , 139 lbs , 38 total bust circumference and unfortunately the dress is big.( I wear size 11 in normal clothes 36 C in bras )  The straps are loose so it hangs down too low on my chest , it's completely see through and a little too wide and frumpy kind of maternity like.  It makes me look twice my size.  What I do like about it is the bust is padded so no bra needed and the length is perfect without having to be hemmed. Usually everything is way too long.  Also I viewed the color on a galaxy , an iPhone and my computer and it's not the same yellow as  in the picture. It's a darker yellow. )-:  Don't worry so much about your waist and hips as it's a loose dress. What matters is the bust but  in my opinion just your bra band size.  Hope this helps anyone out there my size but we all know how even the same sizes in the clothing itself can vary from piece to piece.


Need to return for smaller size. I'm usually an 8 or 10, but size 6 fits me in this dress. Hoping to get the wrinkles out. I don't like how the slip underneath only goes to knees, doesn't look right. But it is a pretty dress. I purchased white to wear for my wedding reception.


This would be a very nice maternity dress. I bought it for my 16 year old size 4. Had to go shopping, huge disappointment


The dress is beautiful but is slightly large in the chest (which is odd as nothing is ever loose on my 36DDD chest). Everything else about the dress is perfect.


call my wife


Ordered a 12, got a 14.


fine


Make sure you use the size chart!! I am normally a size 0/2 but checked the chart to make sure it was going to be long enough. I am only 5' 7" but I had to buy a size 6 for it to be the correct length. Even now I can only wear it with flats and had to get the bust taken in.


