The color is nice but the sizing runs very small


Needed in a rush for a bridesmaid. Had to have the length taken up some but fit perfectly for the big day.


Wow! What a bargain! The price was so low I did not expect it to be a keeper, but it is easily worth five times the price I paid.


  This dress is perfect for any spring occasion requiring a long dress. It is comfortable, as well as pretty. I can't wait to wear it to my granddaughter's wedding. With a white lace jacket and a white hat I am ready for an outdoor April wedding.


The material had a still feeling to it that I didn't like.


Very pretty, but couldn't zip it over my daughter's rib cage and not enough stretch for playing cello.


It was such a cheap material that some seams were coming out when I opened the package. It's see through, so you either have to wear a slip underneath or go commando, neither of which is appealing. I would not wear this dress again even if someone paid me to.


This dress is beautifull, confortable, good made and material. The measure are like they described. Im 5.9, 135 lb, 34 C on bra and I bought a 6 and fit perfect, even with 3 inch shoes.


While the sizing of the dress is true to size, the neckline is quite low and the shoulder straps are a bit long. The color is absolutely beautiful and the cut flattering even to a large busted woman. I will have to have it taken up; I'm 5'4", but will use the excess fabric to make a modesty panel for the bodice so I don't fall out.  I am impressed by the quality and workmanship of this garment. It's a real surprise for the price, and the fabric is quite fine.


the back of the dress is quite low so you will not be able to use a bra with it. Also the fabric is quite see through so use color appropriate underwear!


It's a simple elegant dress. I bought size 12 based on reviews however when it came and I fitted it the top was way too big. The length was perfect. I am 5'6" tall. I returned it for a size 10 and also for the Coral instead of the red. The material used for the lining looked cheap hence it did not give the dress the flow I am looking for.


