I bought this dress as a bridesmade dress for a relatives wedding. When i got it, i tried it on and it fit snug in some places and super loose in others. Plus i am 5’5 and it was extrememly long on me to where it was dragging on the floor and i can trip myself by walking. I had to get it fixed at the shop to fit me properly. Another thing is, you have to wear a bra with this dress as it doesnt provide bra padding. But at the same time you cant wear a bra because any type of bra that you wear, it will show due to the dress design. Its a lose - lose situation for the boobs.


I bought this as my wedding dress. I bought the size based on my bust measurements, not my normal dress size. Usually I would wear a size 4 dress, but after reading a few reviews decided to buy based on a closer measurement to just my bust and it fits perfectly! It is a bit long for me seeing as I am only 5' 2", but it will easily be hemmed.


I ordered this dress last minute before a friend's wedding. I was amazed at how nice it looked. I'm 5'3" and the flowy outer layer was a little long... but nothing terrible, just had to hold it as I walked. I imagine it is an easy alteration but as I said it was last minute. ( I recieved the dress Friday night and the wedding was Saturday afternoon ). I highly recommend this dress, I am thinking about ordering in another color as well.


Absolutely beautiful. I purchased size 16 (which is my actual size). I weigh approx 198lbs and I am 5'7" tall. Dress was a good fit. I did not follow measurements provided. Arrived with few wrinkles. Light ironing took care of that. I am 38DD. Some cleavage shown. Thin material (not see thru) which is nice on a warm day. Back zipper seemed kind of cheap. Take your time when zipping it up or down. Padded, so no bra is requiered. Length size reached close to the ankles. I received many compliments. Ok for women with large bust in this size. Good luck.


This is a beautiful dress once I found the one that fits me.  Took me 3 tries to get the right size.  I ordered a 16 and it was way too large, tried a 14 and also too large.  Settled on a 12 that fits great.  I am a size 16 (190 lbs, 5'4", C cup).  Definitely order according to your bust size.  The rest of the dress is basically once size fits all (except for length).  The size 12 is just the right length for me.  The 16 was very long and I was stepping on it.


It always makes me crazy when people post reviews of things like this and say, "it fit perfectly" but don't mention what size they got or what size they are so other people know what size might fit them. So, maybe TMI but I am 5'4", about 160 lb, and a 36D. I ordered the size 8 and it fit beautifully. I got so many compliments on this dress. As other reviewers stated, it is frustrating and near impossible to get the wrinkles out of this dress, thus the 4-star review.


I'm going to keep it.  The straps feel a little weird, as if they don't lay flat.  But it's OK and looks fine including the straps.  I love the bottom - it's like tulle almost, with a nice smooth layer overtop.  I'm 5 foot 4.5 inches and the length is to the floor but doesn't drag.  I'm going to couple it with a black shawl.  It's definitely best for people with a small bust I would think.  I love the empire style and the nice definition of the waist.  I like V28 Women V-neck Cap Sleeve Empire Waist Over Sized Maxi Casual Beach Dress a little better, size 8/10.  (On the other hand, the Koh Koh dress I got Women's Stunning Kimono Sleeve Floral Print V-Neck Maxi Dress - Medium - Turquoise is being returned.  It doesn't have the waist definition and while it fits well, it's a bit too long and looks bad without the waist definition.)


Very pretty dress and comfortable. I bought this to wear for my sister's wedding in a couple of weeks. I originally got a size 10 but it was a bit too big. It's more fitted at the top and flairs out so you have some 'flow' room at the hip. I returned it and got an 8 and it fit perfectly. The return process was easy and fast. I only gave 4 stars because it is very see-through. It's a tad long, but everything is long on me I'm only 5'3". I'll be wearing heels with it so I think it will be ok.  It's pretty as it is but since it's a bridal party dress I'm going to add a silver and pearl decorative button to the center. Overall, very pleased with it for the price!


I don't usually write reviews but felt I had to for this. I am extremely pleased with this dress, which I wore it to a wedding tonight. We had to stop at the grocery store on the way home, and a teenage girl there with her friends stopped and told me the dress looked really good on me. I am 5' 4.5", 145 lbs., 34D, and bought a size 8 to be sure it would fit up top. It did, and the girls were in place with a few strips of duct tape with gauze pads covering the sensitive areas. I wore 3" heels, and the length was perfect as long as I took short strides, but I had to hold it up outside because it was raining. It was wrinkled, but what do you expect after pulling it out of a bag? A warm iron solved that problem in a few minutes. I am very happy and would buy another dress from this company.


