Pretty dress, unfortunately I had to return. The coral is much bolder than in the picture.


This is a really beautiful dress for the price. I can see this being a multi-purpose dress and the style is rather classic, so something you could have for many years. I had to return it because it did not fit my bust. If you have a larger-than-average bust (above DD cup size) this dress will likely not work for you. I have no issue with cleavage (indeed, there's no getting around it with this dress)!  BUT there is not enough fabric under the arms to cover a large bust.  I am normal-sized in terms of my shoulders/arms/waist, but my bust is out of proportion, so normally I would order a size or two up to cover my bust and alter the dress straps or sew the extra fabric on the underside of the arms to cover side-boob. There is not enough fabric to do this, so you are rather screwed. IF you have a normal sized bust (DD or under cup size), you will love this dress!


I was picked for my school's Honor Guard/ Honor Usher which is an award and recognition of sorts for the juniors that have a 3.5 or higher gpa. My school had some strict dress rules for the girls, the dress had to be long, modest , pastel colored, with straps. This dress is well made for the price, and met all the requirements.


This dress is long, but that was to be expected, as I am only 5'6". This was my first online dress purchase and has worked out wonderfully. There are a few wrinkles but they are easy to get out, and the zipper works just fine. The material on the inside is soft and very comfortable.


I had measured by my chest, but the top is too big for my smaller C cup sized chest. I ordered the size 12, and it fits perfectly through the part right under my chest, but this can be fixed with minor alterations. This is a wonderful product, and saved me lots of money by meeting my school's standards. And overall a great first online dress purchase for me.


Beautiful dress! Color is a luscious, rich green, perhaps a shade darker than it appears in the photo, but that may just be a factor of lighting (studio lighting for product photo vs dim household lighting). Incredibly comfortable, lovely flowing skirt, modest but flattering bodice. Purchased as a bridesmaid dress, and I couldn't love it more. I'm typically a size 12 in dresses (just under 5'5", 178lbs, wide athletic frame, 36C chest), but the 12 was too big and the 10 fits beautifully with a little extra room to dance! If you are busty, you'll probably do well in your usual dress size. If you're smaller chested like me, you might want to consider trying a little smaller.


The dress was comfortable, beautiful, the style seemed to fit my body type moderately well, and I greatly appreciated the extra size chart to help order the size closest to what I wear. It would just be nice if companies like this were able to offer less "cookie cutter" type sizes so someone like me who is short with a small chest and generous hips might be able to find a dress that doesn't require 4 inch heels and stuffing socks into the bra to fit properly. But shipping was fast, and despite my irritation at not finding sizes that fit ME properly, it did fit the way I expected it to. I ended up having to re-order the dress and return the first one because I'd accidentally ordered based on Amazon's size chart instead of the company's, but there have were no issues, and I received my refund on the first dress in a timely manner.


For a long time I've seen this dressed on Amazon and I've looked past it because the picture look just okay online. I decided to buy it on impulse for as a last minute dress and absolutely loved it. I ordered this dress in my normal size 14 and it fit perfectly. The cut is very low in the front. I have larger breasts so it showed a lot of cleavage. If you're not okay with cleavage you will have to get some alterations done. I ordered this in black, and got so many compliments throughout the night. No one believed I got this from Amazon or that it cost $40. I was ordering dresses $150+ from other retail stores and hated all of them because they weren't comfortable. The back also has a nice deep v cut shape but not too low where my Spanx showed from under my dress. The dress fit so comfortably I really didn't need shape-wear. I would recommend this dress to anyone, and for other weddings I will have to try the other colors!


 I just received this dress. I got something completey different. Different style and color.  It only is not the correct dress but it is poorly made and cheap. He seam is running down the front, cheap lining, as strings hanging all over. I'm very very upset. I've ordered two other dresses as well.


I originally bought this dress to wear on a formal night on a cruise. I had ordered a few different dresses from Amazon to try on and this was the only one I kept. By profession, I am a wedding musician, and since that cruise, I have worn this dress to several weddings, and it has held up remarkably well to me lugging sound equipment through outdoor wedding venues. I'm very impressed with this dress!


You cannot go wrong with this dress for $29. I am an all natural 34H/I and my bust fit in this dress and looked great without a bra. The front is padded too so you don't have to worry about nipping out either. It fit like a glove in all the right places. I'm 5'8 and it was long enough that I wore a 3-4 inch heel. If you are shorter you will need to hem it. The color was even prettier in person and I got tons of compliments on it. No one could believe it was only $29. I wore this for a formal evening birthday bash but it would work for a ball or wedding too. Shipped quickly also. Love, Love, Love.


The dress looked very pretty, but the fit is painfully horrible! I am 5'2 35/26/35 - I ordered a medium because of reviews saying it ran small. I couldn't even get it all the way zipped up because it was so tight, and the arm holes cut into me even without being fully zipped. The design is made to lift the breasts unaturally high, so the sleeve straps are too short in order to pull up. Bottom line - the only part of this dress that wasn't painful and fit well was the actual cup size - I am a nearly B, and it fit snug to show lots of cleavage. Definitely not as expected from the picture. I do not reccomend this dress unless you can afford alterations.


