The dress was pretty much as described, but it was bit too big for me.  I could have used a size 10 maybe even an 8.  I am 5'9" and dress just hit the floor.  If I had a smaller size may have been too short...


This dress was perfect for the one occasion, I was the bride's maid for my sister's wedding and the price was awesome.....


This dress was pretty but even following the manufacturer's sizing chart, it was too big.


I have to agree that the way it comes packaged is probably not the best for this material.  Not sure if was a defect in the sizing of this particular dress, but I ordered a 12 they accidentally shipped a size 10 (which would normally be the size for my dresses) and was clearly 2 sizes too small.  For this dress, I ordered based on the measurement guide provided and recommendation of another purchaser to use the bust size.


beautiful, form fitting gorgeous dress! Cannot tell it was less than $50.00!!! We had a small courthouse wedding and didn't want to be too extravagant so this what the perfect route!! my wife was 5 months pregnant (5'4) and a large fit her but an extra large would have been more easy to zip up. I highly recommend this!!


Fitted perfectly.  I am 195lbs, 36D bust and dress fitted perfectly.  Fabric was not as thin as I thought actually not see through and I was quite happy with that.  I am also 5ft 6 and length is on my ankles so I am also happy with length.


Great buy.  Only thing is I ordered the green wished I had taken the Red.


Wore this to prom. It was perfect.


This dress is really pretty. It fits perfectly. The only thing I need to do is get it hemmed. I’m short though so that’s not a surprise at all. The one thing I’d say isn’t great is that the bottom is a tiny bit see through. I’ll have to buy a slip or some form of undergarment.


I'm a size 14/16 and this dress was WAY too small.  It is unfortunate because it is gorgeous and a beautiful color but I couldn't make it work.


Nice dress for the price, but the modesty panel is see through, so not much modesty there.


