You cannot beat this dress for the cost! It was PERFECT for a Navy Dining Out. And the color is so deep and such an amazing green. The fit and quality were amazing. The only complaint is it was a little long, I would much prefer that to too short. Wonderful dress, ridiculous deal, perfect color. No worries about requiring a bra, because the built in support was plenty, and i have a large chest. So comfortable!


I got this dress as my bridesmaid dress. It fits perfectly. I'm about 133lbs and 5'5". I wore 2" heels and the skirts touched the ground. The style is simply elegant. The only reason it gave it a 4 star is the front of the bust is still too low for me. It showed too much skin. Other than that I love this dress.


Love this dress! It fits true to size just make sure you measure yourself accurately before you place the order. The color is also just what I expected. It's great quality for the price! It fits and feels great and it looks good at lots of body shapes! It also got here super quick which was nice. Very happy with this purchase!


Nice dress.  Very fair price.  Nice padded chest so no bra required.  Fit exactly as their size chart measured but I ignored the hip measurements bc of the higher waistline.  Zipper has a sticky spot but it functions for now.  I got a burgundy collar and it matched the shade in the photo.  I really like it


This dress was very flattering for my pear shape, and comfortable to boot! This was the perfect, reasonably-priced dress for a fun event that I attended. I'd definitely buy it again, and recommend it to those who want something from the center of the comfortable/reasonably priced/pretty venn diagram.


Beautiful dress. I'm taking one star away because of the difficulty I had removing the wrinkles. What I finally did was lightly spray with starch. Then got it as flat as possible on the ironing board. With a flat white pillow case on top and a hot steam iron I was able to slowly but carefully iron out the wrinkles. Very tedious.


This dress was slightly larger than I expected but it wasn't to large to wear. I purchased the red color and its a dark cherry red. The fabric is of decent  quality and doesn't look cheap. However I the feel of the fabric is not the same as a more expensive dress would tend to be. The fit of the dress is nice with no problems moving or dancing. Im 150lbs 5'3" and with 3" heels I did not need any alterations. I purchased a size 8. I wore this to a military ball and got several compliments.


I am having a destination wedding and purchased 7 of these dresses in peach for my bridesmaids who all live in a different country. The dress is absolutely gorgeous, they do not look like they cost $30. I love the v shaped back, it adds elegance to the style; the front is beautiful as well and is padded so if desired, a bra isn't needed. In my opinion, the dresses are true to size but are flexible as well (I'm normally an 8 which fit great but the 10 fit me even better) if that helps? They do come a bit wrinkled but all I had to do is run a hot shower for 15-20 minutes and allowed the dresses to sit hanging in the steamy room. Gorgeous dresses I can't wait to see my ladies in them!


Wore this to two different weddings this year. Bought a size 10, and had it altered by a local tailored (hemmed and adjusted the armhole area to be a bit smaller). I thought it ran a little small, fit more like an 8, but the fit was overall fine. I got a lot of compliments on the color and cut, and it was really comfortable to wear all day and night.


I spent a long time looking for an affordable yet elegant dress and this one did not disappoint! I also needed it in a hurry for an event and it got to my house in just three days! As previous posts said, it does come a little wrinkled but it got here so quickly I have time to dry clean it so that's no problem. Overall it looks gorgeous-the bust fit me a little tighter than expected (and I'm not a busty girl) but it still works. I ordered a size 4 and I'm 5'8, 134lbs, 34B, I would absolutely recommend this dress!


