Beautiful dress.  It was just a bit too long for my 5;5" frame.  Quality is good and the fit was perfect!


Dress fit perfect.  Looks great.


Arrived quickly. Beautifully made gown. Support cups allow no bra to be worn comfortably. Am purchasing in more styles and colors for upcoming wedding


Beautiful dress with a comfy fit! Love the color and length... can not wait to wear to party!


I read a lot of reviews before I purchased this dress in pink. I read lots of complaints about the dress being wrinkled. Ok, so yes it was but seriously have you ever order clothing online? It usually comes in a bag and it's wrinkled. The wrinkles came right out. Here's the secret: set your iron on the very lowest setting. Have a spray bottle of water handy. Spray the area you're going to iron with water. Work in sections, keep moving the iron, NEVER let it stay in one spot for more than a few seconds. Obviously, every iron is different. You may want to test in an unseen area first.


The pink dress is slightly sheer. I could see the padding in the top and it will need a slip underneath so the underwear won't be visible. I ended up taking the padding out because it looked bad.


The quality is good, not great. You're not going to get Vera Wang for 50 bucks! So forget that.


The dress fits true to size. I'm 5' 7" and 145lbs. I'm a bit on the busty, side 32DD, so I ordered an 8. Lastly, in flats this dress would brush the floor for me but I have my heart set on heels... So it's about 4" too short. Because I have made some alterations to the dress and may still end up wearing it, I'll keep it.


The fit was perfect and overall very pretty dress and a wonderful price. It was horribly wrinkled though and none of us could get the wrinkles out. I tried the spray and release wrinkle guard, steaming and finally ironing. The wrinkles just laughed at everything and refused to budge. At least all of us were wrinkled like that so it looked uniformed.


I had to return this because it was too large, I ordered one size smaller and it fit well


Nice quality for the price!


It fit perfect.  might just adjust the straps due to breast size but it is easy fit...


Awesome dress! Seriously, my dress was just as nice as the ones that I saw other bridesmaids wearing who paid over $100. True to color (navy blue), ordered the wrong size originally and they were able to switch it out NO PROBLEM! Really awesome.


