Super happy with this purchase. I felt super glam and everybody loved it. Got compliments all night. I wanted to post because I usually have trouble finding long sleeve items that fit my arms because that's where I tend to carry my weight. I ordered in XL and I was so thrilled that there were no issues. Stretchy, comfortable. No slipping. No adjusting all night. Good quality. All around great dress. Im in love. With flash on its navy and with less lighting it appears dark navy/almost black.


It was a little tighter then I would have liked. But still nice


Very pretty dress. had to send back, not that it wasn't pretty..because I am long waisted and it do the dress justice.


Beautiful! I ordered a size smaller than I normally wear and it is still a little loose. It still looks great though so I'm very happy. The quality is great as well.


I would order a size up. The material is very nice, it is a beautiful dress. It did get caught on a few things like jewelry but it didn't harm the fabric at all.


I got lots of great comments on this dress. The underlay and shoulder area have great no slip banding to keep everything in place. Lace material is heavy and a good quality. My only complaint is that it was a little bulky around the waist due to the pleating to make the skirt full, so it gave a bit of a heavy mid-section appearance.


Love this dress! The lacey part is very soft and has give in the material. I bought this dress specifically to wear to my marriage ceremony. Im 5'7" and 160, I ordered the medium, definetly will have to wear shareware underneath, but hoping to loose 10lbs


This dress is gorgeous, purchased it for my cousins wedding. The lace is pretty, has a built in bra so you really don’t need one, very very happy with the way it fit


I cannot explain how much I love this dress. It fits so well and it’s stretchy. The lace is soft and not itchy. It’s a very classy dress. The quality is amazing for the price. It’s hands down my favorite dress. Looking forward to attending more events so I can wear it


This is a very nice dress...but it does have a seem right under the chest - not flattering at all if you have a large chest.


