Absolutely elegant. I love the style, and the dress just flows. It's so flattering, I'm going to order it in other colors, too.


Love everything from the color, the lace to the fit!


Loved the dress. Very cute but does run a little big. Ordered a large and returned for a medium. I'm between a size 10-12.


Love it! Fits great! Got a small. I usually wear medium. Got many complements.


Nice dress... but at first I choose a Medium size, and reading the reviews I changed for a Small size.. And for that, I bought a smaller dress that I couldn't use it. Is a beautiful dress, but buy your normal size. I'm 1.60 centimeters height and 141 pounds weight.


This dress was amazing. It is comfortable, stretchy enough, and fit exactly as I expected it to. I have fairly broad shoulders and a large chest so I was worried but it exceeded my expectations. Quality feels good, I haven’t worn it to my event yet though. I am 5’3” and 240 pounds. I typically wore a 2X and that is what I ordered here.


We received the dress very quickly and it fits well, although it's a small and she usually wears x-small.. We were a bit concerned, as my daughter's measurements are smaller than the measurements listed for a size small (she usually takes x-small), but it fits her well, so it might run smaller than the measurements listed.


I ordered this in size L and did not honestly think it would be this nice. I wore it to a wedding. It was comfy and stretchy and gorgeously soft. Just the right lining. Very beautiful and I had it all rolled in a bag for traveling with 0 wrinkles.


Photo makes it look like there is a flowy A-line skirt.  NOT true! The bottom is skin tight.  Also, dress comes in two pieces - the underslip and a lace over layer.  Cute in picture, but NOT in real life!


Love it! I got a medium after reading reviews trying to see if someone was similar to me. I normally get a large. I think if I would have gotten a small then my arms and shoulders wouldn't be comfortable.  I am a 5'6 160lbs broad shoulder body type girl I would say blessed in the rear end. Normally dresses are too short in the back for my comfort but this dress is right at my knees. It isn't too tight on my arms or shoulders! Love it!


