SO cute and comfy! It’s stretchy material and is very flattering. Definitely true to size. I’m 5’ 5” And 145 and ordered a Medium. It hits my knee perfect and will be great for a gala I’m attending.


I'm 5.6ft, 160lb, 38c and I ordered L. It fits just right. Not tight, not loose, and very comfortable, even look slender in this dress.


This dress is so beautiful! I am 5'2 165 and I got a large fit perfect not tight hides my stomach and I look slim lol I absolutely love this dress and will be ordering in all colors!


Very pretty dress, looks more like $75 dress. I am 5’3 115lb and Small fits perfect. It is longer than I thought. The red is dark wine red not bright red.


Absolutely amazing dress. I got so many compliments on it all night.


Soft material. Not itchy lace. Felt like a jersey knit dress. Has a silky lining that is thick so you can’t see through the dress. Also has rubber grippers on the shoulders so the shoulders don’t slip.


I’m 5’4. 148lbs. 36DD. I ordered the Medium. Fit perfectly. Not tight in sleeves.


Definitely recommend!!!!


I love it , It fits me well. I ordered a small . 5 ft 5 . 135-140 lb


Using this for formal night on cruise. I'm 5' 2 " and 179 and ordered a xx and it fits perfect and hides what I want to hide lol


The dress fit well and looks great in my daughter. She's a teen and busty, so it's hard to find fun young modest dresses for special occasions. She loves it, says it comfortable and can easily wear a strapless bra with out it showing. The lace had a few snags in it, but over it's a great dress.


I am in love with this dress. I was nervous that it would be scratchy or I’ll fitting but it is perfect. The lace is soft and forgiving and the neckline is beautiful. Wearing it for my bridal shower!


Perfect! It came in just as it looks in pictures, seemed too long when just held up to myself, but when it was on it was just at the knee. I am 5’2 and have broader shoulders, a large fit like a glove. The sleeves are adorable, only downside is I kept adjusting them.


