Very nice! Ordered XL I'm 5'7", 210. Most of my wt is in my thighs and butt, but my waist isn't slim either lol would buy again!


This is a beautiful dress, but I found it ran a little big due to the nature of the empire-ish type waist. I got the XXL but I almost wish I had returned it for the XL. If I hadn’t needed it immediately, I would have. My measurements are 38D-34-44, I’m 5’8” and I’m around 215 pounds. I’ve lost a lot of weight (115 pounds) and I need things to be more form fitting to hold my loose skin in and show my shape, otherwise I just look fatter and frumpy I feel like. The dress is really beautiful otherwise, however, and it’s just my personal preference that I needed it fitted tighter. This dress has more stretch than I expected, so sometimes the sleeves would ride up off of my shoulders, but it mostly stayed in place. Overall, it’s a great dress for the price and beautiful for that special winter look. I used it for my anniversary pictures and I’m pleased with it.


Loved this dress! Wore it to a wedding and received so many compliments on it. Fit as expected. I normally wear a 12 to 14 in dresses and the large fit perfectly. Perfect length, not too short but not too long. Looks like it would be more expensive I would definitely recommend this dress.


 I purchased a small an love it . me an 5 other girls ordered it . I measure a small top medium waist an large hips an I got the small it's super  stretchy


I got it to try for a bridesmaid dress.  It's actually very nice and I'm very surprised and happy that the neck lace isn't flappy or droopy but actually  maintains its shape and structure.  However, the wedding is going to be outside in August and while I thought the lace would make it breathable it's actually quite warm.  Would be great for a fall wedding or something though.  200lbs 38D 5'5" got this in XL...I also got the XXL in case the XL was too small but this actually fit just fine and so I never tried on the XXL


I wore this dress for my wedding and it was absolutely GORGEOUS! It was exactly what I wanted !


I'm normally an XL and it was somewhat big but not bad! (I would much rather it be big than small) I want this in  the navy blue now too! It was also extremely comfortable and a nice length! You can see the true color and Lace in the close up picture I posted :)


I am 5'6". 159 lbs. 36" bust, 32" ribs, 28" waist. Hip measurements don't matter for this dress. The arm material is stretchy so it's a great dress if you don't want to show your arms. There is a zipper on the L side of the dress where your ribs are so this part is not stretchy. Given my measurements I ordered a M but was surprised to find the middle had no stretch and luckily the dress fit perfectly. It wasn't too tight (like a glove) or too loose. Something that wasn't mentioned in reviews I read was that there are elastic straps that go over both shoulders to help keep the dress in place, which was nice. I wore a nude colored bra, which worked out fine (if you're worried about needing a strapless bra). I was really worried about color because some photos are super bright and some are super dark (see photos in review for examples; some with/without flash and some with/without editing). Looking at the dress it is definitely more towards Navy than it is towards Royal, although some photos with flash make it look more of a Royal color. This dress feels elegant, feels formal, feels well-made although I did have to trim the top edge of the lace on the neck and backline because it had some random threads sticking out (please see photos in this review), and I received a lot of compliments. For the price, expedient shipping, fit, and feel I would definitely buy this dress again. :)


I'm 5'9, 157lb, 34B, size 6 waist, size 11 pant (long torso, broad shoulders, pear shape). This dress in a small fit perfectly. It is a little difficult to get on/off over my shoulders (which I expected since it's a small), even with a side zipper, BUT once it's on it fits comfortably and looks good, even in the shoulders. The lace has some stretch, so my arms have enough room and can move pretty normally, which is very rare for me with lace sleeves! It is just a little bit tight in the underarm area, but the dress is still easy to wear and I can still lift my arms and move them around without feeling confined. This could be worn without a bra or with a strapless one (though there is no built-in padding). The fabric looks and feels nice.  I want to get another in navy!


Update: The dress worked great for my holiday party, except for that the lace snagged SUPER easily. I probably wouldn’t get more than one or two wears out of it, which is a shame since I wanted to keep using it for weddings and other dressy occasions.


I wore this dress as a bridesmaid, and received so many compliments! This dress is true to size and fits like a dream. It's become one of my favorite dresses!


