I love this dress! I’m 5’3, 135lbs, 34F bust and I got a medium. Fits like a glove. Definitely looks like I paid more for it than I did. If you’re on the fence, buy it!


I am 165 and 5’3”. Usually larges fit me right now, but the large was a little too big. It still looked nice, but a medium would have been better. I wore this dress to a wedding 1 month after having a baby. The fabric is stretchy and soft. I received a lot of compliments


This is such a pretty dress! I bought it for my daughter for school banquets. It is really flattering and a great length, just coming to her knees (the lining layer is just above her knee) - for reference, she's 5'3" and wears size 14 jeans. We got the XL. So happy that I came across this dress!


Great dress for the price!  Really appreciated the rubber backing on the strapless shell and at the shoulders.  Very flattering!


I love this dress. Great quality and very pretty in person! I’ve never worn an off the shoulder dress and was nervous, but the lining along the inside of the top help keeps it in place and it stays perfectly. I cannot day enough good things about this dress!


Love this dress.  Comfy, fit perfect and has  bit of give.  Sizing is spot on.  Super cute especially for the price!


Runs very small


I really loved the design and the soft fabric but an XS was way too big. I’m super small so the waist fit was not a surprise, it was loose but good enough for how clothes fit me. My issue was the length. I’m 5’0” and the dress is way past my knee so I’m getting it altered which cost more than the dress itself. Short girl problems :(


I like it very cute dress and doesn't look like cheaply made, however I have to return I normally wear size medium but this one need to size up a little bit, the sizing is kinda off.


This is a beautiful dress and seems to be well made.  It does run large, however.  I am 5'3", 135lbs 36-29-38.  I ordered a Medium according to the size chart provided by the seller but it was still loose in the waist and very loose in the chest.  I am returning it and have ordered it in a Small.  I am really looking forward to wearing this.


