I absolutely love this dress and am so super thrilled with its price and fit! I wore it to a formal wedding in New Orleans and got lots of compliments from other guests. I ordered a medium- I'm 5'7" and about 180 lbs. The medium fit perfectly and it has some stretch so even though it looked a little small when I took it out of the bag, it fit like a glove. Check out all the photos from other buyers- it's a beautiful dress for tons of different shapes and sizes and it looks great on everyone!


Beautiful dress! Ordered XL based on another review, fits perfect. -5'3" -184 lbs -38D  About knee length on me. I wore a petticoat underneath. Not only felt very pretty and elegant but received compliments from about half the club. It is all lace on outer part, so to some extent you will want to guard against snagging. It didn't happen to me except with boyfriend's catchy metal hoodie zipper. Inside liner is soft, comfy, not itchy. Top part of it there are no straps but it is sewn to the outer lace part.  I never had cause to worry about it and I've worn it a few times.


I usually wear size 10-12, 159lbs, 5'3", so ordered Large and fits like a glove. It was well made, came with a slip underneath, so I did not even have to wear a bra. I had so many compliments on this dress. I was surprised to get a high quality, well made dress from Amazon.


The dress was bought to be worn to a wedding.  It is striking and fits well.  The sleeves cover the arm when worn off the shoulder.  This was a requirement for any dress I was to buy.  The length is good and the pleats at the waist give a finished appearance without needing a belt  I am very happy with my purchase and will look to MissMay when in need of another dress.


This dress is beautiful but, unfortunately, it was not flattering on me at all. At first I couldn't figure out how to put it on. The zipper is just a tiny slit on the side but really doesn't help to get it on. Once on, the sleeves were kind of tight and it made my mid-section look much larger than it is. This was just my experience. I am 5'4" and 190lbs. I carry a lot of my weight in my arms so if you have average size arms the sleeves should be fine for you. Oh, and I tried the XL. I'd say that size fit me fine aside from the other issues.


I bought this dress in the hopes of wearing it to a wedding that I am attending soon.  I read and re-read the reviews, a lot of them I might add. I had purchased a dress online from another store and was quite displeased although it still hangs in my closet.  This dress arrived yesterday and I was excited and nervous at the same time.  I wear a size 16, am big chested and no longer have my awesome pre-chldren waistline and was not sure how it would fit.  I even bought some spanx like items from Amazon in anticipation of getting the dress.  The moment came when I tried on the dress and it fit beautifully,  It is a little bigger on the bottom than I might like but it fits my chest area and I don't have to wear the spanx  if I do not want to.  The dress hangs nicely so it does not hug your every problem area.  It did have a slight smell when I opened the package, but I hung it on a hanger to air out and it is fine now.  I cannot wait to pair it up with some cute shoes and wear it to the wedding.  Beautiful material, beautiful dress, I may buy it in the other colors.  I wish it came in teal or turquoise or a nice pool blue, I would buy those in a minute.  Great dress for the money!!!


Fits like a glove! Absolutely beautiful and will keep me warm for engagement photos in December in Pittsburgh. Is one of my favorite all time dresses so far and was well worth the price and more. My engagement ring is blue and white sapphires so this dress will look handmade to go with the ring...stunning! I was very worried as I use to always be an extra small as a teenager but in my 30's I am no where near that size and range between a medium med-large depending on the maker.  Especially my arms and belly I always worry since they tend to be bigger then the rest of me so I have an akward shape right now. I struggled for awhile debating if I shoul get a medium or the small since I saw the sizes tend to run big. Boy am I glad I got the small as it fits perfectly and if I got a medium it would probably be way to big on me. Thanks to the maker for writing it clearly that these run big with the size charts and all and all the people who wrote reviews about your journey to getting the perfect size for your body.


Super comfy & stretchy material. Seems durable. I was worried my arms might not fit well in it but they fit fine. I’m 5’8 about 160 lbs. I got a medium. I was going to get a large but most reviews said it runs slightly large which I can agree. I could’ve gotten away with a large but the medium fits very comfortably. It goes down to my knees which is what I wanted and is rare for me considering my height. I wear a 36B and I was surprised to find out that it was slightly tight on my chest and I was not even wearing a bra when trying it on at first. Wish it was a little cheaper but that’s okay. More of a true red (but slightly darker) not so much a burgundy.


I wore this dress for a wedding and received numerous compliments on it.  I'm a big curvy girl and this played up my best features while minimizing my so-so ones.  I'm and 18-20 and got a 2X.  I wore it with silver shoes with rhinestones and rhinestone necklace and earrings.  I love it so much I'm inventing occasions to wear it again!


So this review will confuse a lot of people, but it is an honest one.  This dress is lovely, really lovely.  It looks just like the picture, the lace is butter soft and it is really beautiful.  And I returned it.  Not because it wasn't everything that all the other reviewers said it was--true to size, lovely workmanship and quality of lace and design.  I just mis-judged my own shape.  This is not a dress style for me.  It was not flattering.  It was not the fault of the dress, but the fact that I really didn't realize what my own shape was.  This is not for woman of a certain age (me) who like to kind of hide in their clothes.  We want to look good but, if something emphasizes the hips well, I feel it is not something I should wear.  I almost kept it hoping I would lose 10 pounds, but, I have a lot of those in my closet already.  This is a beautiful dress.  It broke my heart to return it.  I even tried to think of someone who might like it before returning it.  The return policy was seemless, just like you would expect from Amazon and their partners.  I would absolutely recommend purchasing this dress.  It is a great value and the dress is beautiful.  Just not on me.


