It's so hard to pick the right clothes online, especially for plus size ladies!


I read a lot of comments that this runs big, and to go a size down, however, I have broader shoulders, and a bigger chest compared to average women my size, so I stayed with my "true" size of 2XL.


I am 5'7" and 250 pounds and this fits a tad bit tight in the chest region, and on my arms, but overall, I love the fit and feel.  It's just so pretty!


I was surprised to see they added a "no-slip" strip to the shoulders, to keep the dress in place.


I will not be able to wear this with my strapless bra, I'll have to wear my flesh covers (the bra cups are too big in proportion to the lacy part, that the bra would show).


The length goes to my knees, which prevents my behind from showing if I bend over. The length is also great for those who like to wear Spanx that go to your thighs.


I'm very happy with this dress!


This dress is amazing! I bought it in red. It's not as burgundy looking as the photo...so I love it even more. It's just a deep red. I'm 5'10" 145 lbs and small chested and got it in a small. It fits beautifully. The length is great, and the lace is not itchy or stiff. You can wear your favorite strapless bra without issue. I'm wearing it dressed up but it can easily be dressed down. So happy with this purchase!!!


Fabulous dress, received soooo many compliments!


i saw so many reviews , some says its loo big some say its small, so i went with a size big, usually i wear size L but for this dress i ordered XL, it came on time , and when i wore it, it was perfect, i am 5'2 and 180 lbs, its fits me perfectly , quality is good, i will post photos when i will wear it on my bday. its having little elastic type thing on shoulders so it wont slip , its stays where you keep it (just little off shoulder). and i guess its 5-6 inches long neck, so  cleavage wont show and as i said i am 5'2, it came just 1-2 inch under the knee. And sleeves also full lenght.


I was a bit skeptical when I read the description to this dress but I love taking chances and I ordered this in a large. I received my dress on time and it's BEAUTIFUL! It's a perfect fit. I'm 4'11" 150 lbs.. this dress enhanced and beautified my curves! I'm using this as my wedding dress. It's going to be an indoor, intimate, and private ceremony on March 17. The material is thin and when standing in the light you can see through the dress. I'm simply going to wear a satin slip under the dress. I added a photo of me trying on the dress. I'm holding flowers just to show how easily this can be a perfect little white dress for a courthouse/ casual wedding.. I'm happy with my purchase.


I am 5"11". I weigh 295lbs, roughly size 20. Bust is 50", hips are 54". My biceps are massive (20" with a lot of extra loose skin from weight loss) and this was the only long sleeve dress that fit them comfortably without me feeling claustrophobiic. The elastic didn't rub against any baby hair or cause irritation on my skin and it all stayed perfectly in place even with wrangling a 1 1/2 year old for some pictures. The dress is shorter on me than in the photos but it fit so nicely I don't even care. I will definitely buy this in more colors.


Beautiful dress! The color is exactly Navy blue. As a curvy gal, I'm 5'4, 168lbs I ordered a Large. Love this company and will always purchase their clothing!


I LOVED this dress for my family pictures! I bought the medium and the fit was comfortable, not tight at all, and went just below my knee. I am 5'8 and usually wear Medium-Large dresses depending on length. I loved the material, look and everything about it! I got sooo many compliments on it too:) I just Love this dress so much!


Ps.. Not to be worn with a necklace or it will snag the dress, plus it really is not needed. a nice pair of statement earring would do;)


Gorgeous dress! Amazing quality for a reasonable price. I went by the size chart, and it was spot on. I ordered a large. I'm 5'4, 190lbs, 38C bra, I usually wear a size 12 dresses/bottoms.


  This dress was a very last minute purchase. Ordered it on Wednesday got it on Friday with prime shipping and wore it Saturday. I received so many compliments and felt beautiful in the dress. Needless to say I loved this dress and will be buying it in different colors(:


I was nervous about buying this dress without trying it on, but I went for it because the price was so low. Because most of the reviews said that the dress runs big, and I usually order a medium, I decided to order a small. I'm 5' 8" and 150. The dress fits really well and is only a bit shorter than expected due to my height and the sleeves are shorter because my arms are so long. However, I still think the dress looks and feels amazing and I'm very happy with my decision to purchase this dress.


