Cute dress, will need an extra layer under the lining of the dress as the lining is not all that thick.  Other than that which is not a huge problem the dress is perfect. Wore this to my niece’s wedding got a ton of compliments will need to get it in every color!  Very comfortable dress and looks great on.


I bought this dress for a wedding that I was attending, and it was stunning. I got so many compliments on it. It was extremely comfortable because of the stretchy material, but looked elegant as well. I would not hesitate to purchase a dress from this seller in the future this is my second dress from this brand, and have no complaints.


This is a beautiful dress and the size was right for me but there was something about the waistline that wasn't flattering for me so I returned it. It's almost between a line and empire waist. I wish the line would have been lower because the dress was very pretty and we'll made for the price. I loved the neckline.


Perfect dress for my daughters confirmation. I ordered a 0-2 and it was right at the knee. She's 5'5". Nice lining under the dress so it's very comfortable. It came in a bag but there were no wrinkles in the dress at all! Easy peasy!


She loves it and I love it! Very pretty!! She will get a lot of wear out of it! Perfect for any occasion. And the price is right!


This is a beautiful dress! Nicely made. I am 5'1" and was concerned about the length. It hit right below the knee, which is great for me. I ordered a large because I wear a 12. It fit comfortably. I think a size 14 person could wear it fine. I am very pleased with the dress and service.


AMAZINGGGGG! I love this dress! It fits great- I'm 5'9", 230 lbs and ordered a 2XL, Not too tight, not too lose on me. The fabric seems durable, there's a piece of cloth under the lace/chest area that has the rubber on it so it wont slide down- awesome! Def recommend.


Very happy with this dress! I've worn it twice already and I absolutely love it. I wore it with a petticoat underneath to give if more flare it was just right! Very flattering and comfortable for my body type. I'm 5'6" and 180 lbs with 40DD breasts. I ordered a large and it was perfect.


Very pretty dress.  Medium Fit as expected. I’m 5-7, 150lbs, fit build, size 6 American eagle jeans and 32DD Victoria Secret bra.


The skirt portion of the dress is very thick material.  I ordered two dresses and unfortunately sending this one back, only because I was going to an outdoor wedding in a Texas and felt this one would be way too warm.  If it was for a a winter/fall wedding I’d have chosen it in a heart beat.


This was my "in case of emergency" dress for my work's gala. I had a hard time shopping in department stores and also affording anything that was more than plain black.. I was gambling on it since I wasn't able to try it on... and I have a bigger body type. But I went for it. BEST DECISION EVER. when it came in, I tried it on and was stunned. It had some stretch too so it was super comfortable. The lace was so flattering. I will say, I thought it was long sleeve but it came more of 3/4 which was still pretty. The under dress stayed in place and it twirled nicely. I got a lot of compliments on it at my formal event. I'll be wearing it every chance I get!


Absolutely beautiful dress. Very classic look. I did take advice of sellers and order down a size. I am 5'4" 140 lbs. I normally wear a size 8, or medium. Purchased a small and it fits perfectly. Can't wait to wear for a company dinner in a couple weeks. It is very flattering on.


