I absolutely love this dress.  It is absolutely beautiful and very well made.  It seems like it can fit all sizes.  I am a plus sized woman and it fit me perfectly!


Love it.


The dress is a little longer than I am used to since I'm only 5'3", but I love it.


This is SO GORGEOUS...but poorly made.  Shoulder seams were all coming apart right out of the box.  Lace material is incredibly cheap and pulls too easily, leaving fluffy looking balls. Shoulders would not stay in place and kept falling.  Even tried to tack the rubber to the material to hold it in place, but it didn't help.  Lace flimsy and flapped away from my back. Sleeves 3 inches too short and length 3 inches too long. I'm 5'4", 120 lbs, 34D. Bust and bodice were perfect. Zipper pulled the lace so much I was afraid to use it.


I gifted this dress to my sister.. And it looked amazing on her. The blue color is beautiful and material is good and fit was also good. I was a bit scared that the neck would be too showy but it is not..its perfect. Thanks


I was disappointed as the fabric was a cheap thick lace, not elegant.  I returned it.


Absolutely love this dress!!! Can’t wait to wear it again!


5'10", 190 lbs, lean build... I ordered a Large: the dress fits PERFECTLY.  I purchased the dress for our church anniversary service. I thought it might be too short, but it was a very modest length.  The lining falls above my knee, the lace overlay is longer and hits right at my knee.  The rubber no-slip grips on the shoulders are very secure... I thought it might be loose, but they're NOT.


 My only surprise is that the lining is lower in the back, so for modesty's sake I'll probably buy a navy blue tube top that matches and wear that underneath... that was less than desirable, but other than that the dress is very nice. High quality stitching and fabric.


BUY THE DRESS!


If you are not a busty woman, this neckline might not be as flattering as the image.  My 42-38-50 measurements meant that this dress made me look a square...not flattering!


Fabric was soft and slightly stretchy, so ordering your regular size would be best.  Arms were wide enough and fabric seemed very nice.


Caution!  There is another manufacturer of this dress here on Amazon, so make sure you order a MissMay version for this review to match!


I looked like an Amish girl going to a funeral, it was big and not fitting in the waist or arms at all, way longer than expected. Don't get it


