Feels stretchy, fits well and the lace is a great quality.  I'll post pictures when I wear it for our family party.


this dress is beautiful.  i got a size small . im 5'5 130 pounds and 32c and it fit true to size . i could have probably went a size smaller but it would have been snug . has stretchy fabric so it bounces alittle . but im completly happy with the  purchase of this dress


Delivery was prompt. The fit was very comfortable and relaxing. I looked great in the dress. I wore it for a funeral. I received so many compliments. I was told I was stunning


Absolutely disgusting.. Came covered in hair even in the fibers. My daughter wanted this for a dance for this coming Saturday. Its nasty. I've never received something so disgusting. What a waste of money. I looks like it was a return from someone with a pet.


I went down a size (from 4-6/S to XS), and that was a great decision. Ladies, just go for it. It is an elegant dress that has received many compliments, accents a slim figure (unlike most other dresses!), and all around looks great. The only downside is that you have to be careful with how you wear this dress: the lace gets easily stuck in anything and everything. Despite this, I think it is worth your money.


The dress is gorgeous and truly is made well. The material is more weighty than I thought it would be but that’s because it is well lined. Feels very soft, not itchy at all. The waist sits a touch higher than I thought it would but the extra weight keeps the material in place and sits well on my frame.


Beautiful dress.  Fit me perfectly. I am curvy - wear size 12 jeans & 36DD, 5'7" 185 lbs.


I received a lot of compliments on this dress.  The lace is not itchy at all.


The dress fits perfectly!  It needs to be hemmed a little, but that's expected, I'm only 5'.  The quality is better than expected.  Very flattering.  I'm going to wear it to a wedding in the spring.


Dress fit great! I loved how I looked. Definitely want to wear it to another party! Very classy looking dress!


This is a nice dress - however I will be returning it because I am 6 ft tall and it was a little short for my own comfort.  I also felt like the dress is more suited to a younger woman (I am in my late 50's).  I have some friends my age who could probably still pull it off - but not me!


