Love, love, love!!! I bought this dress to take engagement/family photos in and I cannot say how much I love it! I received so many compliments. I am usually a small in shirts and dresses and that is what I ordered. I am 5'7 135 lbs and the dress fits like a charm.


This dress is beautiful! I am 5' 3" and 170lbs, I ordered a Large and it was form fitting with the perfect amount of stretch. The lace is super soft, and there are awesome rubber borders around the shoulder area to keep it from slipping. The color is true to the photo, dark blue. I would even consider buying this in a different color!


The dress color (Navy Blue) is a bit darker than it looks on the site, but it's BEAUTIFUL!! I'm 5'3", 135-140 lbs, have super broad shoulders for a girl and the Small is PERFECT! It doesn't make my shoulders look huge and the fact that there's sticky strips on the shoulders so they don't slide is AMAZING! 10/10 would recommend! The material is super soft and stretchy and suuuuuper comfortable!


I got this for my family Christmas party, but I think I just found my go-to date night dress! This dress makes me feel so beautiful, and is that not what every girl wants out of her dress?


TLDR; 10/10! If you have broad shoulders, don't worry, you will have room for your shoulders and you won't look blocky! Sizing is correct in American terms! Material is breathable and comfortable!


So great for a wedding! True to size if not bigger. I'm 5'7 and wear a small.


This is a beautiful dress and i love it. I am a happy customer. Thanks


Got this dress for our youth choir girls to match the guys navy blue tie! It was a hit and everyone loved it! Only thing is for the taller ladies or those who are blessed on the rear end side...the dress can be a little too short for a more conservative audience. I reached out to the seller to see if they could add a couple of inches to the dress and they were not able to. I was told it comes only in one length! So keep that in mind. Hopefully you can see how it fits on different body types in the picture. Other than that...I loved the dress and it fit me and most of us well. It is soft but it is the kind of material that should ONLY be hand washed. I have Amazon prime so I was able to order it and get it in two or so days. And the return process on the two dresses I had to return was seamless! And as for the fit...it does run a little big. Only because you want the dress to be taut on your arms/shoulders otherwise it will droop down. I am usually a size 4, 5'4" and I got a size small and that fit well. Three of the ladies had to get extra small. One of the ladies in the picture is wearing a medium and the last 2 are wearing a large. I hope that was a detailed enough review :)! For the price...this was a great buy!!! Go for it!!!


I read EVERY review before purchasing this dress. I needed it for my engagement pictures, so I took a big risk considering I needed it only a couple of days later. I am SOO pleased. Most reviews said it runs big so I got a SMALL and it was PERFECT. I typically wear a medium. Absolutely gorgeous dress!!!


OMG love love love this dress! Very romantic and flattering. I'm 5'6 175 lbs I wear a size 10 and ordered a large fit great! I wear a 38D bra and thi still fit me.


LOVED LOVED LOVED this dress!!! I normally wear a size 12 because the of the girls but the large fit perfect!!


