Dress is beautiful, doesn't feel cheap, drapes wonderfully, color was great, I would own more of these if my wife had more occasions to wear dresses.


LOVE. LOVE. LOVE!!! This dress is the perfect party/wedding/cocktail dress.  The material is stretchy, and it is very flattering. I wore it to a friend's wedding and had compliments from just about everyone... can't wait to wear it to a holiday party.  The length hit right below my knees, and Im 5'4".  I bought this after reading all of the positive reviews - it's a "must have," and looks and feels like a much more expensive dress!!


This dress is sooooo cute. I ordered the largest size and it’s still a tad too small, but all the more reason for me to crack down and lose a few pounds! It’s adorable.


Absolutely beautiful dress. Bought for a wedding and will be wearing it every chance I get!


I wanted to love this dress because the lace and color was so beautiful but the lining was connected in a strange way along the top of the dress. It was almost as if I were wearing a tube too dress with a lace one over top. It cut into my back and under my arms in the most unflattering way. It wasn’t awful but I found another I liked the fit of better


Very pretty however I fit XL in other dresses made by the same company and this one was too small but yet the blue one fit perfect! 5ft 245lbs (if that gives any ideas )


This dress is just as beautiful as it is in the picture. The fabric has some stretch which is good for a plus size girl.  This is a nice quality dress.  Very pleased with this purchase.


Very pretty and very comfortable.


For the price it's great! Have not washed yet!


Fit a little big in the midsection but I think that's because of the pleats. I was hesitant to purchase because the reviews read as if the arms fit tight but I had no problem!


Purchased this for a summer wedding - it was perfect! I'm 5'2 with an hourglass figure, and this dress complimented my body type perfectly. It's light and drapes really beautifully and is perfect for dancing. I found myself doing more twisting than usual on the dance floor just because it was fun :)


