I am 5"1.5 around 130lbs, I usually wear dresses size 6-8. I am also quite busty sizing 34 DD in bras. I re-ordered the medium and got a small and it fit perfectly. The fabric was heavy duty, beautiful and looked exactly like the photo. Also very stretchy which worked out with fitting my curves.


This dress is beautiful, soft and packable.  I am 5'2", 116 pounds and a 32D.  The small fits perfectly.  At first I thought it was too high waisted,  but I just had to pull it down a bit.  The red is more of a maroon, so I think I'll exchange it for black.


I'm 5'3 and weigh 140lbs, I got a small thanks to other reviewers who said the sizes run large because they absolutely do but the small fits perfect and the dress is just lovely!


Although I have yet to wear this dress, it is very pretty with plenty of stretch.


Beautiful dress. Lovely fabric. Fits perfectly. High quality item for the price.


This dress fits like a charm and looks amazing!  The quality is very much what you would expect from a dress at Nordstrom.  Excellent purchase!  Fits true to size Im a 6 and I ordered a small. The lace is very comfortable not scratchy or tight at all.


This is a perfect little black (lacy) dress! It fits true to size and is very comfortable. I wore it to a semi-formal event and got so many compliments​!


I absolutely LOVE this dress! It is as gorgeous as it is in the photos! I bought it in an XL which is my size in dresses and shirts. I'm a little bustier on top (38 DD) but this dress doesn't make it look overwhelming. It's very flattering. It's stretchy which makes the dress super comfortable! Can't go wrong with this purchase! I'm actually considering buying more colors!


Love this dress. So many compliments. XL I wear a size 14.


I was very excited to get this dress after reading so many positive reviews. However, I was disappointed with the dress overall. It's cut fairly high, like a baby doll dress and definitely looks like a maternity dress if you have a bit of a tummy. I am 5'4 and 140lbs, bought the medium. It fit as expected, just isn't flattering. The material is also low quality but I expected that for the price.


