super cute, material was just a bit stiff at first but went away upon wearing. got many compliments as the color is vibrant as advertised.


Beautiful neckline and soft fabric, but the skirt was a but full for me.  I kept it and had it altered a bit by a friend.  Still a bargin and now the most flattering dress ever.


This dress is gorgeous. I wore it for my son’s baptism (in January, with knitted tights) and felt incredibly beautiful. As a new mom, that really meant a lot. I bought the emerald green color and it did not disappoint. It’d be perfect for Christmas time,too!


This dress was amazing! Ordered a medium (I am 150lbs and 5'2) and it fit great. A-line bottom was very flattering and the lace top was beautiful and looked delicate but was very durable. Received many compliments and felt gorgeous in this dress. Would highly recommend to others.


I cannot say enough good things about this dress. I wore it to a friends wedding in September, it was super comfy and great quality! The lace is nice and strong, with a silky liner. I felt beautiful and got so many compliments all while being super comfortable!


I'm in love with this dress. It fit perfect and is very flattering. I am 5'4" and around 200 pounds and bought a XXL. I normally wear a size XL but I had read other reviews that it runs a little small. I'm very pleased. Quality material. I've worn it a few times and received several compliments. People can't believe I got it so cheaply on Amazon! The sleeves are more like quarter sleeves on me but it looks fine.


I liked this dress a lot, however a sash belt would  have made it perfect. I'm 5'3 and length came to just above the knee. The color is more of a bright red and the sleeves looked/fit slightly different than what is shown in the picture. It's not fitted straight across, the sleeves are a bit higher. I got XL, I'm a size 14.


Let me tell you, this dress is beautiful! I was worried that it wouldn't fit because lace tends to be tight and not very breathable, but it's actually kind of stretchy so it molds to the contours of your body. Very impressed.


Beautiful dress except I had to return it because it was too dressy for the event I was going too. And good thing I did because 2 other girls had the same one on! Popular dress!


I was really nervous about ordering this dress, some of the reviews were saying how its really big and the fitting is not great. It fit perfect i ordered a small and i'm 5'2 so the dress hits under my knee so its more conservative which i loved since i plan on wearing it to a New Years Eve party. My family loves the dress on me so much that they told me to order another dress in a different color. Really happy with this dress and i cant wait to wear it.


