Nice but I looked old in it. A bit too long. Wore a sm n I'm 98# 5'4"


Ok. Pleasantly surprised. I’m 5’4, average build. 36Dish and weigh about 170. This dress I got in a Large and I was somewhat worried because of my chest if it would fit right. The top was a tad tight but not TOO tight. This dress is very fitting. I got some pros and cons.


cons:


1. that zipper on the side? Seriously? serves no purpose.


2. Impossible to not show your bra on this dress. Good luck big chested ladies.


3. I wanted the wine color and accidentally got the red color. The photo on the red color shows the wine. Oops. Still is pretty though I’ll deal.


Pros:


1. The dress is BEAUTIFUL. The lace looks amazing and the dress doesn’t look like you picked it up from Walmart.


2. The fit is nice especially for us curvy girls. It doesn’t make you look 20 pounds heavier


3. ITS NOT ITCHY! Usually lace annoys my skin but it’s an all day wear for sure.


Would I recommend this? Sure. Is it a 5 star buy? No. Why? Because I wanted the different color and that zipper on the side is ridiculous.


This dress is killer. The fabric is high quality and the lace isn't delicate enough to rip. I can't tell you how amazing I felt in this. It is so beautiful. Underneath the lace there is a layer of fabric to shield you from any see-through mishaps. I actually didn't need to wear a bra for this! There is also rubber straps on the shoulder area so that the dress doesn't slip off which is so ingenious to me! I wore it for over 10 hours at a wedding and I had no problems.


I'm 5'7 at 130lbs and the small was PERFECT. I've seen other reviewers a bit disappointed because they assumed the dress was shorter. This is nearly knee length so keep that in mind. Nothing more to say! I just love this dress to death! Buy it!


I ordered this dress for a work holiday party, but unfortunately will be returning it. The top is very cute. I love the lace and the neckline. However, the flare almost makes it look like a maternity dress. I don't have a belly but it made me look like I did. Also it was a little bit too long. I am 5' 4" and it went to my knees or slightly past. I am usually a size 8-12, small or medium, with a 36D bust. I ordered a medium and it fit well. I probably could've done a small but it would have been tight in the arms. I think this dress would work better for very thin and tall ladies.


Beautiful dress and feels heavy.


The stitches near the bust area had come off even before I wore it.  The dress size is S, and my bust size is 34B. The strapless bra made it look even smaller and odd looking bust area after the dress was worn.  I think it'll look better on a slightly heavy busted ladies. I'll try to find a different strapless bra and will stitch the defective area of the dress.


I contacted the seller for the defective product and they refunded a portion of the purchase price.  Customer service was very responsive.


Amazing. It is a very comfortable dress and look even better. I am 5'6 and 140# I bought a small. I wore it to a wedding with boots. Also wore it to a back yard gathering with flip flops. I will buy this dress in other colors


I never know if I’m gonna need a medium, large, or extra large.  I’m 5’ 6.5”, 168lbs.  I got a large.  It’s very comfortable, not restricting at all.  The lace is soft, not scratchy.  It’s a tad loose on top.  In fact I put it on over my head and didn’t even notice a zipper in the side until later.  You’ll need a strapless bra.  Neckline rides up a tad.  I have pretty long legs and it lands right at the knee. I think I land right between a medium and large on this but a medium would’ve been too small.


LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS DRESS!! I wear a 36DDD. I usually wear a size 14 jeans. I am 5'9". I ordered an XL. The lace sleeves are stretchy which was so nice! I hate the feeling of my arms being restrained. The dress comes to just below my knee which is nice because I can actually bend over and not worry about my butt showing! It has a very flattering fit. In my pictures I was just trying it on, you will need to wear a strapless bra or no bra. The dress was delivered with in 2 days. I will probably order in another color as well.


I love this dress! love the quality! Im 5,3 170 lb , The large fits great. It has good stretch too! Highly recommend


I really wanted to like this dress.  The neck line is really cute and was my favorite feature of the dress, but it just wasn't very flattering on.  It would also be much cuter with 3/4 sleeves instead of a full sleeve.


