I'm keeping this short since there are already so many reviews. Basically this dress is EXTREMELY flattering and has an amazing price. I'm 5'7 and about 210-215 pounds yet this dress was amazing. Highly recommend.


It is a beautiful dress, a little shorter than I expected, and a bit big also (better a little large than too small).  It is well made and heavy material, nylon mostly.  Some dresses I order are made from flimsy material and lost of spandex so they are really not what I wanted, not this one,  great dress for the unexpected special event.  I think it will fair well in a suitcase too.  May take it for the formal night on my next cruise.


Love this dress


Very cute dress, fits as it should and I have no complaints


This dress is beautiful. I am 5'6" about 175lbs and ordered the Large. The dress fits nicely. However, the sleeves are only about 3/4 long, not down to the wrist as shown in the photos on the model. Not sure if this is an manufacturing mistake. Regardless I'm planning to wear to for special occasions like going to the theatre with my family, weddings and such.


I bought the red dress and it's a beautiful dark red, exactly what I wanted for my sons Christmas wedding. The fabric is soft and has just the right amount of weight so that is hangs and swings nicely. I'm 5'4", 135 and initially ordered a small but returned it for a medium, this one is a perfect fit. I'll definitely look into Missmay for future dresses! The quality and style for the money can't be best.


Very nice quality wore it to  a wedding was very pleased


The lace is pretty and soft, but the liner over the breasts lays awkwardly, the torso is too short for normal proportions on an XL, and the chest is too snug for a size 38D. The red is a beautiful color though; not too bright and not orangey at all.


I absolutely love this dress, the day I bought it I got lots of compliments of how nice and classy it is.. The  material is good and fits great..


So, I really like how it fits, but it's the wrong color. :( I was expecting a dark red. This is red-red! I have to send it back. It is really beautiful though!


