Gorgeous! My daughter looked stunning:)


Love this dress. Wore it to a funeral with this fascinator:


Was a real head turner and I got several compliments. I bought a large, and thought it was a bit roomy, but I appreciated the extra fabric because it gave the dress a more modest aesthetic... I would have preferred a medium if I had bought it for a date or something. I'm 5'6" on a good day with an hourglass frame. My hips are around 42", waist 30, and bust about 36".


The dress is made really well. The stitch is pretty substantial and the lace is thick. It snags easy, but that's more my fault... Really good bang for your buck. It arrived timely too! Overall, really really happy with my purchase, and when my memory of wearing it to a funeral fades, I know I'll be excited to wear it again.


Looked great


Love this dress! Fits perfectly!


This dress is elegant and stylish, and a great bargain for the price. When ordering, however, I missed that some reviewers were noting that this dress runs about a size large. I first ordered a size small (usually my "normal" size) that was slightly baggy in the arms and loose in the waist; to me it looked slightly sloppy and not like the picture of the model. For reference, I'm 5'3", 125 lbs., 34B. I am now returning the small, but reordered an extra small, which fits as I would like it to (form fitting in the bust/waist and the sleeves) and still has enough stretch that it's comfortable, and not too tight.


One thing I did notice, however, when comparing the two sizes is that the original dress (small) I'd purchased was more of a deep royal blue, whereas the x-small I am keeping is a darker, more true navy. So there is some slight inconsistency with the dyeing process, though minimal. All in all, this is a great special occasion dress that I look forward to wearing again after the event for which I purchased it for. If you're unsure of your size, I recommend ordering your "normal" size and then a size down so you can return the size you don't need, and then won't have to stress about getting the right size if you're like me and waited until the last minute to buy before you need to wear it!


Great dress!


Loved it! Fit perfectly.


Beautiful dress fit perfect...


My wife loves it!


Pretty dress, perhaps not for my figure


