This dress is so cute, but the waist is too high to look appropriate for where it's supposed to be, it diesn't sit on the your wait, it's about an inch or two higher.  I don't have a long torso (5'4", 127 lbs) so that's not the issue.  I'm probably not going to keep it, but it's a beautiful dress!


This dress is absolutely gorgeous!  I bought the wine colour medium for my daughter who wears us8 and it fit like a glove. Looked custom made for her. Very beautiful lace. She is 5ft 7 and it was knee length for her. I definitely recommend this purchase.


This fits so great! Bought it for my daughter for an upcoming wedding. She is a size 14. Probably could have gone with a L vs. Xl but it fits her fine.


We got the black. 2nd dress I bought from this brand- and I love both !! Buy it!!


This is lovely. I got it for my sisters wedding. I don't like my arms being bare due to being over weight so it's hard to fine a cute sleeved dress, but this nails it! I've had a lot of bad experiences on Amazon buying cheap dresses so I was very leery of this, but the material feels like a much higher quality that what I paid for! I can't wait to wear it at the wedding!!


This dress fits beautifully and is flattering. I ordered a size up from my normal size since some reviews suggested it fit small and it's perfect. The material isn't "cheap" looking or feeling. I'm thinking of buying another in a different sleeve and color.


I took a chance with this dress, thinking if may not be great quality, but the price was decent. I was so pleasantly surprised. It is a very nice quality dress. It is well sewn, and has nice non-slip lining on the shoulders. It fits perfectly in my normal size and is just gorgeous!


Very nice dress for a low price! I'm 5'0ft, about 115lbs. I ordered small initially but it was kinda loose, so returned it and got an XS. I wish the dress is a little shorter though. I will be wearingbit at my cousin's wedding.


Beautiful dress, I just wasn't happy with the fit on me. 5'2" 180lbs and I ordered an XL. The lace neckline just didn't sit right. The shoulders were high and took away from the open effect of the neckline and in contrast the lace across my back was loose and didn't sit flush to my skin but kind of.. drooped. I'm a shorty so the hem hit below my knees and made me feel frumpy. It is a gorgeous dress but just isn't cut right for my body shape. I have very wide hips and a big booty and I feel like I lost my curves in this dress.


Love, love, love this dress! I received so many compliments at my Christmas party!


Trust me! Buy the dress!


I wear a size16. I ordered a XXL but it was to big for me. I didn’t have any time to return it for a XL. I sew so I’ll be altering the dress myself.


Bought this for my wife for a trip we were taking and she really rocked it!


She also loved it I would buy from MissMay again


