Way too small. Extremely high waisted.


Such a beautiful dress!! Excellent quality and I was honestly surprised because it’s not a cheaply lace material.


I have the most difficult time finding dresses that fit because I’m big chested and I have long legs and this one was modest and flattering!!


Sorry I don’t have a picture of the whole dress on my phone but at least you can see a close up of the material!


I bought this dress last minute for an event!  I received a bunch of compliments on the dress.  The lace material is so soft!


I purchased this for a class reunion that I have coming up...Dress is beautiful, fits very well, the fabric is soft and stretchy so it fits wonderfully.  I'm looking forward to wearing it!


I bought this in two colors, with the intention of returning the one that I liked less. I ended up keeping both. It fits amazingly (I am a size 16) and is very comfortable. Buying dresses online is always a gamble, but this is one worth making.


Being short (5 ft), I found it a little longer than I would like.  Will have to hem it a bit.  Perhaps should have ordered the Petite Small.


The picture is prettier then the actual dress.  I do not like it at all.  Sending it back.


I can't say enough, gorgeous dress! The lace on the shoulders is delicate. I am 40D and 14w in jeans. 5'6 and 190 pounds. The xl fits as is tailored!  The color is beautiful.


I am alway nervous about buying dresses online but this product turned out amazing! Very comfortable and great print. I wore this as a wedding guest. I would recommend and may even get anyone in a different color.


This dress is just what I expected. I'm 5'4"


Around 160#. I bought the large. It fit perfect. I was afraid the sleeves would be too tight but they fit just right. The lace is a little  delicate and easy to fray that's the only thing to watch out for. One more thing to think about is you will need a strapless bra, it's made to ride off the  shoulders. I bought the blue and it is just like the picture. My husband loves this dress.


