This dress is so pretty and comfortable, and the lace is nice and soft. The dress itself has a nice stretch to it, not stiff at all. This dress is flattering and hides any tummy areas you might want to hide. I purchased this dress for a rehearsal dinner, but didn't end up wearing it till Thanksgiving. Perfect dress! I got so many compliments. Can't wait to wear it again!


It's really cute but the sleeves are too big compared to everything else and it's a little longer than I'd like it to be.


Lovely fit! Super soft material...well made. Just be careful with what jewelry you wear it. My bracelet got caught on it a few times.


I usually wear a medium but decided to go up a size since my upper body is slightly larger than my lower. The dress fit perfectly! I ordered the Navy blue and the color was true to the picture. The dress was delivered a day earlier than expected.


I was informed to buy 'larger' size...I was disappointed to find the elastic waist...not sure if the waist is elastic in all sizes. I bought WAY too big..but had already opened and difficult to send back..'sigh'.


I ordered this dress for a cruise “elegant” night.  It is the perfect cocktail dress.  I felt pretty in it, and got many compliments. Highly recommend.  I typically wear a 10-12 so I got the large.  Fit just right!


I love this dress.  The lace was great quality. Dress did not look cheap.  As a matter of fact, I got way more than I paid for.  Such a great deal.  Im 5' 8 and the dress hit me right at my knee.  I did order about 5 other dresses from Amazon for a formal.. but this dress was the keeper.


Have to say that this dress is beautiful. The quality is awesome and it's elegant. So happy with my purchase!!


This dress is so pretty!! I loved it so much. Got it for Valentine's Day this year to go for dinner with my BF and he also really loved the dress. It is a flattering length, fit well, and I LOVE the lace and off-the-shoulder look. I weigh just under 160 lbs, and am 36A cup size and bought this in a Large. Highly recommend!! :)


Good dress for formal occasions: I wore it for a funeral mass with a shawl, and then left the shawl in the car for the rest of the day.  The shoulders pull up or down easily, very flattering for me.


