Love it! This dress arrived just in the nick of time!! Having several weddings to attend in consecutive weekends, I needed a few choices. This dress is a flattering style, extremely comfortable, and a great price. I followed the advice to order a size up and it fit perfectly. No shortening required!


This dress is amazing. It's so rare to find a true-to-size dress on Amazon. I wear a 12 and ordered a large. I wondered if the lace at the shoulders would stay in place. I was pleased to see it has elastic bands at the shoulder that makes the lace stay where you put it, either on or off the shoulder. The lace had just the right amount of give. The red is gorgeous and will be perfect for Christmas parties.


Poor fabric quality, looks cheap. The torso to waist is like 2 inches above the actual waist and a very long skirt. I am returning and asking refund.


Love love love this dress! It was a litttle bigger than i expected but it still looked great. I wore it for rehearsal dinner.


After reading a post who advised to order a smaller size, I decided to do so.  If you like lace and, I do, I received a lovely and complimentary little number in this dress.  It makes you feel and look like the belle if the ball.  Will order from this company again.


Love this dress felt beautiful! Very afforadable. Have worn to two different weddings.


Product is the perfect fit. 5'4" and 185lbs, the 2XL is perfect!  I was a bit skeptical considering it was made in China, but the product is a perfect fit and will work great for my Halloween costume!


"calling all curvy girls" this is the dress for u! i ordered this dress for a wedding last minute wasnt sure ifbit was ganna look good on me, but the in the reviews i notice that dress looked good on all body types so i took the risk. dress was true to size chart fit like a glove. got many  complements! im 5/4 weight 180lbs ordered a Large and i felt very pretty in this dress! te color was very pretty and Lace is nice and soft. The dress definatly look more expensive that what i paid! ganna order in another color!


This dress is beautiful and fit perfectly; my fiance loved the dress so much he said he wanted to marry me in it! The dress fits like a glove and is a beautiful red. It can snag but if you're not crazy with the dress you shouldn't have any problems. I only had issues with some snags because I'm kinda rough with my dresses and I also have a 40 lb dog who likes to jump up on me, (I think she was the cause of most of the snags :l).


I love the dress so much I'm thinking of ordering it in other colors! You can wear the dress as a simple shopping dress or glam it up with a necklace and use it for a fun night out or even a wedding. I'm 5'5 almost 5'6 ( if I wear flats I'm 5'6 if that gives you an idea) and weigh 175 lbs, I bought a large and it fits perfectly, the zipper was a little difficult to zip up but it was at my largest part; my bust. My breasts are on the larger size but once I wore the dress 2-3 times I didn't have an issue with the zipper anymore.


I bought this to wear to my cousins wedding. Had a couple back ups in case this didn't look good, but I had high hopes looking at other people's reviews. Buy this dress! If your wondering if it will look nice, I guarantee it will! This dress is so flattering.. I'm pear shaped,, 5'9.. 220lbs with bigger hips. This dress def slims you and the top looks so pretty off the shoulder like that. They have plastic pieces that make sure it stays put! Got so many compliments. My boyfriend stared at me all night :)


