This dress is an absolute DREAM!! It fit perfectly and I LOVE it. I bought the red for my birthday outing this year and I was almost afraid it would possibly be a bright clown red...but nooo. It is a beautiful, bold, yet muted red tone that just looks rich. It really is comfortable like everyone says. I'm about a size 14 sometimes 12 and I got the large (like suggested). I HAD to put a review so you other ladies can GO BUY THIS DRESS! Plus it'll give an idea of how the red looks against my skin tone. (I'm buying the blue next, lol.)


I wore this dress for my graduation- it's super pretty/elegant. One thing: you HAVE to have a strapless bra- bra straps ruin the image.


Very happy with this dress!


After reading all the reviews I decide to take a chance and order this dress for my 14 year old daughter 8th grade dance in june. The dress is very beautiful and fits her as expected, I ordered a small which could be alittle bit tighter at the wais as she is tiny and the dress as stretches but nth to worrry about. I will let her wear red acessories to go with it. Cannot wait to see her in it. I would definately reccomen this dress


I love this dress so much! It has a little rubber lining so the sleeves stay where they need to be. I ordered a medium and I'm 35" 28.5" 38.5". I could have gotten a size smaller because the inner covering on the chest does slip and I need dress tape to keep it from wrinkling downward. I'm giving it a 5 stars anyway because it's so amazingly cute and I've gotten lots of compliments on it. You can even add a black belt along the waist for added flair. I'm going to say fits as expected because I just lost a bunch of weight and I didn't really know my size.


Very pretty dress. Good quality lace and nice dark navy colour. Perfect fit for me (5ft tall 112 pounds). The shoulders stay up perfectly with the concealed rubber grips, but you do have to watch what bra you wear underneath. No problem with the front of the dress as the inner lining conceals the bra, but the back strap is visible at the back, so I tried it with a nude strapless bra and it was fine.


https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01M5BAI8W/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_2


This is a gorgeous dress.I'm usually an amazon large which I ordered but this time a medium would off been a better fit.Never the less I got lots of compliments. Great for a banquet,wedding or fancy function. I am 5ft 4in and 155lbs


Ok so this dress is beautiful! The pictures up here on the mannequin does not do the dress justice. The dress is not see through and it’s made out of good thick material, it’s not itchy and it’s probably the most comfiest dress I’ve ever bought! if you have a biggest chest like me I would suggest you order a size up just so it’s not too tight around the stomach area. Definitely will be ordering another just a different color haha


When I initially chose the dresses I was very nervous, because you never know what you're going to get since some sites are dishonest. I bought the dress in all three colors. The dress is even more beautiful in person.  I needed the dresses for three day convention that I was attending. I was complemented on every single one. Not only is it beautiful, you get the perfect amount of sexy while maintaining your dignity. I purchased them in Large. I'm 5'3, 194LBS, CHEST 40, waist 33", and hip 44". The material is great and very forgiving. Nice and stretchy for more voluptuous Dolls.


I received so many compliments on this dress.  I bought it last minute, it arrived in 2 days, (thank you Amazon Prime) and it fit great.  The only thing I had a problem with was that my jewelry kept getting caught on the lace.  But otherwise, it was so comfortable and no need for a bra :)


AMAZING! So cute, and comfortable. With the sleeves being lace I was nervous about it being itchy, but it was honestly so soft. I originally ordered a medium which would have fit well, but the bust was a bit too tight (I'm a 38D). The large fit a little looser, but with the shape of the dress you couldn't even tell. I got so many compliments on it, I would without a doubt order this again!


