I just received my dress and immediately tried it on and it fits perfectly!! I’m 5’1”, 160 lbs and got a large and the dress is not only beautiful but extremely comfortable with stretch in all the right places. I bought black but will be getting another color...or two!:-)


Such a cute dress! Fit was exactly as anticipated, quality is high, and the cut is incredible. I get 2-3 compliments every single time I wear this dress. Can be worn completely off the shoulder, or pulled up to hide a bra strap. Absolutely recommend for any semi-formal occasion!


This dress was a fantastic buy. My boyfriend helped pick it out and he was just as pleased with the value and quality as I was. I originally ordered a medium, but ended up trading in for a small. I am 5'9" 150lbs with a 28"waist and wear a 34-36D bra. It was well fitted and I had no problems with it slipping at all! The rubber part on the inner lining and lace shoulders worked perfectly well. I even tried to move in ways that would make it slip and it just didn't. As others have said, the lace was so soft and draped very nicely below the waist line. I can't wait to wear this dress out again.


The quality is excellent- which surprised me - I’m usuals M - but after read the reviews I bought an L - I was floating inside...had to return it - will try again with an M


I gave them 3 stars cause it is beautiful and as I said, good quality


I bought a small. I am always a medium. The small fit perfect. Nuff said. (It is gorgeous, by the way, and I had a lot of compliments. But you already knew it was gorgeous from the other reviews.)


It holds up well, but I would definitely only put this on hand wash or gentle cycle in the wash, then lay it out to dry.


Very comfortable dress! Beautiful color, nice fit. Arrived earlier than expected. Thrilled because I needed it for my nephews wedding. Everyone that saw it on me before the wedding said I should wear it. I’m still “on the fence” because I have a little belly. They suggested SPANX. LOL


Nice dress for the price.  Very flattering neckline.  I am petite 5'3 105 lbs. The x small fit, but it is a bit loose at the waist.  The lace is stretchy and very comfortable. I ordered both the green and the navy and ended up keeping the Navy.  I am going to add a navy sash/ribbon.


This dress is very elegant and I love it. My size is a 27 waist, 33 bust, 110 lbs, 5'2". The waist is slightly loose on me, but not too bad. It could come in an inch or so for my liking, but I'm really glad I ordered the X-Small--overall its fits well and is comfortable. The material is very nice.


Beautiful dress, nicely made, fit perfect! This lace has a ton of stretch and it fit perfectly! I was so nervous, especially about the arms not fitting, but this dress had beautiful stretch. Loved it! It was the perfect dress for an anniversary night out.


I was very nervous buying this product online as I haven’t bought too many clothes on amazon before. I needed this to come ASAP for a bridal shower in 2 days where everyone had to wear Maroon.. although the color of the dress was more red than wine red, it still suited the occasion perfectly. The material draped nicely and felt good quality and not cheaply made. I received a lot of compliments on the dress and everyone was pleasantly surprised when I told them I bought this off of amazon. I would highly recommend buying this dress!! Can’t wait to wear it again


