I am 5'1" 125 lbs and 34c chest, and an XS fit me perfectly. The edging on the lacing was really raggedy when it came, but the rest of the dress is nice and seems good enough quality for the price; I'm just going to try to trim the edges down so they don't look cheap and frayed.


This is a beautiful dress!  I bought this for a honeymoon cruise, my husband loved it!  I'm 5'3 132 lbs and ordered a small........ it's fits perfect!


The shoulder lace stays in place, true to the color shown, goes just to the knee.


Wow wow wow!! This dress is not only gorgeous, but extremely comfortable, allowing a great night of dancing. For what the price is, this dress is a steal and is something that will never go out of style. It looks like a classic. I am 5’6” and weigh 165 pounds. I am pear shaped, so my upper portion is super small and I typically wear a small-medium t-shirt. But my hips are large where I wear a size 8 jeans and size 10 shorts! I ordered a small and it fit perfectly!! In fact it was a little loose, which I liked! So if you’re small on top and bigger on the bottom, go with the size t-shirt you typically wear and you’ll be safe! I may even end up buying this dress in more colors!!


Oh my god this dress is so beautiful! It fits a little bigger than usual- I went with a small and I’m 5’3 about 140 lbs. I wear a C cup but this dress was perfect without a bra (at least for me)


The rubber type lining was perfect and kept the dress up all night. I would be careful with it because it can snag.


I love it and I’m so pleased with the purchase. Buy this for any wedding or holiday party, you won’t be sorry.


FYI the red is definitely more on the red side, not merlot.


Good quality. I am 5' 6" 126lb, 34D, 26-27 waist, and 36 hips. I got the extra small and it was still big around the waist so I am adding a black waist belt and it looks great now! It is pretty long, a few inches past the knee for sure, has a conservative yet flattering shape. Overall happy with it!


Very pretty dress, but way too big. I needed an xsmall. The sleeves were not long and not quarter, not sure where they were supposed to land. The quality was fantastic, wished it fit but had to return.


This dress was so cute and comfortable! I usually wear a medium and that was what I ordered. It fit just fine. The fabric that lines this dress is thin though so you will definitely want to wear a slip underneath. Other than that, it is a great dress and I received many compliments!


This dress was EXTREMELY rough and drove my skin nuts until I could get it off! The shape was also VERY unflattering and the color was more red than marron as the picture shows.


Perfect fit.


I love this dress! I bought 2 navy dresses (this and another lace dress) and this one was the favorite! I am currently expecting so I was a little worried about the sizing and the length as a belly would raise the length slightly, but this dresses still works. I am not sure what size I would have needed not being pregnant so I will just say that I got lucky ordering an XXL. It hits right at the knee and is very nice. Love the fabric as it is not cheap feeling at all. The dark navy blue is exactly what I wanted and with a strand of pearls it will be super classy for the simi formal event I will be attending!


