I wore this dress to a wedding and got lots of compliments. It's beautiful. However, be aware that the lining layer under the lace is a bit shear. Fortunately, a black slip worn underneath solved the problem, but I would not have been able to wear it without one.


It is a beautiful dress. There are two parts to this dress (they are attached) The first is a dark blue silk underlay that is strapless. The second is the lace overlay. I wasn't sure about the fit because I am used to wearing dresses that are entirely loose or fitted throughout. This dress is a little bit of both. It fits snug on the chest, I am 145 lb, 5'2, 36B bust. This dress comes right to my knees and is a little longer in the back. I bought this dress as a back up to the original dress I wanted to wear for a wedding. This is a formal dress and will work for formal or semi-formal events. However, it did take a while for me to accept the dress. I began the process to return it, but after trying it on a few more times I do love it.


Thanks!


Great dress. I received numerous compliments on it and felt beautiful.


LOVE this dress! I received so many compliments on it - no one believed it was from Amazon. I'm usually in between sizes and prefer to size down -


 I was a little nervous to do so but the material is a little stretchy, so it worked out great! I'm 5'8" and it hit perfectly right above the knee.The dark red color is exactly as pictured. I washed it in a garment bag just so that it didn't stretch out and it was perfectly fine. I'll definitely be wearing this again and again.


Shipped promptly, I needed it in time for a Krampus photoshoot. Love this dress! It's a light dress and love the way it twirls. I'm 4'11" and 34D. I ordered it in a size small. Was a little long but I added a petticoat to give some lift. The lace wasn't itchy and its stretchy enough to have the right amount of room in the chest, without feeling tight.  The rubber straps on the inside made the inner dress (slip) and around the shoulders stay in place. I didn't have to worry about having to adjust the sleeves. Its my new favorite black party dress. .The belt in photo I added to make it look more goth.


Wore this gem to a wedding. Smokeshow!! Couldn't decide between red or black....


Ordered large and medium.


Beautiful dress!  I am 5'6 and weigh 170 lbs.  The size L fits perfectly and is very flattering!


This is a beautiful dress. Worth every penny. Honestly I expected to be disappointed because it was such a low price but it exceeded my expectations. I'm 5'6. 200 lbs ordered an XL it was perfect. The only thing I wished I could have had was pockets! Mine was black don't recall if there were other color options.


This dress is amazing and flattering. I am not a small woman and this fit and flattered more than many dresses 10 x the price. Do not hesitate to give this a try. I received so many compliments and felt comfortable and confident in it.


I love this dress! It is a dark navy blue as shown and I plan on wearing it a wedding this summer. It has small elastic straps that you cannot see that hold the shoulder section up so it looks really nice and stays where it is supposed to. I am 5'6", 125 lbs and got a small and it fits perfectly! If you are eyeing this dress, get it. It is such a great deal for such a comfortable and adorable dress!


