I’m a 16/18 so I ordered an XL and an XXL to be safe. (In different colors to boot, because I’m indecisive. Let fate decide.) Of course I have a party this weekend, so it’s crunch time. But I loved this dress and it seemed super flattering even on plus sizes.


The XL came first. I LOVED it, but it was just a little too snug. The XXL came tonight. It appears to be a different brand (?) and is way smaller than the XL. It also just seems to be a poorer quality all around, including strange typos on the tag. So my advice to you...make sure you know what you’re getting! And order early in case something unexpected arrives.


This dress didn't really look like it did on the model. I almost sent it back, but was in a rush to go to a wedding and decided to wear it. I have never received so many compliments on a dress before! I did like that it fit my shoulders well- I have broad shoulders to begin with and it can be hard to find dresses to fit. I think it may have been a smidge too big, but since it was for a church wedding, I am glad I didn't get a smaller size. I am 5'6", 145 pounds, 34C and got a medium. The dress hit right at my knees.The lace sleeves snagged really bad. If I didn't get so many compliments on the dress, I would have given it 3 stars. I am still flabbergasted as to the amount of compliments I received.


Gorgeous dress!  I was surprised by how great the dress fit and looked, it was totally perfect for my company party. I bought two sizes just in case the sizing was wrong, but the dress turned out to be true to size so I didn't need the larger one after all.  One thing to note is that there are two choices for dark blue and one is an all lace dress while the other is a lace bodice with a plain skirt. I only found out because I ordered one of each by accident. They're both gorgeous in style!  Very happy with the results.


The material is nice, doesn't look or feel cheap. The sewing is good- the folds along the waste are artfully done and look good. But the cut of the lace along the top is strange. Instead of 3 waves, its just one in the middle, which looks strange. The arm cuffs are awkwardly wide, and hang off. The dress is longer than in the photos (covers the knees and a bit more). And overall, its larger than advertised. I usually get a small anywhere I shop, and it works for me. I saw this ran large so I got an extra-small. Still fit me as if it were a medium or perhaps a large. On the plus-side, they give a full refund if you return it, so no harm in buying, if your event isn't coming within a few days.


The dress fit EXACTLY right and is beautiful. It has a lot of stretch so you may not even need to unzip it to put it on. However, be very careful because the lace is very delicate and there is no fabric other than lace on the upper half. The slip on the inside does have a line of sticky material to help it stay up and I found it an amazing perk to this fabulous dress. The dress is constructed very well and the material is quality. With the slip you should be comfortable at most temperatures as I found it to be surprisingly warm. Tip: Remove the tag in the back as it is on the lace and is easily visible through.


GORGEOUS! Don't hesitate... lovely dress. The lace and material are verrrrrrry soft. I do wish the sleeves were a tad longer, but I have long arms so sleeves end just above my wrist bones. I purchased the dress in black. The waistline is raised a bit but I'm 5'6", 145#, 34DDD bust with a short torso and longer legs. I was on the fence to purchase a small vs. medium... last second, I ordered the medium. Thank goodness! A small would've been too tight. The *only* thing that would make this dress totally perfect is pockets. But all in all, such a pretty dress and can't wait to wear during holidays! Fantastic value... I might get the blue as well!


The other reviews are right! This dress is so flattering and the top does stay up.  The lining is great too.  I'm 5' 5", 198lbs, small chested and apple body shaped.  XL fit wonderfully and probably someone a bit bigger would fit it well too.  I probably could have gotten away with wearing L.  Some folks had issues with the sleeves being shorter, it was full length for me. However, not as fitted as the model picture for sure.  More like a normal shirt.


Ordered this dress in a pinch! It arrived the next day and fit perfectly! I am 5’6 and 240lbs purchased the 2x. It fit perfectly! I got a lot of compliments on this dress. I will be wearing this again, soon! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because it smelled pretty funky upon arrival, but came out in the wash! Would definitely recommend purchasing this to others!


The quality is great!!! The color is amazing!!! It stretches and it’s flowy, I am 5’3 weight 135 and I got a size small. It does fit about 2 1/2-3 inches below my knee so I am planning on getting it hemmed to fit right at my knees so I don’t look as short! :)


-lene


i initially bought a large, my true size, but the bust was a tad too small. I'm 38 DD. I returned it for XL, which fits the boobs perfectly fine but the arms & waist are now a tad too large. I love how dressy & classy the dress looks for an upcoming wedding so I'll live with the extra space in the XL. its still fitted and does not look too big. Additionally, the lace is very pretty and makes my shoulders look sexy :-)


