Dress is beautiful and quite a bargain. Color is rich and deep, lace is soft and comfortable- not scratchy feeling. It does gap a bit in the back, across the shoulders, but it can be tailored to fit a bit better and for the price I paid, I have no problem doing that!


Oh my god this is the most comfortable dress I’ve ever owned!! I even hate going brakes but did it in this dress and didn’t think twice about it!! Also, I have the sleeves pulled up in the picture, but normally they go down to my wrists!


I love the dress but it does run a bit bigger, especially across the top. But the lace is soft and stretchy and the workmanship is fantastic. If you buy, and you run between sizes, order the smaller size.


Love this dress!!


The waist was really high on me but I am 5'11".  The fabric was nice and surprising soft for lace.


I am 5'9" and weight 123, it is a tiny bit short waisted, however, it fits overall so well, I can live with that.  It is really comfortable and I like the off the shoulder, it stays on very well and is beautiful on.


I love this dress! I am 5’7” and 220 (size 18/20) and xxl fit perfectly!  I got lots of compliments - i did wear the lace pulled up a bit higher on my shoulders than shown in the pic so I could wear a bra with straps.


I love this dress! I am 5'8" and a size 14/16. This hugged my curves and was super flattering! I'll be wearing it for my engagement photos.


This is an amazing dress! Comfortable AND classy!!!! I am 5’5” 145ish lbs,  I usually wear medium/size 6, but after reading reviews I ordered small and fits like a glove. Lace is stretchy and could stretch to fit many shapes, so sizing is forgiving! I have this in blue and needed a red dress and instantly thought of this dress! Receiving red dress tomorrow can’t wait! The blue did not have the lace on bottom, but red will be all lace! You will NOT regret this dress it’s a such bargain too!!!!


This dress is beautiful! I received multiple compliments on it from total strangers while walking down the street. It fits perfectly, it's comfortable, the shoulders stay put. Great dress - especially for the money.


