ordered a small i am 4' 11 125 pounds breast sz 34ddd. so the top part fit perfect and the bottom was a little loose and very long, past my knees. But non the less this dress was super cute and comfortable even if it was a lil long.


There is nothing I can say about this BEAUTIFUL dress that has not already been said. This dress is magic and I can't imagine a body type that it would not compliment. I am 5 1", 116 lbs and purchased the red in a small and love it! Gifted the blue in medium for mom and she loves it. It's such a great dress for special occasions and I assure you, you will look great in it!


Could be just a tad longer to look a little more elegant. It is very nice and lovely on. Does not wrinkle, so great for trips for that special occasion.


Absolutely gorgeous!! I received so many compliments on this dress! It definitely doesn’t look like I got it off amazon, it looks and feels high end! So happy with this purchase. I am 5’3” and 155 pounds and I ordered a small, it fit perfect!


The wife wore this to our Fireman's banquet the end of February and besides it looking amazing on her, she got a lot of compliments from the other women about it. It is a stunning looking dress.


I am so leery of ordering clothes online because of past sizing issues. I have never been more pleased with an Internet buy. The lace is nice. The cut is perfect. I ordered a 2x (5'11" 180). The length is perfect for any occasion, I believe. The off the shoulder cuff of the dress is impeccably sized.  I may need one in every color. Good buy to make any gal feel pretty!


After reading other reviews, I ordered a size smaller than I normally wear, and it fits perfectly. I am 36 bust, 31 waist, 140 lb and normally wear a size 10. The small fits me perfectly. The dress is very well made, flattering, and comfortable to wear!


Looked lovely! Perfect for my daughters vintage inspired Halloween costume.


Didn't like the dress, very unflattering in my opinion. Felt like wearing lace drapes. Worst of all, had to pay to ship it back for half the cost of the dress. Should have donated it to Goodwill.


Lovely looking dress, but there is a weird zipper at the waist and I couldn't get it to come over my chest


