I’m absolutely in love with this dress! Bought it to wear to my husbands Holiday Party (top 3 tech companies in Silicon Valley) and it was a huge hit and  I received sooo many compliments.


It fit like a dream and was incredibly comfortable. I’m 5’5”, 198 lbs, 38D bust, size 16 pants/large top. I have a big back side and a Mom tummy that this dress covered beautifully. It enhanced my waist and hid my tummy and back side which is always a plus.


I bought the 3/4 sleeve length option and it was perfect. The shoulders will ride up while dancing etc but it still has a beautiful neck line if you’re not wearing it off the shoulder. Over all my new favorite and future go to dress, and with that price, I mean come on, buy this dress!! You won’t regret it!!


First off, the dress is nice, the color is pretty, and the quality is ok, the lace is very soft which makes the dress very comfortable.


I know Chinese sizes run small, so I thought I would be ok with the small, which is the smallest size available.


I'm 5'2" and 110lbs. The dress is definitely a little loose, but I could live with that, what I can't leave with is how awfully long it is.


I obviously expected it to be a bit longer in me given my short height, but the model in the pic must be 7 feet tall, because this dress hits me below mid calf, it's awful lenght.


I got it for a very nice price, which makes me consider having it altered since I like it so much, but I might just return it.


I really wish they made more sizes, because they have some really pretty dresses


I absolutely LOVE this dress. I am 5'5" 200lbs and ordered an XL. Perfect fit and so comfortable! I wore it to a wedding yesterday and got so many compliments on it. Definitely my new favorite.


Love love love this dress! Fit beautifully and was very comfortable! I wore it for a work gala/party and cannot wait until I can wear it again. It was a good material. 4 stars because it arrived with snags and threads hanging in a couple places, but we'll worth the purchase!


The fit on me just was not as flattering as I would have liked. I'm a size 12, 5'6" and ordered the XL. My DD chest was a bit too big for this style, in my opinion. While a strapless bra did hold everything up nicely, the dress stretched across and made my chest look uni-boobish (like a sports bra). I'm not sure if a larger size would have helped.


The sleeves were 3/4 on my arms, not full length like I was hoping for or saw in other reviews.


However, the dress is very pretty. Nice construction and a zipper on the side (although it was stretchy enough to not be needed). The lace is quality and the length is nice. The navy color is true to what I saw on my screen, a deep navy. The anti-slip shoulders really did stay in place when I tried on the dress.


I was worried to order a dress online as someone who has trouble finding things that fit well even in stores, but I was pleasantly surprised. I am 5'8 with the measurements 43" bust, 33" waist, and 44" hips and ordered an XL despite usually wearing a large. The sleeves are not full length, but they look good anyway. I was also worried about the shade of green it would be in person since no one else had posted a picture of the dress in this color, but it's a nice  dark emerald type of green. Hopefully this review can help someone decide whether or not this dress is for them. For the price, I'd say go for it!


I am normally a medium, but I ordered a large because I wanted it to be longer/come past my knees. I also got it to wear to work, and I am pregnant, so a little room to grow is good! It fits great. I am 5'4" so it will be shorter on anyone that is taller, obviously. I really like the quality of this dress. Sometimes when you order things online, they are very thin and not good quality. But this dress has a nice inner layer for good coverage without forsaking the lace design. Love it!


Underneath the lace there's a thin layer of fabric with a sticky bit at the top, like a slip. Sadly for me, it wouldn't stay up at all, let alone offer any support. I can't imagine wearing this without a bra, as some reviewers claimed to have done. I wore this with a bra underneath and, as I did not have any strapless bras on hand, the straps were pretty obvious. Thankfully, the bra I had was the same shade of blue as the dress and might have passed for looking like part of the dress... maybe. Overall, the dress didn't fit too well on me, I may have ordered a size too big this time, or maybe this dress just isn't for me. I've only worn it once so far, and may not wear again for a while, just as many other more formal dresses are known to stay hidden in my closet. I imagine it would look very pretty on someone else.


Usually I avoid lace but the cut and style of the dress drew me in.  It's very comfortable, looks fantastic on, depending on your chest size, you may be able to get away without wearing a strapless bra - straps would definitely show.  It's somewhat stretchy, comfortable, can be dressed up for a more glam look or down for more of a night out.  It looks adorable when adding a petticoat underneath.  For ladies who have trouble with larger arms, no worries - the sleeves fit great and had some flexibility so you don't feel like your arms are restricted.  I ordered the darker red, thinking it would be more burgundy but it's more of a dark cranberry.  Still,  that shade works for me!  This dress makes me feel feminine, elegant and pretty, yet it's still super comfortable.


I'm 5'5, weight 155 pounds, 36D and I got the small size it fits like a glove


