The bottom half of the fabric is a tougher fabric. It's stretchy and almost feels cheap. However, after having wearing it for a date, this dress looks splendid on and am happy to report that the fabric on the bottom half helps keep dog hair off! Who knew?!


The body, shoulder, and waist fits as expected. I'm 5'4, bra size 34C and wear size 2 jeans. The dress looks great but too long for me. It's over the knee and I was looking for something below the knee.


I’m 5’9”, 158 lbs, athletic build and a Medium fit perfectly! Very nice quality, soft lace (so beware of snags). Pleased that the length was still appropriate- dresses are always too short on me.


I ordered this as my "Best Girl" dress for my uncle's wedding. It fit great and was very comfortable. Just the right amount of stretch. I had so many people compliment this dress and ask where I got it. Now I'm on Amazon looking for another dress from MissMay for a cruise.


This dress is so gorgeous I love it. The blue color is beautiful and I got so many compliments. The lace is stretchy which is great b.c I have bigger arms and am more busty. A great length too.


Love this dress! It fits about the same size as you would normally wear but is very stretchy. I used it for my engagement photos and got so many compliments on it!


Received this dress today, and it fitted perfectly. It is indeed a beautiful dress. I'm giving it 3 stars because the dress was in a sealed plastic package when I got it, however, when I opened it, saw that the dress is full of cat/dog hair. It also has some snags which is disappointing for an item listed as "new" item.


It's been 18 years I haven't  wore a dress .... speciao because I gain weight.. but this dress is so beautiful.. I felt like a princess.. my husband was amazed how beautiful a dress looks on me..


I wear size 22 pants shirts 2XL.. so this dress fit me very lovely..


This dress was stunning for the price!! I’m 5’2 and about 120lbs and ordered and XS. It was classy and comfortable!!


I bought this for a wedding and received so many compliments. I am so happy with my purchase. I dressed it up with some cute accessories and it may the dress look uber expensive.


