At first, I ordered in navy in size medium. Based on reviews most people recommend to order a size smaller because the dress runs big. When I tried, it was a little bit snug. So I had to return it. Then I ordered a size large in red color. It is beautiful and fit perfect on my body! Both colors navy and red are beautiful! I love boat neckline on this dress! Good price and great quality!


I love this dress. Very comfy and classy looking. The waist line seam is visible so I wore it with a belt. Love the off the shoulder. I'm 5'7" and 140. Bought a small. Fit fine. There's a little stretch factor. just didn't want it to look baggy.  Very happy.


Purchased xs navy blue. I'm "hippy" with a small chest, just shy of 5'1", and about 110 lb today. Really wanted to like this dress, but everything was loose including the sleeves. The dress was too big and had some give, so I think the xs will fit well anyone who is one to possibly three sizes bigger. The dress itself was nice with soft lace (not itchy and won't get caught on things). The color is a little brighter blue than pictured, but still looks great. The hem of the lining hits right below my knees and the hem of the lace hits about an inch or two below my knees. The dress has a hidden side zipper, but you can still see the zipper tab, which is small, smooth, and dangly. The dress would have been perfect if it were not so big, thus my search continues.


This dress is beautiful. I was so excited when it arrived. I'm wearing the dress with cute cowgirl boots for my daughters wedding as she is having a Country Western themed wedding. The dress fits in all the right places. It's stretchy and made very well. The shoulders have stretchy bands sewin into the dress so the shoulders stayed up. I was a little worried about what bra to wear but there is a built in bra thing so no need for a bra. You won't be disappointed with this dress.


I needed a dress for a family funeral. Although, the material looks thin and dressy in the picture, it's actually fairly thick. The way you wear the outfit can either create a somber note, making it appropriate for funerals or you can dress it up with accessories to bring some bling and accents to it. Obviously, since it's a funeral, I didn't take any pictures with it on, but I can give some pointers. The zipper almost got stuck, but I was able to correct that. If you're tall it (5'9) it falls just about mid thigh, so you don't look like a crazy party girl to a more somber event. Anyone taller than 5'9 and you may feel the dress is too short on you. The scalloping on top, did give the dress a regal feel, which I felt was appropriate and warranted as it was my father in law's funeral. It will be a while before I wear this dress again, due to its associations, but if you need something for a funeral this dress is it. If you want a fun party dress, this will only work if you add in those details, otherwise the stiff material and elegant top will give you too severe of a look at the festivities.


I am 5'1 and a size 2/4 and XS/S in most clothing. I got the smallest size available and it was hanging off of me like an old lady dress. Way past my knees, off the shoulders, not cute at all. I would say if you are much smaller than a 6 or petite this dress will not fit you.


This came super fast. It's sweet on and easy to wear. I wore it to chaperone our prom. I was happy with it.


This dress is not flattering.  There is so much extra material in my underarms, I do not feel sexy at all wearing this.  I ordered a Medium. I'm going to order a small and see if it fits any better. I have pretty broad shoulders so that's probably part of the problem. I'm 5'7", 150#, size 6-8, 34B. I ordered my true size according to *most* reviewers but will try sizing down one. I will try to update once I try on the Small size.


I am plus-sized (38DD, between a 2X and 3X normally), and due to my short waist, I avoid dresses like the plague.  I needed one for a wedding, though, and took a chance on this, hoping the XXL (in Navy) would be sufficient.  It was more than that!  As much as I *can* like a dress on me, this is perfect.  It fits nicely and with room to spare.  The drape is lovely.  I was very impressed with the fabric lining in the bodice -  with the grip-strip along the top hem to keep the material in place for modesty.  I'm 5'6 and it hits just under the knee on me, so if I could change anything about it I would make it a tad shorter to be knee-length or just above.  Other than that, it's lady-like, sophisticated, and flattering.  And you can't beat the price!  With the money I saved by not purchasing a much-pricier dress, I'll be buying a ribbon belt to go with this to define the waist and some fun new shoes!  I think I might actually be confident this time around.  :)


This. dress. is. PERFECT! I purchased to wear to my husband's military promotion ceremony.  For reference, I am 175 lbs, 5'5", size 10 pants, size M or L shirts, and 36C bust; I order this dress in a large and it fit perfectly! The lace is incredibly soft, and the lining underneath is just as soft and comfortable. No itching whatsoever. The neckline and shoulders stay nicely in place thanks to silicon strips inside the garment. I am incredibly surprised as the value I received for my money. The length is just above my knee. I've seen similar dresses like these in Nordstroms and Macy's, and cost well over $100 bucks. This has easily become my favorite piece in my wardrobe!


