Found another dress I liked better or I would have kept this one.  Beautiful color.  Was a little small and fit funny on the waistline.  Not really empire, not really at the waist.  I am short (5' 2"), and if this dress is supposed to fit at the waist it is really short-waisted.  Overall good quality and does not look cheap.  Nice flow and the off-the-shoulder detail is great, good length too, very flattering.


Gorgeous dress. Fits like a glove. Very nice material can't wait to wear it to a friends wedding!  Thank you MissMay


I needed a dress for my husbands office party and just couldn't find the right one anywhere. I was  nervous  about odering online but was running out of time. I found the dress 5days before the party and decided to take a chance and order it. It got here Three days later from order date. To my surprise it is  stitched  well and the faberic is soft. The lace is "strong" and doesn't look  cheap. Very happy with the dress and the way it look in it!!!


Perfect for my daughters Christening! Glad I ordered the Medium, runs a little bit big so the M fit perfectly. 5"5 160


I am normally a size medium, but I order a large after reading reviews and such. The large was a little big. I think the medium would have fit me better, but I like the extra room. It's a lovely dress, a little heaver on the bottom though. I'm 5'1, 160 lbs and 36DD, so I'm on the chubbier and shorter side of things. It was more of a quarter sleeve, and feel below my knees. Also, there was a hole in the dress.. otherwise I would have given this dress 5 stars.


This dress is gorgeous in person (I purchased the dark blue). It fit fairly true to size, maybe a little big but not enough to me to size down. The lace sleeves are stretchy and the shoulders have no-slip hidden elastic bands so the dress stays in place. The quality was excellent for the low price. It was comfortable all night, a big hit!


This was returned. I do have a large chest, but the seaming was right under my breasts. It was very unflattering on my chest and made me look pregnant. Not for me.


great buy for the price, looks good quality, fits great and is comfortable. love everything about the dress, I use a belt with it that makes the outfit perfect !


I ordered this as a bridesmaid dress. The material is soft, and looks beautiful. It's elegant enough for the wedding, but I think I can pull off wearing this for a nice party or occasion too. The xsmall fit better than the small. (I am 5"5' and 122 lbs.)


I am 5'5'' and 143 lbs, and I ordered the medium size. It was a little big for my size and rests just below the knee. Its is really flowy and did not shrink after wash. Very impressed by the material. The shoulders fit well and do not fall at all. The dress is very well lined.


