Oh my goodness! This dress is fantastic! I absolutely love the feel, the weight, and how flattering it is. This is just the pic of me trying it on so excuse the purple socks and lack of makeup. :P


I am 5'6" and 170 lbs. I'll probably wear this with a body shaper but I could go without. I love that you can adjust where the shoulders land and the inside piece can be adjusted to come up higher or lower across your chest. Definitely a dress worth buying.


I think that this dress is simply beautiful. Pretty heavy good quality fabric. Definitely worth the price. I got navy blue medium. The only thing I might say that is the waistline is slightly higher than I would like to have but I am tall and  this dress has very defined waistline.


I love this dress and received so many compliments when wearing it! The only drawbacks are I have think the torso and skirt line feel a tiny bit bulky (but that does mean it hides any lines or squishy hips lol) and the dress sizing runs large. I am used to dresses I buy online running small. I usually wear a medium, so I ordered a large. It fit alright in the torso, but was very loose in the arms. I ordered a medium and small and ended up keeping the small!


This dress is so beautiful. The material is high quality and it compliments my body shape. One thing, if you’re in between sizes, go for the smaller one because i has ordered the large at first which is what i usually wear but i sometimes go for medium, and it was a little bit big so i ordered the medium and it fits so perfectly. i need this dress for tomorrow so i ordered it yesterday and got it today and i’m so happy with it. Definitely worth the money!


Ordered this in the wine color as a bridesmaid's dress for a wedding. I'm 4'11 and orderee a small. The dress comes past my knees, almost mid shin. It's very long, would be perfect for someone taller. However, the color is a bright red!


I bought this dress based on the reviews....I was 100% SATISFIED!!!  The color is like a sexy deep red, but it is perfect for my Valentines Day Courthouse Wedding!!  I got the petticoat and it compliments the dress PERFECTLY!!!  I tried it on and didnt want to take it off.....especially when I put in the sparkly necklace that I purchased too!!!  I will be coming back for a black one real soon..... Two Thumbs Up!!!


The size was accurate as per previous comments. But too much material. The top half of the dress was great, the bottom half was too much. Didnt hang well. I had bought a size Large for reference.


Everyone love the dress


I am 5'11 and 145, I could have easily gotten a small but I have broad shoulders and went with a medium. I love!!!! The material is not thin but light, so very breathable. I ordered this for senior pictures/graduation and am so excited!!!! it is so flattering and 10000000x worth the price.


This dress is great! It’s really pretty and a fabulous price. I wore it to a wedding and got multiple compliments.


