The dress fabric is nice but the fit is not. However unlike what many reviewers said about the shoulders catching correctly, I found that they rode up. Also the middle area bunches. For an a-line dress it was supremely unflattering and did not flatter my curvy figure at all. Also arrived wrinkled and did not look like it would travel well.


I ordered this as part of a halloween costume and was pleasantly surprised! I would definitely wear this address for other events. The lace is pretty heavy duty, the fit was nice, and it washed well. I washed in my machine on gentle cycle even though it says to hand wash, it turned out just fine. I even dried on low heat.


This dress is just beautiful, and while I expected the lace to be awfully scratchy, it was soft as hell. The material is good quality and it flairs out at the hips just enough. I ordered a medium, I am 5'2" and 160lbs. It was a bit too small for me and as much as I loved it, it squished my chest and was overall not very flattering.


I love this dress!  It fits perfectly and even though it's made out of lacy material, it feels soft and comfortable.  Usually anything with lace is itchy, scratchy and drives me crazy, but this literally feels like you're wearing a nightgown.  I love how the boat neck that is supposed to lay across the tops of your shoulders actually does!  The edges of the neckline have a material that has a slight stickiness so that it stays on your skin and doesn't slide off (don't know what this stuff is called). I have small shoulders and usually can't wear this type of style because the sleeves end up just sliding off and I'm constantly pushing and tugging.  This isn't like that, it fits and stays put.  It's a great length, right below the knees. You could really wear with any heel height.  I had to wear mine with stiletto heeled boots because it was freezing and rainy out.  It would have looked better with a prettier pair of shoes but what can you do when the weather won't cooperate?  My daughters and husband all said wow when they saw this dress.  My very fashionista daughter already wants to borrow it.  (I a 5'3" and 120 lbs. and I got a Small).


Only gave it four stars because it runs a big. Order a size down so you wont have that extra material loose around the back of the dress and under the arm. I am gonna take it to the cleaners to see what they can do. My regular size is a 4/6 so I got a small needed a xs.


It was too big on me, but the quality of the dress exceeded my expectations. It was soft and not thin. If it had fit, I would've kept it no problem! I ordered a size large, even though I'm usually a medium simply because that's usually the rule of thumb with clothing online. This is actually true to size


I love love love this dress, first, let me say, the dress is stretchy.  I’m 168lbs 5’6”.....I ordered a large based on the reviews, but I should have gotten a medium.  It worked for what I needed it for.  Since the dress is so pretty and fits almost perfect I will order a medium and give my sister the large. I think I’m the only one who thinks I need a medium,  I just thought it would feel better if it was a little tighter,  want to actually feel the dress on me.


I love love this dress. This’s the first time to order clothes from the internet, I am glad I did. I wore it for Christmas and I got sooooo many compliments. I will buying more dresses from this brand. The material is very stretchy so it covered all my body flaws. The material is very soft and expensive looking. If you like the dress then buy it, you won’t be disappointed. For reference I’m 5’3 and 165 pounds. I wear a medium tops and large bottoms and I got a medium and it fits like a glove. It’s stretchy so if you’re in between sizes go with the smaller size.


I am 5'3" and 120 lbs, originally I ordered a small but ended up returning for an x-small, which is still somewhat large but not as much. It is also pretty long on me, it goes a couple inches below the knee. But it is very beautiful so I am keeping it and plan to just take the hem up a few inches so it's a little more flattering on my short frame


I wanted to wait till my banquet to write a review. I purchased this dress from another vendor and it did not fit right and there was a tear in one of the sleeves, terribly made. I returned the dress and ordered this one. I was very very pleased. Great stitching,  great quality fabric. I am 171lbs, 34 waist, 43 hips. I ordered the Large and also got a petticoat. Fit Perfect! My picture shows one sleeve shorter than the other. Forgot to adjust when I took the picture. Arm length perfect, skirt length is below the knee. One small tip, lots of static. I threw mine in a dryel bag with a fresh dryel sheet on a low heat for 30 mins. Came out perfect.


