Gorgeous dress! I am 5 5 and the length was perfect. It runs a tad bit big, not like your usual Chinese products so definitely do size up on this one. Great quality and material!


I absolutely adore this dress. I ordered last minute for a wedding and received so many complements on it. I typically wear a M/L (size 8) women's and went with a Large on this dress. It fit perfectly. The quality is great and the material is comfortable. I'm going to order it in other colors as well!


The dress is beautiful! Rich black (the close-up photo shows the colour better). The lace is not expensive and will likely rip/fray (recommend hand wash/dry clean), but it is sooo soft to the touch. The scalloped shoulders also fit well and have the rubberized inserts as others mentioned, to prevent slippage. A strapless bra is probably best for this dress, but a nude bra with a low back could also work. Perfect fit (reference: size 8/10 dresses, ordered L).


I love this dress it is so versatile I can't wait to wear it in the future!


I read so many of the reviews before purchasing this dress to wear to a wedding. When it arrived it was well packaged but quite wrinkled. Had it dry cleaned and it was wonderful. The shoulders had little grippers that kept the lace in place. I was worried that the lace would be scratchy but that was not the case at all. The dress, though form fitting, was very comfortable and I received quite a few compliments. Plus I felt good in it and for those of us who are carrying a few extra pounds, that's a wonderful thing. It's also very well made. Be careful of catching your jewelry on the lace. Very pleased with this purchase.


This dress was even more gorgeous in person. I LOVE it!!! I got so many compliments when I wore it. It fit as expected. I will DEFINITELY be purchasing from the maker and this seller as well. The packaging was PERFECT too. It came wrapped in plastic, of course, BUT it had an extra layer of wrapping that was easy to remove. I'd guess that the second layer of wrapping was just in case the garment encountered liquid...IDK. But at any rate, it was PERFECT!! Came on time too. I can't say enough about how much I loved this dress.


Very comfortable dress. Super soft and the shoulders of the dress sit securely by rubber so they won't slip down.  It isn't as tight or short as it's advertised, so take it to an alteration shop! The sleeves fit me like a 3/4 length rather than long sleeves :(  the tag in the dress was upside down lol


This was a great buy! I wore it to my friend's wedding and got a lot of compliments. People were shocked when I said I bought it on Amazon.


I'm 5'2 and about 120 and I ordered a small. I'd prefer if it was a little shorter but it looked fine with a pair of heels.


I ordered this dress for my engagement shoot and it fit perfectly! I'm 5'3" and about 130 lbs. I have a fairly large chest but this fit perfectly!


I wore this as my wedding dress yesterday, and it turned out fantastic!!! I am 5'3", 160 lbs, normally a size 10 dress, and a 34D bust. This dress fit perfectly. For this particular outfit and occasion, it needed quite a bit of sparkle, because the dress is so simple, but that is also the beauty of it. I was very comfortable all day in it. Overall, very beautiful and especially fantastic for the price I paid!!! I only have the one picture atm, but I will post another as soon as we get them back from the photographer.


