This dress is so pretty.  I always buy my dresses too big because I am weird, but even though it is a bit big for me it still works great.  And you cannot beat the price.


This dress is so beautiful and elegant and fits perfectly. I bought it to wear to a wedding and was afraid of the sleeves being tight, as they usually are on these types of dress for me but they weren't at all. It was so comfortable! I'm 5'9" and a size 20


This dress is soo perfect! I am so picky when it comes to the dress I want to wear on a special occasion! I wore this dress on my wedding day. And I got lots of complements about this dress from our guests. I am 180lbs, 5'3 and I ordered XL. Its worth the buck!


I wore this for a company party and got soooo many compliments. The review said it ran a little big so I went with my gut and got a size smaller. Fit perfect! It was so silky smooth and very comfortable to wear!!!!


I added the needed embellishment of an elasticized belt to the waist.  Sleeves are comfy and stretchy for the arms. I could not get the wrinkles out of the plain (not lace) bottom skirt but even if I did they would have come right back anyway. Hopefully, they were not noticeable.


Didn't look as nice in person as it does in the picture.  I kept and wore the dress because I was short on time, but I had more time to look for an alternative I would have.  It fit true to size, but the waist was higher than desired and the overall appearance of the dress was not as impressive.


This is a lovely dress I purchased for my daughter to wear to her 8th Grade orchestra competition. It fit exactly as pictured and was demure yet still interesting with its lovely lace sleeves and décolletage. She felt confident and beautiful. Great design at an affordable price.


True to size! I'm very skeptical when buying dresses online (I'm a bit larger in the mid-section), but this dress was just stretchy enough to be flattering from every angle. Lace is soft, not itchy. Shoulders and bust have gel grip so everything stays in place. I'm short (5'1"), so the hem falls just below the knee. Great dress, great packaging. Overall really happy I took a chance on this one.


Sizing: I did not go by sizing chart they have offered but the sizing chart Amazon offered. I got medium (8/10 according to amazon) and so for me it was true to size


Material was perfect! Fit me great. Hid my postpartum belly.


I was even able to nurse in it since material was so stretchy


Also pulled straps onto my shoulder since off shoulder dresses feel to reveling for me and it worked great


I ordered this dress last minute for Valentine's Day. It arrived within 48hrs. I was so happy with the quality of the dress! I am 5ft 6in and weigh 150. Bust is 36B. I normally wear a size Medium but ordered the large, and it fit perfectly!! It is very comfortable, and the stretchy lace is just beautiful! I received many compliments. My Husband loved this dress as much or more than I did! Very happy with this purchase!


