Dress looks great in the picture but is really short waisted and short in the skirt area.  I am 5'5' and felt it was more petite length.  For anyone with medium to larger breasts this dress will probably not work because the bodice is just too short.


This has to be one of the most comfortable dresses I ever tried on!!  The material is stretchy enough to give with movement, but still fits to your body.  I ordered a large (5'4 / 164 lbs) and it fit perfect.  I'm also large chested (DDD) and it actually makes me look a tad smaller there, which is awesome.  It falls really nice and lands at the top of my knee.  The Navy Blue is really gorgeous and am so glad I chose it.  I recommend this dress to all size women.


I bought this in white to wear after my wedding on our way to the honeymoon and I love it. It's very comfortable and soft. I was afraid the neckline wouldn't look good with my large chest because I wear a 38DDD bra, but with the illusion neckline, it looks good on anyone. It is slightly see-through because of the light colored material, but I wear nude colors under it and you can't see anything. I am very pleased with the dress. I am 5' 8" and 220 lbs and bought a 2X and it fits perfect. Comes right at my knees, so it's a perfect length. I would definitely recommend this dress.


It's really weird looking on a hippy person.  It fit, but it didn't look good.  Probably best on someone with a less curvy physique.


The dress looks really classy and I like the fabric a lot. My sensitive skin can handle it! I am 5 3 and was 140 when I bought the dress. Shortly after buying it I started on the whole30 diet for health reasons and dropped some weight (unintentionally) in 2 weeks so it was a little too big for me by the time the wedding I went to came around. I still wore it and it looked pretty nice, just not fitted. If you can't decide between small or medium, I would probably go small unless you have a larger bust. It's really cute, great length, and would have looked nicer if it was more fitted.


Incredible dress! Got so many compliments!


The zipper might be a bit tricky, but it'll zip up with a bit of patience. I got a Large and I am 5'2, 150 pounds, and a 36C. Large fit well, and I count my blessings that I didn't get any lower or any higher, as XL would've been way too baggy and M would've been too tight.


It was a bit too long for my liking, as I'm short, but not overtly noticeable. Get it a week or so ahead of any party or event you're wearing out to if you, too, are short but need a larger size, so that you may get it trimmed. BUT, if you like dresses that go a little beyond the knee, don't worry!


Fantastic product!


I love the way this dress fits me. I have a large bust area and this dress held these babies down. Was perfect for the even I had that night!!


I really do like this dress a lot. One thing that I didn't notice from posted pics is the zipper on the side of the dress, and the pleats inside holding the under dress to the lacey over dress. This does make it a little less figure flattering than it could be. 5'5, 170 lbs, 40-35-44, average frame with longish legs. The under dress lands just above my knees, with the lacey overlay coming in just below. Tasteful yet elegantly sexy.


Let me start by saying that I am NOT an online clothing shopper so purchasing this was a huge risk for me. I bought this dress to wear to a wedding and I was really hopeful after reading all the reviews. I probably read through and looked at all the pictures 2 or 3 times before coming to the conclusion that I should just go for it. I am usually a large so that's what I ended up buying. I'm roughly 200 pounds, 5'6" and I wear a 38C bra size. The dress has some stretch to it so it made it easy to get on and comfortable to wear. There is a left side zipper that yo can also unzip to make it easier to get on, but I really had no trouble anyways. The length ends just above my knees so it's very appropriate and stunning. I am apprehensive about buying shirts or dresses that are "off the shoulder," somewhat like this dress is, but it's really not a problem at all. I worn a nude strapless bra and it looked wonderful. I bought the black one so honestly you could even wear a a nude bra with straps and tuck them down on the sides and they'd hardly be noticeable. I bought the long sleeve one but it really doesn't come all the way to my wrists. It's just above, which I honestly prefer. I think this dress is totally gorgeous and worth the cost. I just need to buy another color now! I hope this review is helpful to others who are trying to decide what to do!


I'm 5'8", 175 lbs, 40D, 35" waist, 44" hips. I bought an XL dress... it did not fit me like I had hoped. It was a little tight in the bodice and the sleeves were too short. The picture shows the sleeves 'on' her shoulder. At 5'8" the sleeves need to be 2-3" longer to give me that same look. She must be 5'4 - 5" to get this look. I lowered it on my arms but it didn't achieve my desired look. My shoulders looked broad.


The dress is super soft and it has an elastic band holding the dress in place, which I liked. There is no bra support so I needed a strapless bra. Overall, the dress is gorgeous ... for the right person. The return process was AMAZINGLY FAST! I dropped it off at UPS at 5 pm and 2 hours later I got an email saying my refund had been posted. I suppose I could buy an XXL and hoped for a longer sleeve, but I think I look else where for my reunion dress.


