This dress mostly fit as expected. It certainly wanted for more of a bosom than I presently offer to fill it's bust, but that was really only noticeable as I was the one putting it one. I don't think anyone else noticed. the slip inside is attached as a lining, and it fits rather like a strapless dress with rubber lining the top so it doesn't slip (instead of the elastic we all know and...don't love). There are also rubber straps in the shoulders to allow the lace to cling without falling off your shoulders (so no pulling your dress up all the time!)


The dress is form fitting enough, classy, good length, and well fitting (aside from my small breasts, that is). I got the Navy, and it is true to color. Will wear and consider buying more.


Beautiful,  flattering, and so comfy! This Dress is amazing! So perfect for a wedding I'm attending this Fall. Beautiful!


Fit very poorly, too long, low-quality lace. Very disappointed, it's also a much brighter red than in the photo.


Best dress ever! Bought this for a wedding in February. Omg I got TONS of compliments, it’s very good quality, lays awesome on shoulders even had rubber lining to ensure proper fall off shoulders. Lining under so u can’t see bra. I am a curvy size 14, I wore a large, it fit awesome. I have a large chest. (I think the dress might run a little big)


Don’t hesitate on purchasing this if u want a lace long sleeve dress it’s awesome and I am very picky!


The dress was very pretty. I wore it to a large party and received so many compliments. The color was true and the fit was great. I did wear a petty coat and it added to the look. I would buy from this vendor again.


Absolutely gorgeous dress! Purchased for a wedding and it looks beautiful on. I have a little tummy bulge and the dress hides it nicely. For the price I don't you can find a better dress.


I ordered this dress to wear to a wedding on a whim, fully prepared to probably be sending it back. Boy, was I wrong! It’s beautiful and so we’ll made, especially for the price tag! I’m so excited to have found it. Plus, I can wear my regular black bra with it. I highly recommend this dress. I’m in a medium and I’m 5’8.


I'm 5'2", 135 lbs and the small fit me perfectly. If you're thicker through the waist, I'd go up a size. Also if you're tall, this may be shorter than you'd like.


I absolutely loved this dress. It made me look and feel amazing for a wedding! I'm 5'3 130lbs and a small was a little loose on me. Everyone gave me compliments all night! When I told them I got it off of Amazon, they didn't even believe me lol


Lovely dress. I feel like they messed up the size I ordered but it could also just be my mistake. I originally thought I was ordering an XL but a XXL came in. The dress was a bit big but otherwise great!


