I got so many compliments on this dress! I am 5'4" and weigh 150lbs and ordered a size medium. It fit very comfortably and wasn't too tight. It is also very forgiving and would probably look great on all body types. I received many compliments on the dress and no one could believe that I ordered it off of Amazon. If you're in doubt, just order it! I promise it won't disappoint!


This dress fit perfectly and looked beautiful and timeless. The material is good quality and the dress was very comfortable. I was worried that the arms might be too tight but the material is stretchy. I was contemplating between getting a large and a medium but read reviews saying that it runs a little bigger so I went with the medium! I think it depends on how you prefer your dress to fit. Medium would be good it you want the dress to fit closer to your body. Large if you want a looser fit. (Body type: 5’8”, 170lbs, hips: 42, waist: 34, bust: 40.)


Love the dress. I followed the reviews and went with small, LITERALLY fits like a glove as other customers stated. I received so many compliments a wedding I wore it to. I purchased the navy blue. Mouths dropped when I told people I got it from Amazon. Every female needs a dress like this in their closet for dressier events.


I have to admit, I was skeptical ordering a dress on Amazon but my daughter found this and for the price and reviews I ordered it.  The dress has a nice stretch to it and the lace is very soft.  My daughter typically wears a medium but is larger than average up top so we ordered both a medium and a large.  The large fit comfortably and looked fine however the medium had a much better fit overall.  The top does have a nice give, so it will stretch a bit.  She received tons of compliments.  Definitely a great buy...I may need to order one for myself!


Nice fit on top, but the waistline hit about two inches above my natural waist and made it look like a maternity dress. The quality of the lace was excellent, but too heavy on the bottom half. It made it hang down awkwardly instead of a smooth transition at the seam. I did love the zipper in the side and if I could take the top and apply it to a better fitting bottom, it would be perfect. I am 5'3" and 150 lbs. 36 C and the medium fit perfect.


Grand daughter was due home after a year out of the country in service. Then she tells us she wants her homecoming to also be her wedding. When I asked if she had a dress she said she thought so, but when I showed her a picture of this she loved it. She got home to try it on the day before and it was perfect.Only problem she thought she might have is if the arms were too tight but it was fine


Looks great, fits a little on the smaller size, sleeves are very skinny


Really beautiful dress, but it is indeed slightly large and long. I paid to get it altered, but I have no regrets since the price is quite good. The lace is very comfortable and does not irritate my sensitive skin at all.


An extremely flattering dress for larger sized women. I absolutely adore this dress and it looks amazing on a 2X sized woman.  I want to buy another one very soon in a different color or slightly different style.


Love this dress! It fit so well. The quality is lovely, and I feel this dress will last a long time with proper care. I'm 3 months postpartum by c-section and it didn't irritate my scar because it didn't rub. I'm 5'3, 162lbs and ordered a medium.


