I had crazy low expectations for this dress. I've been looking EVERYWHERE for a dress to wear to a wedding & this was my last resort. Honestly, should have looked here first. Soft lace, beautiful color, and extraordinary fit. Honestly couldn't ask for anything more from this dress!


Beautiful dress and very well made!  I was looking for a dress for my daughter for her 8th grade formal.  I felt like this dress was a perfect compromise...not too flashy and not $200, it was perfect.


I am very happy with this purchase, and my daughter was too!


This shipped immediately, was packaged perfectly, and I couldn't be happier. The material is so soft and lays perfectly. The fit is spot on and true to size. I will be wearing this on my honeymoon in Maui, and I know it will knock my fiancé's socks off when he sees it. I will definitely look for other products by this manufacturer.


I bought this dressed pretty much based on the reviews, and they were spot on.  The dress is lovely, it fits great, and makes me feel pretty.  What more do you want? And the price is great.  I'm 5'3, 150 pounds.  I bought the large, and it was perfect. I wore it to a wedding, and I got several compliments. Also the color is beautiful.  I'm thinking of buying the red one, too.


Like it specially the top part


For your info. I got a medium size I'm 5'4 tall


And weight 155 pounds curvy body type  it work very well for my liking the bottom is lil to much fabric  in just not used to wear much of those dresses I like more pencil kind of dress


Absolutely beautiful. I was skeptical but the dress is so soft and pretty! I do see some snagging in my future due to the fabric though.


Hem is incredibly crooked and uneven. I couldn't wear it to the function I purchased it for and by the time I tried it on and realized how bad it looked, it was too late to return so now I'm stuck with it.


I was so happy with this dress! I was impressed with the quality and surprised by how comfortable it was. I wore it to a wedding and got SO many compliments. It looks elegant and feels great. I’m 5’2” and 125lbs. The small was just a tiny bit big but not in any noticeable ways. Highly recommend!


This is an absolutely beautiful dress! I may have to see if there are other colors besides red!!!! Love, Love it!!!!!


Fits great! Material is somewhat stretchy and it’s really comfortable. I really like the length. I’m 5’-2” tall and it’s at my knees. Craftsmanship seems to be really good as well (I will update this review if that statement turns out to be false).


