So attractive, rather retro look, but this dress makes me feel sexy.....has enough give so it'll fit a size 8-10


I was initially skeptical about this dress..will it fit? will i like it on!


I am so happy!!! The dress fit like a glove. It wasn't too tight and it accentuated all the right parts of my body. It is vert classy chic. The material is so soft and the blue is stunning. I highly recommend  this purchase! spot on


I am a 5'7 and i weight about 149/150 pounds. Usually a size 6-8 and i got a medium and it wasn't too small or too big.


I truly like the dress, it is magnificent, the color and the lace, just perfect however in the chest area is to big for me, took it to a tailor I will pay more for alterations than the dress it self. Pitty that I have to returned.


Wore this to a gala! Got lots of compliments and felt very pretty! Wish it would have been a bit shorter. I’m 5’3” and it comes to my knees (i purchased a small). But it wasn’t detrimental. The fabric on top doesn’t look cheap. Fabric around the arms is stretchy so I didn’t feel constricted either. Definitely a good purchase. I would buy again!


It fit as expected, I got compliments at my Christmas Party.  Material stretches so it fits perfect.


Thank you


After trying on cocktail dresses in 9 stores with no luck, found this dress on line and took a chance. Absolutely love it. Fits perfectly, pleased with quality. Incredible price. I also ordered the taffeta half slip to pouf it out. Would highly recommend it for a real party look. Also dress skirt a little limp without it. I'm 5'2" weigh 135 and small was just right!!


I wore this to a wedding and received tons of compliments. It’s super comfy and the small fit perfectly. I typically wear a 6-8 top and am 5’9” and the length was right above my knee.


This is a lovely dress. It runs true to size. I ordered the navy blue dress very pretty color. I highly recommend this dress.


The dress is beautiful. The color is a nice rich red and the length is great. I'm 5'10" so finding dresses that aren't too short is a real problem. The torso does seem to be an odd length but it looks fine.


Really nice dress, at a great price. I wore this to a wedding and received lots of compliments on it.


