I love it... I have broad shoulders and still have a baby gut, but this dress is flattering and fit great!


Everyone loved this dress, including me!


OMG this dress is so beautiful. the material is so comfortable and it fits perfectly. Im normally a size 12 and I got a large. The off the shoulder is so sexy. I love this dress, I will buy more from this company.


Love this dress! Beautiful, fit perfect, and very comfortable. I also enjoyed that the length was a little longer and I didn't have to worry about my lady part showing. The lace is soft and a little stretchy!


The dress that I received was not the correct dress. I cannot speak to the dress shown above, because I did not receive it. However, the dress that I did receive was made from cheap material and felt itchy. It was an awkward fit around my chest and back, and the skirt was far below my knees, reaching an awkward length. The color was also a bright red, not a maroon as I was expecting. I received an entirely different dress, and am very unhappy about my purchase. The description said that the dress would be above knee, and a deep maroon color, so I have not at all satisfied with this purchase. I will not purchase from this seller again, because I do not trust them to deliver quality items after this unfortunate purchase.


Everything is wonderful about this dress! If you are a petite woman, know that this dress will be more of a midi length on you. I am 5'0" and the outer skirt hits about 3" past my knee. It should be very inexpensive to get alterations, though.


Loved!!!


Gorgeous in person! Fits great and seems to be actually high quality lace.


This dress is so pretty!  I wore it for engagement pictures, and it looks great in all of them!  The fit is great, I will say, it is somewhat stretchy, so if you are between sizes and are considering what size to buy, I would go with the smaller of the two!


I love this dress. i am 5'5 and 155 lbs and the fit is slimming, hits just by the knee in length and well made. unlike so many lace sleeves ive purchased in dresses these fit nice and did not tug when i move.


