Before buying this, I read MANY reviews and Q/A on this cute dress. I don't usually buy clothes online at all because it never fits right.


I saw this dress and I am 5'5" at 170 lbs. I have a smaller upper body and bigger legs - an hourglass shape. I purchased a MEDIUM per what comments had said would fit. This dress totally FITS perfectly! The arms are not tight, it's fitting, and perfect length for me! It goes down to my knees. It is a very classy dress and I suggest buying a necklace to compliment the dress!


Definitely recommend buying!


I bought this dress for a friend's wedding. It is a gorgeous dress, but it was a bit loose. I'm 5'3", 120lbs, so I thought the small would be ok (there was also no extra small). I managed to soak it in hot water and machine dry it to make it fit a bit better. I wouldn't recommend the dress for very small sized ladies. But if the sizing is right, I definitely think it makes for a gorgeous dress.


This dress is gorgeous. I wish I sized down and got a small. I ordered the medium in navy blue and it's a little big. I'm 5'7 150lbs. I should have exchanged it for a small but it's ok. This dress is perfect for the cooler months as it's a long sleeved and a bit thick in the body of the dress.


I ordered a large and it fit well but I felt like it was too long for me. I'm 5'4 and 168lbs. I got so many compliments but the entire night I felt it was too long for me. I was expecting it to be to the knee and it fell below. I will get some alterations on the length and it will be perfect!


Absolutely LOVED this dress! It was such a comfortable fabric, which was a nice surprise since it was lace. I wore it all night to a Christmas party and never had any problems. This lacks a star only because the sizing is iffy. Some reviews say it's true to size and others say to size up. I am a size 16/18 so I went with a XXL and I think it was a perfect fit. The sleeves were a tad short, but the length of the dress was perfect! Which is a surprise considering I'm 5'9" so most dresses are too short. Definitely recommend. First time ordering dresses off of Amazon was a success and my fear is gone thanks to this dress!


I love it! It fit perfectly, and I ordered a 2XLarge. It's a little stretchy and very comfortable and easy to get on and off. I could wear a regular bra with this dress with no straps showing. Good length (I'm 5'6"). Dressy and pretty. I felt good about how I looked, and that is remarkable for me.


I got so many compliments on this dress and they couldn't believe it was from Amazon! I am 5'2" and 170 lbs. I originally ordered a large but it was too big so I returned for the medium. It was a super quick return and turnaround with no problems! I actually could have ordered a small I think because I have a more athletic body but the medium did fine. If in doubt, order a size smaller, there is a lot of fabric. You won't be disappointed in this dress or company!


All I can say is WOW! I am so impressed. After looking at many great reviews and hours on Amazon looking for a dress I made my decision. I am 5'4 and wanted a dress that went a little past my knees and this dress does just that. I ordered a large, 170lbs, small waist, 38DD . Perfect fit. I could have gotten away with a medium but am happy with my perfect purchase. Now to find shoes!!! Oh. And the order took one day to deliver.


This dress is perfect. Literally perfect. I think it would look good on almost all body types. I worry about getting clothes on Amazon, mainly cause you could get something great, or some knockoff made in China (sorry, no offense). The structure of this dress is on point. The hidden zipper is a great feature. You usually only find this on expensive clothing. The sticky bands on the inside of the shoulders also KEEP the dress in place. Did not pull up the dress once! Great dress. The makers of this dress should really think about charging more.


I am so impressed with this dress! The quality is surprisingly good for such an affordable piece of clothing. It's very flattering (and I'm relatively curvy), and looks very elegant. I plan on wearing this for New Year's Eve tomorrow!


Note: I'm 5'10", usually wear a size 10 dress, but I bought a medium based on other reviews. It fits like a glove! So if you're in one of those "in-between" sizes, choose the smaller one. The dress has a decent amount of give.


