I received the dress on Sunday and it fits as expected. I am 5’6” and weigh 160lb so I got a large because I like to wear it a little loose. I will be wearing this beautiful dress go to a wedding this weekend. Can’t wait!!


The dress wasn't the best quality in my opinion, limp and didn't have much shape to it.  If your large chested wouldn't recommend, you'll have lots hanging out.  Returning this dress.


What a pretty dress! I'm pretty busty and hippy but the top part held up nicely, and the skirt is very swingy so it's very figure flattering. The lace is soft, and the dress looks very well made.


I loved this dress, I am 5'3, 160lbs. Fit into a large.


Soft and comfortable, the neckline does not fall down, like I thought. Strechy through out even the sleeves.


Just as majority have reviewed, this dress fits like a glove. I don't know how they managed to do this for so many different body types. Thank you to all the ladies who posted pictures! You all really helped me make my decision. I ordered the blue (royal) and the color is beautiful, rich and true to the photos. The dress is heavy and of excellent quality, for this price! Alike many other reviewers here, I wore this dress to a wedding and received MANY compliments. The lace and neckline are so pretty. For comparison, I am 5'2 & 200lbs. I have a small belly but most of my weight is in my thighs, butt and legs. This dress was very flattering. It ended just below my knees, so plenty long. For someone quite taller it may end at or even above the knee. The zipper is on the side under your left arm, I had to have someone help me zip it, but I have short arms and couldn't reach up and over all the way with my right arm. I will definitely be keeping this one as a  date go-to or special occasion staple in my closet!


I like this dress; too bad Amazon doesn't offer virtual liposuction so it fits more perfectly.  Guess I have to give up my pre-bedtime ice cream.


Soft material, good quality, good price! I am 5'6" 180lbs and a 38DD. Bought the XL.


Ordered it 2 days ago and I got it today. It is beautiful. Perfect for Valentine's Day which is why I ordered it. Fits perfectly.  I was worried about fit since I'm hourglass shaped. I ordered red e


I originally ordered this dress in a small, my usual size, for Christmas photos.  However when I received it it was a bit big, especially on top.  I ended up ordering an extra small and it fit perfectly! I absolutely love this dress!


I ordered a medium. I’m 5’3 156lbs. It fit perfectly. I would recommend for people that were overweight because it’s lose at the bottom. They won’t really see your stomach


