I really like the dress and I wore it for a dinner date with my husband. He loved the dress too. The only thing I did not like was the fact that the off the shoulder look would not show as much because it was a little big and the dress would go up. A little pulling down here and there made it work. Otherwise I love it!!!


I so loved this dress! It's so flattering! I bought a large and a medium to see which one would fit best and the medium was definitely the one to go with (I'm 5'5'' and weigh 180). The color was so beautiful and looks great in photos!


Great dress. Got lots of compliments


I’m normally a medium in dresses, small on top, pear shaped bottom, but I read a bunch of reviews that say it ran large. So glad I bought a small. It fit just right.


My mom loved this dress on me but I did not. Some of the problem was that I ordered a Medium, which was too big (I'm 5'8" and about 150lbs). But the fabric's weight and texture was cheap also. I gave it four stars because if I had sized down I might have been able to keep it; it just so happens that I found another dress I liked better.


I have never purchased a dress on-line before, but needed something quickly to wear to my nephews wedding so decided to give this a try.  When it arrived, I tried it on and was so very pleasantly surprised.  The dress was beautiful and fit perfectly.  I am still in shock that something so reasonable could be so beautiful. Give this a try, you will be pleasantly surprised.


OMG! This dress is so beautiful. I can't wait to wear it to an upcoming wedding this month. My bust size is 36B, waist is 31" and I'm 5ft 6". I bought a medium and it fits perfectly. The quality is great and It looks exactly like the picture. I highly recommend this dress. Please make sure you buy from Missmay because there are other sellers selling this product but with poor quality.


Very nice dress and flattering. I ended up returning this as it was too short in the waist for my long frame unless I pulled it too low on the shoulders/neckline to be comfortable at my age.


the stiching around the waist was vert bunchy , more gather, did not look  neat. very poor stiching. in the picture it look great but when I recieved it I was totally disappointed


I like it very much, I believe I'm between extra small and small.  the small is a little too big I will make a small adjustment to it, but I like the dress very much.  It looks nice on me. I'm 5'2" and 125lbs, it will be fine for my dinner date next week.


The lace seems to be made cheaply and was fraying before I even put it on. Also if you hold the dress up to the light, you can see all the way through the thickness of both front and back, so the material is flimsier than I expected. I am 5'3", 125lbs, 32D; I followed the sizing chart and ordered a small. The dress was too big in the shoulders and waist, and the neckline came up at an awkward place, right under my collar bones. At the same time, the sleeves were between 3/4 and full-length. I really wanted this dress to work, but it was all-around a bad fit.


