I really wanted to like this dress because it’s very comfortable but TALL GIRLS BEWARE. I’m 5’7 with B cup bra, 138lbs, and the torso was so short on this, the hem hits just below the boobs so it poofs out in a bad way and seriously makes a skinny girl look pregnant. In 11 years of marriage my husband has never admitted not liking my dress on the way out the door and he said this was cut weird... again, the top is beautiful so that’s super disappointing but if you’re anything but under 5’3, it’s going to look weird.


I adore this dress! It looks great on and it's very comfortable. Very flattering for any figure. I need the navy one now :)


I really like this dress. The fit is right-on. I am 5'4", 135lbs. I ordered a medium and it fits perfectly - just below the knee. The shoulders have a strip of rubber/silicone (I don't know what the material is) that keeps the shoulders in place so they don't slide up. The body of the dress is much more dense than I imagined it would be, which was a pleasant surprise. The only negative thing I have to say is that it had a bit of a strange odor to it - it smelled like a hair salon where someone got a perm. There were also a few curly blonde hairs on it - so I'm not sure if I received one that someone else had sent back. Either way, I just washed it and that solved the problem.


I would most definitely commend this dress!


This was an order for a friend that was going to a wedding overseas and she wanted something in blue navy and cute. She was so happy when she received the dress and try it on, ( we were worries) because we had ordered a XL and it was big!!! so we order again a large, the return was very easy, the company was great and very professional. and she look gorgeous!!!! its a perfect length for an elegant look, it  is stretchy but doesn't look cheap or tacky at all. Do not  be fool for the price it does look like a $150 dollars dress. And it is very flattering!!!


Nice product wear it at a wedding received a lot of compliments. You should buy it.


The material on this dress was fantastic! Definitely one of the best amazon purchases I have made. I wore this to a fancy wedding, and got compliments all night. I only told my boyfriend/family that I bought it on amazon. :) It was long enough to be comfortable and not display anything you didn't want displayed, too, which is always good. It did have a little leeway on the sizing, as it was a bit large but not too large where it sagged or anything. Love it, and will wear again to another wedding!


This dress is very well made and very pretty, however it is not flattering on girls with a larger chest. It really made me look top heavy, i am a 34DD 30" waist and read the reviews on what people said what sizes to get. I got the Large - it waas a little too roomy. I wish i got the medium. Honestly, even if i did though the cut was not flattering on me and made me look really frumpy.


The dress quality is very nice though and it's a beautiful dress.  for a 5'5 person it came up to my knees.


Fit perfectly right out of the bag. Very flattering. No alterations needed.


I'm 5'5 and 135 pounds and I ordered a small. I wear at 36 C bra.


I wish I could order all the colors. The lace is nice and soft. This is a must have!


Great dress, very beautiful it was a little big on me according to the size chart. I am 5’2 130lbs but have a D cup. So I got a large to make sure it was not to tight around the top. I should have gotten a medium but the large still fit fine. I got a lot of compliments on this dress. I wore it with a large belt and a puffy under slip (sorry i don’t know what they are called) to give it some body. I got so many compliments on this dress. It looked very expensive. Will buy this dress again in another color.


