Beautiful dress!! So sad that it didn't fit quite right - I think an XS would have been perfect but it does not appear to be available in that size. I'm 5'2'' and 115 lbs - I found it to be somewhat large in general, and the hem hit a little awkwardly (right at my knees, would have preferred it to be just a few inches above the knee). It appeared to be well made. If you prefer a looser fit then this may work for someone else my size.


This dress is stunning. It’s a classic design that can be worn again and again. The dress is actually a little heavier than expected and seemed to be made of quality material. The neckline is simply gorgeous and the length hit me just below the knee. I’m 5’5” and about 130, pretty small torso but more curvy/athletic on the bottom. I’m typically a 2/4 and the XS fits with some extra room. I’m thoroughly pleased with my purchase!


I was nervous about buying a drsss from Amazon but after looking at the pics, I had to try. The back is kinda weird (looks better on Model) and I’m gonna order my actual size next time and not go by the measurements.


It’s a very pretty dress and seems to be made of quality material. I’m 5’4 and it came out to be a bit too long, falling below my knees when I pull the dress down so that the lace isn’t covering my neck. The lace would not stay down in the front, but that’s probably because I have a small chest. I ended up not wearing it after messing around with it to try to get it to fit correctly. If you’re above average height and have at least C cups, this dress would be perfect!


This dress is amazing!  I was hesitant because buying online is so iffy.  I figured over 2000 women couldn't be wrong.  I bought mine according to the measurements and it fit perfect.  It's so flattering and I received so many compliments.  If you're thinking about buying it, do it!


This is a gorgeous dress! I absolutely recommend this dress for multiple body types. I just received it and can't wait to wear it to a wedding in June. The dress is just as described and the sizing chart was very accurate


there is  give in this lace...I bought this dress for a wedding..fit  very well.....you do need to buy a strapless bra  with it...I really liked the fit in my arms ..they are big but didn't look or feel too tight..


Was skeptical as always about buying clothes online, especially for a wedding, but it fits perfectly and it’s a very modest and beautiful dress. I will be buying from this company again.


Wore this dress in a friends wedding, a very gorgeous, well made, budget friendly option for bridesmaids dresses!! You will not be disappointed, these fit so well and were flattering to all the bridesmaids of different heights and sizes!


I wanted to love this dress!  The color, neckline, almost everything is so great!  But myy one problem is a dealbreaker and I’ve already sent it back.  It’s way too short waisted for me.  The waistline was at the bottom of my rib cage, about 2 inches above my own waist.  I’m about 5’3”.  Never had that problem before.  You should try it though.  It’s really pretty.


