Beautiful dress! I love it. Already worn to two weddings.  I would be careful when washing because lace is very frail but good quality. I am thrilled with this dress...very flatering and i got a ton of compliments.


I thought this looked like a classy cocktail dress in the picture, but when I tried it on, it looked more like something a teenager would wear to a school dance. I'm a size 14, and the empire waist made me look pregnant. It fit, so it is true to size, but it was definitely not attractive on my plus-size body and was way too young looking for a woman in her 40s.


I wore this to a friends wedding and got a lot of compliments. I was very happy with it. Having wide shoulders I was worried about the cut making them seem even larger, so I was very happy that was not the case! I did wash it as part of a normal wash and dry cycle  (on accident) and was surprised the lace held up and didn't stretch, rip, or fuzz. Definitely would recommend!


I thought this dress was beautiful on the model and on other reviewers, but it just didn't work for me.  I thought it seemed well made and it was nice, but it was too short and not right for me at all.  I had to return it, but i think for the right body-type this dress would be great.


I bought this for a wedding and it fit great and I got lots of compliments on it.  I give it four stars because the material is very flimsy and, although I enjoyed wearing it, I don't think the dress would hold up for more than a few outings.


We ordered this dress in Navy blue for my daughter's prom. It was beautiful and the fit was perfect. However, we returned it because we expected it to have lace on the skirt as well as the bodice. When it came in, the lace was only on the bodice. I thought it was still beautiful, however, our daughter wanted the all-over lace. Although we did return the dress, we were able to order the same dress with the all-over lace. The only difference was the length of the sleeves. When ordering, make sure you order the right style.


Beautiful dress, I got lots of compliments. However, the one thing I did not like was the length of the dress. I am 5’8 and normally things are short on me because I am tall. However, when I got the dress, it was SO long! I went to a tailor to have it shortened to be slightly above the knee and ended up paying an extra $50 to have the alterations done. Considering the alterations were worth more than the dress, I don’t think I would have bought it if I knew. But, the dress came out really pretty and I hope that I can wear it for a few different occasions.


Great color, material and great fit. I accidentally ordered the wrong size and sleeve length. When the medium long sleeve came I was disappointed but when I tried it on it had a great fit. I wanted the large 3/4 length sleeve, I wasn't missing anything. It got the approval of my mother and uncle who criticize everything. They couldn’t understand why I wanted to exchange for larger size. I kept the medium long sleeve and it was perfect. When the event came, it was comfortable and cute ! I have an injury and the dress wasn’t restricting at all. I would definitely recommend it. The material and quality is also 5 stars. I love it.


I got so many compliments on this dress. It was a little bigger than i thought it would be but it was fantastic. Couldn't have been happier wearing this to a christmas cocktail party.


Beautiful dress! The color is a bit brighter in person, it's more of a blood red than a wine/maroon. It fits good, sleeves are a little stretched by the wrists, but I ordered a Medium. I am 5'2" 145lbs with a 36DD and even in the chest it's not too tight. It is snug, but not too tight. Fabric isn't itchy or scratchy as I had expected it to be. Good quality for a great price! Can't wait to wear this to my sister's wedding in Italy!


