This dress is very beautiful and comfortable to wear.  The design, fabric quality, and construction are very good.  I love the color and feel of the dress when I'm wearing it.  I recommend this dress and for the price you can't go wrong.  This is a very good manufacturer.  Note: This is a very stretchy fabric. If you don't like the 'snug fitting' feel, get a size larger.


Really nice material, well made and comfortable. Does not look cheap at all. Fits me perfectly, I ordered a large. I am 5 8', 195 lbs 45 in on the hips, 38 waist and 36 B cups. I have long arms so the sleeves does not fit me to my wrist like the model, but that is fine. I do wish it was a bit longer for me as I am a tall girl with lots of hips but I do love it! Will definitely recommend and by again from this seller. I plan to wear it to a friend's wedding in July, will post update pictures then.


I really enjoyed wearing this dress, it was very comfortable and I received plenty of compliments. 4 stars, because it does give the illusion you have a belly, but it didn't stop me from wearing it and enjoying my night. I do recommend this dress, I will have it taken in to be more form fitting in the midsection before wearing it again in the future.


I ordered an x-small, 125 LBS 5'7


I normally would NOT consider going anywhere without a brassiere on, but the off the shoulder style is ruined if you need one and I definitely did not feel like I wanted or needed one. Not trashy looking either. Also was worried that material would be cheap. Not so. And finally I have a short torso and long legs...the length is not too short!


It looks much bigger when you take it out of the package, but after you try it on - it fits great! i'm 5'3 and the dress comes right to the bottom of my knees. its got plenty of breathing room, its not too tight.  the inside of the dress has rubber grips so the dress doesnt fall down.


I loved the neckline on this dress and the sizing is right on.  The length is also perfect.  I also LOVE the long sleeves.  I had ordered two dresses to choose from for Valentine's Day and ended up returning this one only because the red color was a bit dark and not what I was looking for.  I'd love to purchase this dress in a purple color or something.


This is a beautiful dress but unfortunately only gets 4 stars from me because it didn't fit me well at all.  Usually I'm an XL so I ordered that size... The dress literally came down to almost my ankles.  Definitely didn't fit like the picture and was a lot longer.  I'm 5"3 so I'm on the short side but not so short that it should go down that far.  I wish it would have fit me better because like I said, it really was a beautiful dress.


I absolutely adore this dress. Well made, quality fabric and very flattering design. True to size.


I ordered this at the laat minute for my holiday party after debating it for a few days. With amazon prime next day shipping was less than $5 and it arrived on time. I was searching for something that would help hide my "pooch" without being unflattering. This worked perfectly! I am 5'9 and 200 lbs - the large fit like a glove. I may be ordering different colors for future occasions!


Beautiful and elegant!  I originally ordered a large, but it was too big, then a med and it was just right! I'm 5'6" 155lbs and 36DD.  It has a nice lining with lace over the top, I especially liked the silicon shoulder straps to keep it in place.


