This dress fits true to size. It is absolutely gorgeous. Ready to wear right out of the package with no wrinkles. Price is so reasonable as well.


I wore this dress to dinner to celebration my 12-year wedding anniversary. I received so many compliments from the time I walked into the restaurants up until the time we left. This beautiful dress was comfortable, and I felt so sexy in it. The color was perfect. The only thing is that I would caution buyers to make sure to handle with extreme care, because the fabric is very delicate, so you have to handle with care.


OMG this dress is gorgeous and so comfortable!!! I read all the reviews and looked at all the pictures before I ordered. I am 5'7 and 165ish. I ordered a medium and it fits amazing. This dress is so soft and has a great stretch. I was worried about the arms being too small (I struggle with that!) but they are the perfect amount of stretch. I ordered for a fall wedding and wasn't sure on the color so I got both the red and the navy blue and now I am struggling on which one to wear! The red is not as red as it seems in the other review photos I saw. I thought it was going to fire engine/Elmo red but it is definitely darker (not as dark at the display photo but still not fire engine red). Both are gorgeous and I am so excited to dress up!!! Take a chance with this dress, you will not regret it!!


This dress looks amazing. I bought it to wear as a hostess for a wedding size M for me and XXL for another hostess. The dress is very elegant and the ladies and I got multiple comments on how beautiful our dresses were. I am between sizes 10 and 12 and I have a rather flat tummy, so I got the medium. It fit perfectly. I would suggest if you have a little more tummy, to go up a size because the waist does not give as much as the rest of the dress.I bought it in navy blue and black because I loved the dress that much. The dress looks very expensive for the price. I have a dress similar to this one that I bought from someone else and paid over $100 for it. Great Value for the price!


The dress is well made, fabric is great, color is great and on the right person, it would probably look great.  I'm tall, 5'9.5" and i just don't like empire waist dresses.  They make my upper torso look about 2 feet and the rest of me looks about 6 feet below the waist line.  I probably would have kept this one if the waist had been normal.  It was a very well made dress so impressed with that.


Best dress I've ever purchased! The dresses fit and style are just so very flattering. I bought this to wear to a semi formal wedding, and it was perfect. I felt really good wearing it and received many compliments. The lace was not itchy or irritating at all. My only caution would be to be careful with long nails, hangers, anything that could snag or tear a hole in the lace.  The lace seemed very sturdy, but its still delicate. I'm so beyond happy with my dress!


I thought this dress was very pretty, but I was very hesitant about ordering a dress online. I definitely went straight for the reviews and was pleasantly surprised by the pics others posted. The tips were also extremely helpful. So I will also say that they run small. I wear a large and ordered a 3x. It fit perfectly and was stunning and more elegant on. I am wearing it to a masquerade ball. I'm 5'3 1/2" so it is about tea length for me. Which is perfect or this event. Will post pics after.


The dress is pretty, but it didn't hug at the waist right. I'm a 34DD, 5' 6" and 145lbs. I wear size 4 in women's pants as a reference for hip/waist shape. I got a large because I anticipated that it would be too tight in the chest area if I got a medium. The large, however, was sooo tight across the chest that it flatted my boobs and was too loose around the waist. Not flattering on girls with big boobs and a smaller stomach/waist. Would not recommend if you're curvy or have an hour glass figure! Would probably look nice if you're more proportional or wear a C or below.


It was perfect! I bought it last minute for a wedding. I was a little bit nervous that it may not fit. You never know when you buy online. I am 5'7" about 150 and got a medium. Not only did I get a lot of compliments but I absolutely  love it!!


Beautiful fit if you have a few curves. This dress is beautifully made. Has some stretch. I got lots of compliments from complete strangers. Quality lace and fabric. I bought a large in red.  Bust is 40D. Make SURE you get a quality strapless bra to go with it. Wish I could add a photo, but that feature is not working for me using my phone for some reason. BTW I'm short 5'0" and it fir right to the top of my knee.


