Ooh la la! This dress is made of a stretchy lace so it fits perfectly with a little room to wiggle. It's a bit longer than I expected but it was a nice a surprise! I'm 5"6, 135 lb and I ordered a small, it's perfect! And the lace looks and feels like seems A much higher quality than I would have expected from a $35 dress!


Went to a wedding and received many compliments. I am 5'5 and way 135 lbs. Medium fit perfect. The navy blue is a true navy. The long sleeves was perfect for the fall. You won't be disappointed.


Wish it looked the same on me as it does on other people. It fit much higher on my waist and puffed out which made me look pregnant. It definitely did not run large like others are saying. I wish I would have ordered my regular size but seeing how high it sits, will probably return it either way. I would be better if it “flared” at the hips and not the waist.


It's a gorgeous dress and my husband loved me in it! The sleeves fit more like 3/4 sleeves, but I'm fine with that since it didn't cover my wrist tattoo.


This looked better in the picture. I am 5'0 and weighing 98 lbs and tiny. I ordered an xtra small and it was still long! Almost past my knees. And it was too loose so it was unflattering and did not fit me right. Made me just want to take it apart and sew it so it fitted well but the lace looked cheap. I am staying away from ordering lace dresses from online. The reviews helped but when I received it it just was not up to par nor my for te. Im sticking to my lace Adrianna Papell dresses


I bought several of this brand to try and I love them. Not all of the styles work gor me so I will not keep them all.


I am long waisted for a short gal, so the placement of this waist was not flattering. (But isn't the top fabulous!)


 I will continue to order from this brand! The quality is surprising for the price.


The belt was my addition. And does not come with the dress.


I wear a size medium or 6-8 I'm glad I purchased the medium. It fit perfectly. Wonderful quality I am very happy with this dress


UPDATE: didn't end up keeping it, not that I still didn't love it, I do, just wanted to update. Still highly recommend. Thanks.


I literally just got this delivered ten minutes ago, tried it on and it's PERFECT! I got an XL, I am 5'1 and weigh 170 and it is very pretty but better yet, comfortable! I got this to go to my cousins wedding in a few weeks, I can't wait to wear it! very happy!


This dress is nice. The quality of the material is good and does not look cheap. The cut is a great fit, and I will recommend this dress if you are looking for something classy for evening event.


I love this dress! It fits beautifully and is very comfortable. I love that it does not wrinkle either. I bought this dress for a formal video shoot and got so many compliments on it. I stayed in it all day and was very comfortable.


I am 5'9 and 150 lbs. I usually wear a dress size 6-8 and ordered a Medium. It fit very well with a bit of room in the bust (I am a 34C but did not wear a bra), and the sleeves stretched beautifully over my larger arms. The empire waist is very flattering because it accentuates the waist line while falling loosely over the tummy area. The neckline is gorgeous, and the length hit right above the knee on me, which was not too short at all. The material is a thinner lace, which makes it very light and breathable. Just be careful not to snag it on anything.


Needless to say, I LOVE this dress.


I wish they made this dress in a floor length as well because I would buy it in a heartbeat!!


