Love it. Super cute design, comfortable, it does not come off on the shoulders, as the silicon things work very well. I would definitely recommend it.


The dress itself is beautiful and I really wish it had fit. I am 5'0", 96lbs, 32" bust, 25" waist, 34" hip and the XS was overall too large. The sleeves were loose around my arms, waist was loose, and shoulder/bust area was loose. It fit more like a women's Small normally would fit on me. Good value-inexpensive without looking cheap.


Absolutely love this dress! Super comfortable and perfect for any event. I looked and felt great it in. It is the kind of dress that would keep you warm if you're chilly, but also doesn't suffocate you when it's hot.


This dress was wonderful!! I was so excited that it fit perfectly, and it was gorgeous. Good quality, the lace was pretty. Wonderful find for a great price.


Based on all the reviews I read I ordered a size down (from small to extra small).  It fit perfectly. I like the style a lot.  I was a bit disappointed that the length was not even all the way around, so I'm going to have to resew the hem.  I'm also going to cut down the sleeves so that they are 3/4 length.  The material and quality is a bit cheap, however the dress is very flattering, so I'm going to keep it.


The dress is beautiful but it is somewhat small around my arms. It'd be great if the lacy arms had a bit more stretch to them. Other than that, I love the color (got the Navy blue) and the style of this dress was perfect for our marriage celebration dinner. Judging the pictures, it also seems to be cut in such a way that flatters a wide range of body sizes.


This dress is beautiful! The material is very sturdy not cheap at all. Its also a stretchy material without being a cheap spandex. Its full lace with an attached under slip. Great buy for the price, you can dress it up or down and could easily be worn to a cocktail party or fancy event. The off the shoulder detail is done perfectly.


Very, very nice dress! It is of  very nice quality! True to review, they do run a little big. I'm 5'7", 34D in chest, 29" waist and 38" hip and a small worked fantastic! The length came right to my knees. The lace is very soft and could snag easy with any Jewelry that has little trinkets on them so be careful with that. If you're worried about buying a dress online, with this one, don't be! It's a wonderful dress for any formal occasion!


I am 5'10" around 170 chest size 36DD  my dress size is usually at 12 so I ordered a large the dress is perfect length a little bit below the knee perfect everywhere except for the shoulders they feel a little loose but not uncomfortable Loose.  I ordered the navy blue the color is absolutely beautiful


I don't know who this would have looked good on, but it wasn't me. The fit was all wrong. Tight in the chest, too shapeless in the behind. This went back.


