It's gorgeous. I'm 200lbs and 5'10" with 36Ds. Originally I ordered a 3XL given the measurements described. However, it has enough give/stretch (and side zipper) that I sent the 3X back and got a 2XL, which fit perfectly! Plus, I'm tall and this baby falls right below my knees--sexy & classy!!! There's plenty of room for a strapless bra, or you could wear a matching color demi bra like I did and hide the straps on your shoulders. I'm telling you, I wore this to a wedding and got so many compliments--this is a winner for all my fellow thick women.


TL;DR -- 200lbs, 5'10", 36D = 2XL *Buy this sexy dress, yo!*


I got the red one and it looks nothing like the photos. It goes all the way up to my neck now that i am looking at this.......


5'10" 140lbs, dress fit perfectly. Fell just below the knee with petticoat and almost tea-legnth without it.


A word of caution: don't wear bracelets, or a watch. This dress is a fine lace and WILL SNAG.


Beautiful. I'm 5'8" and 130 lbs and I purchased a small. Fit perfectly. I wore this for some professional photos I had done of my husband and I in his USMC Dress Blues. Got so many compliments. Very smooth material and not itchy at all.


First let me say that I am always very nervous about ordering any clothing online. I have bigger upper arms and a bigger butt! I have an hourglass shape and sometimes getting a good fit can be hard! I have the kind of shape that makes jeans “gap” in the waist when they fit everywhere else! So I was worried about this lace and my arms. I needed a cute, classy dress for a wedding we are attending in two weeks & I fell in love with this style immediately! After over an hour of reading reviews and trying to compare the height, weight & size bought by others who had purchased this dress, I was back & forth trying to decide between a medium and a large. I finally decided to go with a size large! (I am 37 years old, 5’6” and 170lbs. I normally wear a medium or larger or a size 8/10 (rarely a 12 if it runs small), like I said I have big upper arms, and a big butt). I got the dress 2 days after ordering it (Thank you Amazon Prime) and was first impressed by the quality of the dress! It is made of a thick material and doesn’t feel scratchy or cheap at all! I was so surprised by this given the price point! As others have said, it has a “rubber” line along the inside of the shoulders and the chest area to keep the dress from sliding down. It is a beautiful navy blue! The material is so soft, it almost feels like cotton, which makes it incredibly comfortable! The dress hits just below my knees (again... I’m 5’6” tall with average length legs). The large fits GREAT! I *probably* could have gotten away with the medium but the large doesn’t look baggy or frumpy at all. My husband said, “Wow Babe! That fits like a glove and you look sexy and classy!” So YES! I am very satisfied with my purchase. I will absolutely be ordering from this buyer again and I’m excited to try other dresses now! I know you’ve been reading tons of reviews at this point and are probably on the fence, so let me reassure you... JUST BUY IT! Other reviewers have said the return/exchange process was incredibly easy and FAST so worst case, you aren’t a fan, you got to try it on and you got a QUICK refund! I think you’re going to love it as much as I do though! Good Luck! Ps. I had no makeup on, hair was a mess and no shoes on so I cropped the pic so you can see how the large fits on my frame!


This was a great buy super inexpensive but looks expensive. It's very comfortable. The lace is super soft on my skin. I'm about 5' 5", 42 years old and 240lbs and the 2XL fits great. I will probably purchase the other colors because it's worth it.


I bought this dress for my bridal shower. I wanted something that was pretty, but also long enough since I would be picking up gifts and opening things (I'm used to more form-fitting dresses). I was nervous about buying this dress, because I had never bought a dress from Amazon before. I was not disappointed! The dress fit wonderfully and was a great length for my height (I'm 5'9"). The dress has a slip underneath the lace, however because the dress is off the shoulder, the slip is actually strapless, but the slip stayed on great, I had no problems with it slipping off. I was was very happy with this purchase, and I will definitely recommend this dress!


I bought the white dress as a back-up for our courthouse wedding. The dress is a bit see-through as you might be able to tell from the photos. Wear nude undergarments or another layer!! Fits as expected and stretches comfortably. I'm 5'3" 34B/30/39 not-exactly-in shape, and I ordered the medium. I do have slightly long arms, so the sleeves look a bit awkward. I will likely have them shortened. Pictures show dress with and without 


. I took away one star as I expected the dress to be slightly less transparent for $40, but overall quality is great and it is very comfortable and soft!!


Purchased this for valentines and it was a hit! My husband loves it and I was oh so comfy. It's sexy meets classy. The material is stretchy and soft. It was comfy to wear all night and I received lots of compliments.


I ordered this in a large, which should fit given I'm a 12-14 in US dress size.  It did get around my pudgy arms, if only just, but as another in this dress line, which I already reviewed, this was meant for short waisted folks only.


I am long waisted, which is to say, I have a long torso with my waist in the right place of that, the center and relatively short legs and arms, not to mention fat arms. This dress sat on me almost as an empire, i.e., the waist was all too close to my bust and too far from my hips.  Not at all like in the picture where the waist seems to be sitting in the middle.


It  looked horrific.  I love vintage dresses, but this and at least one other style from this manufacturer (the black skirt polka dot top number) were made for SHORT WAISTED people, not for people with a nice long torso, like me.


