I had to purchase a medium because the large was not in stock when I ordered the dress. It was a little snug and very slightly see-though from being stretched a little thin (not noticed by anyone but me- I just made sure to wear nude undergarments). The dress worked beautifully for my needs and the fabric was very comfortable. I got tons of complements on my dress! My husband suggested buying in other colors because he liked it on me so much.


This dress is beautiful in color, well made in the sewing dept., however, seemed a bit short waisted.  And, in order to get the sleeves to end exactly at the wrist, it has to be moved off the shoulder a bit more.


I am on the fence between a medium and a large depending on the brand, so to be cautious I ordered a large first. Much too large, so I returned and purchased the medium, and it was a perfect fit! Wore it to an anniversary party and got so many compliments - it's such a classic look. Not amazing quality, but good enough for the price and the style. You really can't go wrong!


This product was really beautiful, not cheaply made nor cheap fabric. The “lace” part was not at all scratchy or itchy. I bought a medium which was perfect but would not have fit someone much bustier than I!  I wear a 36C. I love this dress!


If you are a big girl avoid this dress. It doesn't size properly even tho i had professional measurements prior to ensure a good fit. It also Smelled horrid when i pulled it out of the box.


Very pretty dress.  Stretches a bit around the waist which is awesome as I do not have a tiny waist.  The color is more red than burgundy.  It is flattering and comfortable.  I will wear with a decorative black belt.


Love love this dress!!! I received so many compliments.


Love love love this dress! Bought it for a family wedding and so happy with it. I'm 5'10 190 lbs, I ordered a large and it fit perfectly! 100% recommend!


I wore this to a formal wedding and received a lot of compliments.  It was a little long for me but I'm 5'2.  The shoulders were a little loose so I shortened the elastic and it worked great.  I would definitely purchase again at the price.  I bought the xsmall and it was snug at chest, but I could breath ok.  :-)


I'm 5'2 125# 36D, xsmall was perfect.


Great dress! Fits perfectly!


