Beautiful dress, but not for me. I'm 5'5, 220, 44-34-50. Small in the shoulders, curvy pear. While the 2x fit, it was too loose in the waist, and the shoulders kept falling down. Also the center lace piece was floppy and didn't stay in place like in the pictures. I thought about trying an xl but decided on another dress.


This is an amazing dress for the price. It's made of that soft, stretchy lace that is so flattering and comfy. I ordered an XXL and it actually fits like a 2x should! The off the shoulder look is both sexy and classy. I love how the waist is nipped in but the skirt is flowy around my hips. It's so perfect. The green is a bit darker in person than I expected, but it is still beautiful. I would say the color in the close-up photo is more correct.


I can’t believe this dress is only $37!! The dress I received had only lace on the top part of the dress while all of the reviews are fully lace. I was disappointed when I pulled it out of packaging but I liked it so much better being only half lace. This dress is super comfy yet elegant. So happy I purchased this dress for all 5 weddings thus year! Seems like it would be a good fit for all body types. I’m 5’3 195lbs and bought an XL. Fits perfect!


The neckline does not look as shown in the photo. It sits higher on the shoulders and is much more square shaped (and less flattering).  Also, there is a lot of gathered material in really thick darts just below the waist in the back, which probably looks just fine on a skinny model, but on average ol' me, it made my hips look HUGE-O-POTAMUS.


Buy this dress! This was my first time purchasing any clothing from Amazon and I was a little reluctant but this dress is wonderful! I ordered a large, which I was worried may not fit but it was perfect, if not a little larger than I expected. I was so surprised by how heavy the dress was because it’s actually made of quality material. Also, you aren’t going to find a dress this well made in the stores for $40. So, if you’re thinking about buying it, I would say go for it!


I was pleasantly pleased.  I read the reviews and so purchased a LARGE.  I normally wear a size 12-14 in dresses.  I was nervous about the sleeves  as my arms are not slender - But the material is strechy and is not tight at all.  I'm 5'7" and the length is perfect.  I'm just impressed and can't wait to wear it!  The dress clings to my form and is definitely sexy


I bought this dress due to all the positive reviews, and now I see what everyone means. The dress is comfortable, elegant, flattering and so affordable. I did buy one size larger than I normally wear, since these imported dresses run small. I'm 5'4" and the length was below my knees, which is what I wanted.


I love it!!


I'm 5'4 and weigh around 140-145lbs and usually wear a size small. I am not large chested. I ordered the size small based on pictures and other reviews. It came in and I just felt like it was a little too big. I didn't have much shape and realized there was a zipper on the side I never even unzipped to put it on. I returned the small and ordered an extra small and it fit perfectly! I got so many compliments on this dress! I the strapless slip under the lace has grips sewn in so that never slipped the entire time I wore it. Also, the grips around the lace on the shoulder stayed in place as well. Highly recommend this dress.


This dress is beautiful and comfortable. It  has a nice stretch. Flattering for all body types in my opinion. My only complaint is I wore it with a purse that had a chain, it kept snagging on it and pulled some threads out easily.


