I love this dress and it has little elastic pieces in the inside to hold the shoulders up! I got a med and it fit perfect I’m 4’10 36DD cup and it was just right. Amazing quality fabric as well. I wore it to a wedding


Great dress. Very nice thick material. Super soft lace. I’m 5’3 around 145/150lbs and the small fit perfect. Comes down to my knees. Would buy again.


The small fit perfectly which is the size I normally wear in most clothing. The lace is beautiful and it looks to be made really well. I love this dress and cannot wait to wear it to my sisters wedding


Incredibly beautiful dress. I got so many compliments. It was perfect for the NYE wedding I attended. I typically wear a medium, I’m 5’3 and around 150 lbs. I ordered a small and it fit like a dream. Still had room to breathe.


Very pretty and decent and elegant. I love the navy blue color...Very happy with my purchase. Because of the lace, definitely for a special occasion. I also bought it in small. Thank you again, Amazon and the maker of this pretty dress.


It fits really good! I'm 5'6 and 217 lb and I ordered a 2xl. The sleeves are pretty loose for my arms, but other than that it's amazing and I can't wait to wear it as my homecoming dress!


Amazing, soft and very feminine. I wore this for my courthouse wedding on dec 30 2016. Slightly see-through though.


I'm 5'7", 36DDD, 185lbs with hips at 31".


Hope this helps!


Ps.. I'll be back for the navy blue one!


This dress is amazing.  It is so soft and comfortable.  I love it way more in person than the pictures.  The color and fit are great.  You won't be disappointed if you buy this dress.


This dress is very flattering and I received lots of compliments. It’s very well made for the price. I’m 5’2 145 lb and the medium fit perfect. If you’re looking for a comfortable and elegant dress, look no further.


Beautiful dress. Wore it to my best friends wedding,  and absolutely loved it! Good quality & arrived quickly.


