Very cheap material. Not true to size also the dress is lace the slip underneath does not give you enough coverage.


This dress is beautiful! At first I thought that the chest area wasn't going to fit me at all (I ordered the dress in a Large and my bra size is a 36 DDD). After trying on the dress, the lace part and the top stretched a bit due to the size of my chest but the chest area of the slip is way too big for me. I'm going to keep it because if I go up a size, the dress will be too big on me. Overall this purchase was better than I expected. And the shipping was on point (I ordered this dress the night of Labor Day and was delivered Wednesday afternoon)


I LOVE THIS DRESS!  So glad I bought it - very forgiving - very comfortable!  Perfect length.  I get compliments EVERY TIME I wear it!


I am 5’3” - size 10 pants and medium tops.


Just received it today but I am so excited to wear it. I bought this dress for a wedding that i am attending. I did buy this dress a size or two down than what I usually wear since I read the reviews and I’m glad that I did. This dress seems like it’s made for blessed women with larger breasts which I do not have. I am 5’2 and weigh 130 lb and usually I wear small or medium dresses depending on the brand and quality, but I ordered an extra small and it fits perfectly. The length is perfect as well. The material is great, it’s not thin at all and it’s very stretchy. The shoulder part has a rubber part to it which holds the dress in place. The only thing that I could say negatively about this dress is the color. The picture showed a darker dress, this ones a bit bright, but it’s still gorgeous.


This dress is absolutely stunning. I got it last minute to wear to my husband's work Christmas party, and I could not be happier.  You can easily adjust how far down or up you want the shoulders to go and they stay put well. I got so many compliments, I even had a woman I didn't know stop me to tell me how gorgeous it was. And you can't beat the price!


This is a lovely well made dress. Beautiful.  It is far too small for me due to the design.  In the pic, the waist appears to hit lower than it actually does.  This may be because I'm short-waisted.


Unfortunately, I have to return. I recommend you try this dress because it's quite stunnin in person.


The material is nice and This dress would be pretty on a taller person. I am 5'3'' and I tried it on w heels. I got the small it was comfortable and fit but it looked very maternal on me and was a lot of fabric for my taste. I returned the dress but here is a pic. It was worth a shot but didn't work for me.


Would never stay on shoulders as pictured, unless you had super wide shoulders. It's also a stretchy lace, not as nice as the material in the picture looks. The skirt also popped out at the seem, it did not lay nicely.


I bought this for a wedding a was pleasantly surprised at the quality. I fully expected a one time wear throw away for $25. I LOVE this dress. Runs slightly large for a medium... but so do I. Ha!


I bought this dress in black for my office Christmas party, and I got so many compliments! I don't own anything like this so I took a risk with the lace and off the shoulder look but I felt very confident in it, especially because I adore 3/4 length sleeves (no worry about arm fat being seen!). For reference I'm 46 years old, 5'7", 150 lbs and I ordered the Medium. It fit perfectly! I'm going to order the same dress in navy blue for an upcoming wedding because I know I can't go wrong with it.


