The dress size runs very small.  While I loved the color and design, I will not be able to wear it unless I lost 20lb.


It "fits" but I just don't care for the fit. The waist is high... and I am short (5'0") not very busty and pretty much all hips, it looked like maternity dress or babydoll style dress instead of a nice A-line with a well-defined waist. I'm a size 10-12, and ordered the large. The neckline is also was not so effortlessly "off-shoulder" either. Had to pull it into place and could tell it wouldn't remain there due to its stretchiness with any on-going movement. From the looks of other pictures on very thin women, it's really a dress for tall, thin women without curves.


Just adorable!! Just received it today and couldn't wait to try it on! I now can see why it getting good reviews and my hubby loves it on me! Well made and very soft feeling and soft on the lace.


I was so surprised by how much I loved this dress, especially for the price (it looks and feels much nicer then the price indicates). The lace looks  very delicate but it's a high quality dress. The fabric has some stretch to it and it's very flattering. I had it hem it because I prefer above-the-knee and I added a belt to it which helped further accentuate the waist. I wore it to wedding and got lots of compliments and it was very comfortable to wear the entire day and evening.


Love!! I bought the black dress for a wedding. I just had a baby and have no time to go shopping  so I took a chance and browsed on Amazon. After reading all the reviews and seeing the pictures I decided to order the dress and I am so glad I did. My biggest battle was what size I should order.  Since I haven't lost my baby weight I was very nervous about the sizing. I am 4'10" weighing 125 pounds. I decided to go with a small and thankfully it fits perfect. It's adorable and love how the bottom sways.


For the price, this is an impressive piece. It's lovely, truly, and very flattering. I'm 5'5 and 130 lbs. and a small was perfect. I got it for my little cousin's sweet 16 and I think it'll be great.


This dress is made for petite people as it is totally short waisted. This is not a regular size fit.


The waistline will hit you just under the bust as it is not long enough to fit around your waste.


Maybe if you were flat chested it might fit just above the waistline.


You can also tell it is very fragile and you cannot wear any jewelry or it will snag. It is kinda like a lace pantyhose feeling, with an undershirt type liner in polyester. The length is above the knee as I am 5'8" tall. I would have loved the dress had it been as pictured. The sleeves are not long they are to the elbows. Hate seeing something online and getting something different as it is so disappointing. The price is good compares to the quality. I will be returning it. ;-(


Love this dress! For the price you can't beat the quality and comfort. I ordered a small expecting it to be a tad big on the top, and it was. I am 5'6 and 90ish pounds with a very small chest, so this wasn't a surprise. I didn't have time to get it altered before the dapper day I bought it for, but it worked just fine as it was a bit chilly that day and I wore my faux fur shawl (also an amazon purchase!) most of the day. Got tons of compliments throughout the day! I plan to get this altered for future wear, and even factoring in the price of tailoring it still comes in at a fraction of the price a dress from a name brand site! Amazon is an amazing place for dapper ladies on a budget!


I'm 5"5 120lbs I got an extra small and it fits fine. I could have gotten a small and had a little more boob room but either size works great for my body shape. The red is a pretty red, not maroon but also not bright red. More like a lighter crimson color. It is more on the red side then maroon in my opinion. I like it it's very pretty and worth the price.


Love love love! I ordered this last minute for a wedding and it came in 2 days! I'm 5'5, 116lbs, and usually wear a x-small/small in clothing...I ordered an xs in this dress and it fits perfectly. There's a little stretch which makes it even more comfortable. The lace detail is beautiful and the length goes a couple inches past my knees. :)


