This dress was amazing! It's cherry red, it did have 1 fray on the back, but I slipped it. I went to a work event and was told all night long how amazing I looked. I wear a 18w so I ordered a 2xl it was perfect.


The dress is beautiful and fits great. The color is a vibrant garnet red. I made a simple red petticoat for it to old the skirt out a bit more and I find it to look less limp around the bottom. But the bottom hemline is very uneven. The seems obviously pulled the lace in and causes the seem to be one inch shorter on the sites and back. Very sad because I like the dress otherwise very much. For the occasion I want to wear it I will probably return this and try to get another one like it, hoping the next one will be better.


I am 5'2" 125 pounds.


LOVE this dress. Love love love it. It's so effortlessly flattering. I bought it for my company's annual holiday party, and it's perfect. I went one size up because everyone said it ran small, but I probably could have comfortably gone a size down. I'm short - about 5 foot 2 and about 190 lbs. My rib cage is about 37 inches, and there's PLENTY of room in the XL. Luckily, thanks to the cut, you can't tell it's a bit big in the rib cage. It hits right below the knee and is super flattering. I'll already recommended this dress to all my friends who also have holiday events to attend!


I wore this marroon dress for my husbands air force graduation. Compliment after compliment, so many people asked me where I got it! It is flattering on almost every body type and the type of dress that can be worn almost anywhere! It is not too short or revealing, just breathtakingly gorgeous.  Worth the buy! Mine was not sheer whatsoever and made of very high qaulity lace.


I wore this to a family wedding and got tons of compliments. The lace isn't of the highest quality, and has a tendency to catch; I do not think this dress would hold up very well to multiple wearings. I am 5'7", 145 lbs., take a size 36B/C bra, and am fairly fit. I ordered the Small, but in hindsight might have been a bit happier in the Medium. It did fit, but a little tight and short waisted, and I found myself pulling it down a bit more than I was comfortable with. Pretty good value for money overall, and I had a pretty new dress to wear!


I love this dress! I'm 5'7", approximately 135-140 pounds, usually a size 4-8 depending on the brand. I ordered a medium in this. The lace feels high quality. It's a little stretchy. Very flattering. Looks way more expensive. The only slight problem is that if you have long arms, the sleeves might be a tiny bit short - but I plan to pull up the sleeves slightly to make them "intentionally" above my wrists. Pleasantly surprised and impressed.


It took two orders (the first time, I was sent the wrong dress - Grrr) but now that I've got the one I ordered, I am SO HAPPY. I absolutely love this dress. I'm 5'5, 200 lbs and apple shaped (all my weight is in my midsection). Somehow this dress manages to flatter my shape. It's a tad longer than I expected (hits me at the bottom of the kneecaps), but this is actually more appropriate for my age (55). I got an XXL, and it fits PERFECTLY. There's a good weight to the material, so it hangs nicely. The lace is not scratchy AT ALL, and it's got a good bit of stretch to it. I would say this runs pretty true to size. The waist hit me somewhat higher than in the picture, which is good for me because it helps to hide my belly.  I will be wearing this to a formal wedding and feel confident that I will be dressed appropriately and comfortable!


What I love about this dress:


- warm enough for winter holiday events


- comfortable, stretchy, not itchy at all


- great length (I am 5’3” and it hits just below the knee. I’ve tried a few dresses of this style and the others tend to be too long, which makes me look dwarves in my own dress. The length of this dress is just right. Keeps it fun!


- sleeves don’t slip!! There is a silicon tape near the edge of the sleeves that help the fabric stay on your skin (see picture). Granted, this might be a quick hack other gals can do easily. For clumsy me this was a deal breaker.


- great fit: I usually wear 0-2 or XS/S for dresses and tops. This dress in XS fits comfortably and the length of the sleeves are perfect.


This dress is lovely, lace is soft, and falls nicely. Good length.  Sleeves are extremely  snug.  I ordered the navy. The zipper worked well when the


dress was on the bed, but once I was wearing it, I could not get the zipper to close and the hem was crooked. The sizing runs very


small so I could not keep it.  I am 5 ft 3" , weigh 124 lbs, and normally wear Small or Sz 6.  I read the reviews, I was in between sizes and


should have ordered Medium. Hopefully this one will fit.


Medium Fit my daughter perfectly (5'4" size 7Jr in jeans, 36D bust), hem hit just above the knee and it can be worn off the shoulder or more modestly as a scoop neck. Great stretchy and soft fabric. Very opaque and lined so no peekaboo factor. Nicely surprised by the feel of the fabric as I normally do not like synthetics of any kind. Could be formal or casual. Not the kind of dress you can only wear once. Versatile!


