I don't know where to start with this dress........it blew me away. The fabric is lovely, the fit is sexy and the colour was a perfect navy. It will hide any insecurities and flatter at the same time. I went with the XL as I usually wear size 12 dresses and it fit perfectly. I wore it to a wedding with nude strappy heels and bag. I'm sorry that I don't have pictures but I received many compliments.


I love this dress! I am usually a size small, 5'5" tall, a 34 1/2" bust, 27" waist and 40" hip, and their size small fit me perfectly! Color is vibrant, lace is soft, elastic helps it stay in place, and it hits me at the knee. It would probably hit right above the knee for a taller woman of the same size, since my legs are short and my torso is long.


Haven't washed it yet, but they do say to handwash it because of color bleeding and the lacework.


Great product - I will look at their store for more dresses!


It is beautiful but not what I expected, the color is not that dark like in the picture (red) and runs big, I ordered a Medium, I am small in the breasts area but my back is wide and also have a "small" waist, I am 5.6 tall. I used it but needed to keep covering the back part. If you get the right size it would be amazing though. If your body is like mine, you should get Small. The fabric is pretty and delicate, but the dress arrived with a couple of threads on the outside, also it has a comfortable lining.


I used it because did not have the time enough to return it and wait for another one, but if you get the right size and no threads you will love it.


This dress is dazzling! Our daughters decided to wear matching dresses to our son's wedding. The wedding colors were navy & burgundy and they chose to wear navy to match their brother. The dresses were perfect and they were thrilled to wear them together at such an important event.


The scalloped lacy neckline was the best feature of this dress. The sleeves are the correct length and not scratchy as some lace can be.


I also liked the lace extending past the hem line it was a classy touch.


Wore this dress to 2 weddings the past couple weekends and it was a huge hit! Super comfortable and the lacing isn't too terribly delicate. 145, 5'7" and I ordered a small... it fell exactly where I wanted it to, not too long, but not too short either. You would need a strapless bra, but I went bra-less and was super comfortable and wasn't concerned about anything.


Only con is that it snagged pretty easily on jewelry, but with the black it was easy to hide stray threads... and at the price I've gotten more use than I could have expected!


The size small fit me fine (5' 4" 117lbs.) and a very nice dress if not moving around much. (dancing)s I received several compliments.  I had to keep pulling down the shoulders though as it rides up and pulls the bodice and waist up just below the bustline . The waist is nicely fitted but very short to begin and I'm short waisted,


I actually purchased for my son's wedding.  I bought this large and an extra large just to be certain.  Based on my measurements, the large was perfect.  The dress is beautiful.  I added a decorative belt and some evening shoes for the perfect look. Very pleased with the look for the price.


Very flattering dress. Material was much higher quality than I thought it would be for how affordable it is. Loved the deep navy color, and delicate lace detail. If you wear between sizes, buy this is the larger size. I wear medium and large tops, and a size10 or 12 dress. I bought this in a large and it was perfect!


I read about 50 plus reviews before making this purchase and I am happy I went through with the purchase!! I am 5'5", 245 lbs, 40 DD boobs and usually wear btwn a L or XL or a 16 or 18. I got an XL in this dress and it fits perfectly. There is great stretch on this fabric. The length was great and the dress definitely hid the areas I wanted hidden (like my tummy!). The sleeves were a bit short but that worked out like it was the style for me so didn't really matter. I read one review that said dress could not be ironed and I was absolutely petrified when I took it out the package cuz I thought how on earth am I going to pull this off as it NEEDS to be ironed. With a hope and a prayer and no steamer, I turned my iron down to like btwn #3 & #4 (my iron goes up to 6) and prayed that it would not burn off my beautiful lace. It ironed to perfection! I would recommend this dress to any size woman as it is very flattering! I got tons of compliments at the event I wore this to. Would definitely buy again!


I'm 5' 7" and 140lbs (normally order a M-L on Amazon) and I ordered a Small based off reviews and I'm so glad I did, it fits perfect. I get compliments  every time I wear this dress!! it has a little rubber edge that keeps it from falling off your shoulders or riding up too much. I seriously can not sing its praises enough, its my favorite dress in my closet. FYI: My photo has a filter on it, it is a true blue like in the photo.


