The sleves are not tight, they are pretty loose actually which makes the whole dress feels a bit baggy. It hugs the shoulders just right, not too tight you can't move and not too loose you have to constantly pull it up.


Beautiful dress - great material and lovely green color.  Runs rather large but was able to order x-small and return the size small with no issues whatsoever.  I am 120lbs and 5'7" and the x-small fits perfect.


Love this dress! Flattering, knee length as I'd hoped, and very comfortable. The navy is true to color. Like others who've reviewed, I received many compliments about this dress at a wedding last night!


This dress! This dress!!!!!!!  its soft its flowy it fit perfectly, it fell perfectly over my shoulder. no constantly adjusting them. they didn't fall once. even after hours of dancing and twirling :) I received so many compliments no one believed me I got it from amazon ;) thanks guys xoxox


I ordered the red but hated the way it looked on me.  Was not flattering to my body at all, so I returned it.  Maybe if I had ordered a black it wouldn't have made a difference...


Super cute and classy, a perfect LBD.


I had to order a size up to accommodate my bust measurement, so its a little big in the waist area.


My only regret is that its dry clean only, I'm gon a try gently washing it... fingers crossed.


I'm so glad that I got this dress , fits perfect . Very beautiful as well .


Okay so let me start off my saying I've never bought clothing items off Amazon before. I'm the kind of person who typically doesn't buy things to wear offline because nothing ever fits right and I end up having to return it. If you follow the measurement chart it will fit like a glove! I couldn't be happier with this purchase, I'm so glad I took the chance. Now I want one in every color! Also it's meant to be long sleeved but I actually prefer it 3/4 sleeve so I just pushed them up a bit and it's not too bulky where it's bunched up, you can't even really tell. But the sleeves are beautiful both ways. The color is also so beautiful, absolutely 0 complaints here.


Beautiful dress!  The lace is very soft and the garment seems well sewn.  I received compliments all night, most importantly from my hubby.


A bit larger than I expected. I'm normally a medium but I got a small and it was a bit big, but still beautiful!!


