Can not say enough about this dress or MissMay!!! Absolutely love this:) This is the second dress from MissMay we have purchased and both have been of exceptional quality. If you are a plus size these are the dresses for you!!! The fit is perfect and the dress lays beautifully. Do not delay if you are considering this purchase!!! Get it, you will not regret it. The original purchase came very fast but unfortunately with a hole in the delicate lace, we contacted MissMay and received a prompt refund and then repurchased the same dress. It came to us very quickly and was in perfect condition.


Beautiful dress! I needed to find a dress for a Christmas party and Christmas pictures. This is perfect! The best part is the dress matches the bottom of my Louboutins! For reference I wear a size 2 regular in Express clothing and a size small in shirts. I’m 5’5 and 34D bust. The dress in the picture is a size X-small and it fit me perfectly with still room to stretch!


Love it! Super beautiful and fits well. I'm usually a Size 12 and got a Large and it fit perfect. Great quality for the price.


This dress is pretty and of good quality. After reading reviews about the dress running large I bought a small when I normally buy a medium and it fits perfectly. Also the lace is soft not scratchy.


I brought my girlfriend this dress for a wedding she attended. Soon as she saw the red wine color. She was in love. I got her a large and it fit perfect. She is 5'4 and 195IBS. It wasnt tight and i believed its perfect for plus size woman. It was very presentable for the occasion and she received many complements. She wants the navy blue one now lml.


I love this dress so much! I ordered it very last minute for an out of state wedding and had it delivered to the hotel we were staying at. Shipping arrived as expected only 2 days later. I ordered both a small and medium since I knew this was the dress I wanted to wear and the small fit so much better. I'm 5'3, 135 lbs and I have a larger chest. I got so many compliments at the wedding even from people I didn't know. I felt so comfortable in this dress. I will say there were some differences in the two different dress sizes as in the material under the lace and the lace pattern at the top were a bit different but they were both still great quality. The small just fit me better since I'm on the shorter side. I want to get this dress in other colors as well! Absolutely love this dress!


Beautiful dress!  Love it!  I'm a US 16/18/XL.  5' 5".


Love this dress! I originally ordered a large and sent it back for a medium. I'm 5'3", 155lb. It fit well!


This is a very pretty cocktail dress. Arrived well packaged and on time. I am 5' 6'', 155 lbs. First I ordered this in a Medium, since many reviews stated this might run a bit large, but not for me... I have quite wide shoulders but only an A cup, so the Medium felt rather tight... Using the free returns offered by the seller, I reordered all 3 colors (black, dark blue and dark red) in a Large size. The inner lining in the bust area is a bit loose for me in the Large, but that is because I am an A cup, so it is not fault of the design, I usually have this problem anyways...Nothing that 10 minutes of alteration/stiching would not solve... B and up will not have this problem...  elastic lace outer shell hugs my body well, shoulders stay put, chest and waist area is nice and snug without being constrictive or too tight, shirt falls just below the knee. This dress is very comfortable and looks really pretty on! Black is a must, the dark blue is very elegant and lovely color and the deep red (I 'd probably can call it maroon) is very romantic... I think I might just have to keep all 3! :) Price is very reasonable at under $35, quality is great, I highly recommend this dress and seller!


So I got a small because I saw a girl who was significantly larger than me and said a medium fit her perfect. I am 5'7, 145 pounds, 34c top and size 8 usually in bottoms. The small fits me but if I were any bigger it would be uncomfortable. I'm usually about 138 anyway so once I lose a little more weight, I will be even more comfortable in the dress.


The quality of this dress is amazing! I got the blue one and I absolutely love it!!


