I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this dress, as this is my first clothing purchase from Amazon. I typically wear size XL, but often size up when purchasing online, as I have noticed items tend to run smaller. Thanks to the reviews I read prior to purchasing, I purchased an XL, and it fit perfectly!!! 10/10 would recommend. I received tons of compliments


This dress is beautiful.  I usually wear a medium and that is what I ordered.  It fit just right.  I only wish it did not have a seam for the waist so it could be more a-line.  I just think it would have been more flattering without the seam.


I originally ordered a large (I’m usually a size 8-10 depending on the dress) but because of the slight stretch in the material I reordered a medium which fit perfectly. Very flattering fit and material, and packs like a dream (no ironing necessary!) I washed it after the holiday party because (of course) I spilled some salad dressing on it, but it turned out perfectly after washing it on the “hand-wash” setting. Drip dried. Definitely recommend, in fact, instead of sending the large back a friend of mine bought it from me for what I paid and she adores it too!


This dress is absolutely stunning!  It is very high quality and fits me perfectly!  I am 5'3", 130 and 36DD and the small is perfect!!! I feel so beautiful in this dress!  I am wearing it to a wedding tomorrow and will post a picture.  Also, great seller and super fast delivery!  Thank you!


Very pretty dress. However, I felt like it made me look heavier than I am. I am not very curvy. 5'7" and 140lbs. Athletic build. Not sure if it was just my body style or what.


I had high hopes for this dress. The shoulders would lay flat like in the image, the neckline just looked like a square. There was also too much fabric at the gathering of the skirt, which added about 15 lbs. I returned this.


Beautiful dress and was true to size! I loved that the material was somewhat stretchy so it had some give. I purchased this to wear at a wedding on St. Patrick's day and received many compliments!


I ordered this for my brothers wedding. (Green for Slytherin!) I did try it on and it fit great. I am a 5'5" and 230 lbs with  40C bust. I have not worn it for more than 10 minutes. Will post photos and updates at a later time.


I really needed a dress for an upcoming wedding and the dresses in stores just weren’t cutting it. I was skeptical to buy one online but this one is just perfect! It looks just like it does in the photo and all the photos from other customers were really helpful. I am 4’10 and usually a size 4/6. This does go past my knees but that’s the style of it. The quality of the dress feel great as well.


The cut is flattering and the material is of a nice thickness but still has some stretch.  Only took off one star because when it arrived it had a hole in the seam.  Luckily it appears it will be an easy fix as soon as I figure out how to sew.


