It’s the perfect little black dress with an extra bit of pizzaz from the soft lace.  The lace isn’t stiff or itchy...it’s soft and flowy.  This dress is the perfect length for my 5’2” size.  I’m a bit busty 36D and the large accomadates the girls perfectly.  You do need to wear a black strapless bra if your wanting to wear as pictured.  Add a pair of sexy black heels and drop earrings and your all set.  The lace edging around the breast bone is pretty enough to go without a necklace.  The only negative is it will snag easily.  So be careful what type of bracelet or ring you wear.  To top it off the price point is EXCELLENT!


5 stars considering the value - quality and price.  I purchased the extra small because I wanted it tight enough not to fall down off shoulders and be fitted in the torso.  It fit perfectly - age 50+, am 5'2" and weigh 117 pounds, have broad shoulders.  It came just below the knee, which is not too long.  Dress looks just like the photo on Amazon.  Will wear it to a wedding... not sure if lace will 'pill' or how it will wash... but considering the price, it is cheaper to buy and use once than to rent a dress which you wear only once.  So if it does not hold up, that is fine with me - it is well worth it.


Really a great dress except it was cut slightly crooked. Like the waist part was at an angle, but I didn't think it was noticable unless it was pointed out. I wore it to a wedding and got several compliments. Very stretchy, looks quality. I would suggest sizing down for sure, as I said it is stretchy and forgiving. The inner lining of the bust part was loose and saggy on me when I bought my normal size and I have size 34DD. So especially if you're smaller chested I'd size down. It was also somewhat loose through the waist part.  I'm 5'5" and 140 and should have gotten a small. Also it's warmer than you'd think.


For the price, this is a really great dress. It's extremely highly rated and all the customer pictures made me think that it looks flattering on everyone. When I received it I was impressed with how heavy the dress was. The material is a decent quality, although the zipper on the side feels a bit flimsy. It was also superfluous, as I didn't even realize it was there until a while after I tried on the dress.


At first I ordered a medium because even though I'm only 5'2", I thought that (based on the model), I wouldn't fit into a small because of some chub. But actually the small fit better on me.


I really hate dress shopping because I think it's super hard to find something that fits and is flattering on me because I'm both short and chubby, but this dress looked pretty good!


The rubber part that's mean to keep the top from falling snapped and broke on the small size I ordered, but judging by the quality of everything else, this probably wouldn't happen very often. I recommend getting this dress!


It is such a beautiful dress that I believe would truly compliment any body type. However, it is quite large for its posted size. I am 5'5 and 125lbs. I purchased a small (the smallest available) and it definitely has quite a bit of slack. Fortunately the dress had such a great cut that you cant really notice. The dress went to a little below my knees, so it's a great length for those who don't want a dress that will show their goods when they bend over. The only real complaint I have is that the privacy part of the dress can roll down a bit with a bra on when one has larger breasts. I paired it with thigh high socks and it looked amazing! The first photo shows the pairing with socks and the second shows how much slack there is (I was pulling the dress alost 6 inches from my waist)


I was kind of surprised when I received this. I had looked at all of the review photos and thought I was ordering a dress that had a lace overlay over the whole dress, since that is what those photos show. But after double checking my order after I got the dress I realized that the description photo is actually a different, but similar dress. I always pay more attention to the real photos people post in their reviews, I guess.


So I did receive the dress from the description photo, not the one in most of the reviews. I do like it a lot though. The sleeves and length make it modest, but the style and fabric keep it from looking frumpy. It runs large. I ordered a size down and that was a good choice. The small fits fine though I wear a medium in other dresses.


FLATTERING FIT, conservative yet sexy, fits perfect and true to size. Very high quality, my new go-to semi-formal occasion dress. I’m 5’6”, 150lbs, 34C, hourglass and M fits perfect and hits just below the knee.  Drapes nicely over the hips and quite slimming, great for hiding problem areas.  Beautiful shade of deep red, even has non-slip straps to keep the shoulders perfectly in place. Lined, not sheercand no slip needed. Lots of people on here asking what type of bra to wear; I didn’t even need a strapless bra, my regular nude-colored bra with the straps slid slightly off the shoulder worked great and was totally undetectable. Would probably work great with a petticoat for a full look too. I’d easily pay over $100 for a dress of this caliber. I received several compliments and plan to buy it in another color too.


Okay this dress was absolutely beautiful. I bought it as my maid of honor dress for my friends wedding. Great quality and very comfortable. The ONLY REASON I didn't give it 5 stars is because it was so long on me that we had to hem it pretty far up. HOWEVER, I am only 4'11". I ordered the smallest size and it was almost to my ankles, so shorties beware!!!!


Other than that, it fit my bust perfectly (34A to 34B depending on brand of bra), didn't feel too tight on my shoulders (I was worried because I feel like my shoulders are a bit broad), the sleeves didn't ride up, and the neckline STAYED IN PLACE THE ENTIRE WEDDING! The color was spot-on to the discription and it was very flattering.


If you are a normal height, you will have the perfect dress shipped to you without the hassel us short people have to deal with! I would definitely recommend this dress either way, though. It really is beautiful!


I saw this dress and I had to have it! All of the glowing reviews sealed the deal.  The dress comes in separate but attached dresses.  The outer layer is a flowery lace dress and the under layer/slip is a stretchy tube top dress.


It’s such a beautiful dress and was perfect for my family Christmas photos.  Be mindful that it’s very delicate and will snag easily.


I am 5’2/129lbs/small chest and I purchased a size small and it fit great.


Very nice dress. To help others with fit: I'm 5'8" and 185Lb, I wear 13/14 in jeans and l/xl shirt, 34 band in a bra with a larger cup size. I ordered a large based on others feedback and it fits great. Knee leangth and skirt flare starts at the waist. Sleeves are more like a 3/4 sleeve.  A bit brighter red than I thought it would be, but a beautiful shade and well made.


