Gorgeous and well made!  My daughter is 16 and wears a 0-1 and the XS was still too large. If they would have had a smaller size I would have ordered it.


Love this dress.  It is a heavier weight than I expected and fits perfect.  I usually wear a Med or Lrg 5'6" 164 lbs and the large fits perfect.


I bought this dress for my wedding and it turned out beautifu!! Color is gorgeous, fit is perfect, just make sure you get some static guard


I love this dress..very elegant and comfy..bought a small.  I am 5 7 it fit prefectly..


I seriously loved this dress! Wore it for a company holiday party and got tons of compliments...it fit like a glove!!! I’m 170 lbs and a size 12 and a large fit perfectly!


I purchased an extra small according to the size chart and was pretty happy with the fit! It's difficult to find items when you are petite (I'm 5'4, 100lbs) but this was only a little large around my chest/rib area. This could be because the fabric is a bit stretchy. The length hit just above my knees as expected. The quality of the fabric was great and the navy color was perfect.


If you are 5’2, like me, youll need to shorten this baby up. But no boggie. Beautiful and you dont need a bra! Good fabric and hold its shape beautifuly. Buy it!!


I worked in the Fashion Industry for 30 years and I can honestly say that this is a well constructed dress. The allover lace is of a very nice quality. The bodice runs a little small.  The specs are misproptioned. The cut may not be geared towards U. S. specs.  Therefore, definitely refer to the size chart.


Nevertheless, this is a beautiful dress. Considering another color.


 I will be wearing this dress  to my Company's Holiday Party.  The dress is a show stopper.


Beautiful dress! I love the fit and the top does have a rubber edge to help it stay in place and not slide up or down my shoulders!


I bought this for a Ballroom dance party. It is very stretchy, I am usually a size Med but I  bought a Lg, because of so comments I read. I could have gotten into a Med but I am glad I bought the Lg. Great dress for the price.


