I normally wear a small or extra small in dresses, im petite, 5'4, 120ish, small bust, -the extra small fit great- small was just a little big- baggy on the torso and a little long for my body, I ordered this dress form another seller for about $10 less- but!!! this dress although almost identical fits better- is made better- nicer zipper, nicer seams/hems, just has a much more quality look to it than the same dress I bought from another seller for $20


I was so disappointed with this dress. I loved the color and the fabric. Something got lost in translation in making it a larger size. I felt frumpy, like I was trying on my grandmother's dress. And although I cannot say it was too large or too small, it did not look good on me. The waist seam was a good 4 inches above my waist, and the sleeves were way too large, and somehow still too short. Despite the fact that it didn't fit, I could tell it was well made and although I cannot say it was soft, the fabric was not scratchy as some laces are. Maybe it will fit better on others in a smaller size. I'm 5'4" ~165lbs with a coke-bottle figure.


I returned the Large and ordered the XL.  I'm a 38DD, 5'7. When I tried the large on it looked like the waist was in the wrong place.  Almost like empire waist, plus the armpits were no sitting in the correct spot.  Clearly I needed a larger size because of the "Girls"  The lace is soft and comfy, not itchy.  You can't beat the price!  It looks good with the sleeves pulled up to 3/4 or half.  I had no issue returning the fist dress.


The color is very pretty in person and it fit well but that's all I can really say about this. Even though it fit well enough, it doesn't look like it's supposed to. The picture shows a dress that could be worn to a more upscale wedding, which is why I bought it, but it doesn't look like it in person. At best I could wear it to church services. The lace on the dress is really my favorite part of it. It's very pretty but that's about it. That's the only reason it got 3 stars instead of 2.


I love this dress, I am ordering a medium after I saw the zipper and just slipped it over my head.  I want to turn heads baby.  This is a classy number for where my new gentleman is taking me next week.  I want to impress and this will do it in Navy, no bra, The Anne Klein Navy Patent Leather Pumps and blue watch I got all at Amazon. casual for the Show, this Dress for VIP DINING, black and bling for the Tables and red for the Dance floor.  Hope he can keep up.  I am not afraid to travel solo so not to smother him, I am ready for anything.  I'll probably freak him out,4 outfit changes!


I'll warn him ahead of time.  Amazon knows what I like....


I really wanted to love this dress. It’s beautiful and very soft. Unfortunately the sizing is very wrong. I ordered an x-small and my bust is 32 and my waist is 26. This was so loose and big on me. The sleeves were very long, they came down to my knuckles. Chest was very loose and so was the waist. Very disappointed. Needed this for a wedding and now I don’t know what to do because my boyfriend picked it out for me and it matched his suit perfectly. So upset.


WOW! I can't say enough about how great this dress is. It's just gorgeous! The color is the most lovely blue red. You ladies know what I mean by that description of the color I'm sure. I hoped it would fit as most things are often too big for me especially at the waist & hips. I didn't expect it to be as perfect as it was. I'm 5' 6" & 114 pds.and it was like it was made for me. I bought it for Valentine's day. Will look like a million for my husband!


Delivery was right on time, the dress fit perfectly and the color was exactly what I expected....i put the dress on, not realizing, there was a zipper on the side! I wear a size 16 and thats exactly what I ordered.


Omg this dress is gorgeous and an awesome fit!!! The quality you just need to check out for yourself. I got my favorite navy color  very fitted in breast but I am 40b  and it is stretchy. Cant say enough about it. I read reviews and i wear lg or 14 and ordered by the reviews. Dont miss this bargain!!!!


Very comfortable, soft feel, fits perfectly. Debating to buy in other colors!


