Well made dress. Soft material. I like this dress


BEAUTIFUL Dress!  Very classic and timeless.


This dress is great! I wore it for NYE and got so many compliments, i will defiantly be buying again in a different color!


Loved it but it was a bit big but that's okay


the color came as described and I took my time to select the small size base on other people's review. my shipment came fast. Thank you seller


Gorgeous and perfect fit. Poor edging and hemming. Could be better, but great for the price.


The dress is beautiful, and you will no doubt get many compliments on it. It is more of a vibrant red than a dark maroon, so take that into consideration.


Here is my beef:


I ordered a size large, was sent an extra large. I tried it on but it was clearly too big for me.


Sent it back and reordered, same as last time size large.


I recieved a size medium.


Now I was bound and determined to wear this beautiful dress out on Valentine's Day, so I buttered my ass up and squeezed into the size medium. And for the most part, it fit! A little tight in the chest and arms, but it was manageable. But a size large would have been more comfortable for me. I'm more determined to stay on my push up routine, if only so I can wear this dress again and again and again, because the compliments were INSANE. You will stop traffic in this dress, trust. I just wish I was sent the right item, either of the times I ordered it.


Btw I am five foot five inches tall, 36DD chest and 175lbs. The dress brushed my knees, and the sleeves came down to the middle of my forearms so I pushed them up to my elbows instead.


It is beautiful.  I bought the navy blue. But I think I would have been better to buy the next size up. I am a 38c. I bought a large. It is snug, but it looks great. And I will wear it for this special occasion.


love the quality, but small, I gave this to my granddaughter, she loves it!


Perfect for an inexpensive yet classy and pricey looking cocktail dress. Felt so sophisticated in it and loved that the lace was stretchy. Fit was very flattering-


Size 16w ordered XXL. Seriously great find!


