I really like the top of this dress.  It is very flattering!  If it stopped there it would be perfect.  The skirt/bottom of the dress just hangs and adds nothing to my figure.  My guess is that I need to add one of those full slips in order to make the dress look better.  Think I'll give it a try!


The XXL fit me perfectly - 14/16, 5'8". It looks just like it does in the picture and doesn't look cheaply made at all. It will be perfect to wear to a country club Christmas party


For the price, very beautiful dress, great quality, but it was too small on the chest/waist area, and too long. I usually wear in between a large and XL in shirts and a 14/16 in bottoms/dresses. I’m 5’3 and weigh 195. Based on reviews I ordered a large, but I should’ve went by the sizing chart and ordered an XL. The only problem with being 5’3 and being on the bustier side is, the dress is always going to be too long. I may exchange it for an XL and hem the bottom or I may just return it.


Joining those who say they love this dress. I bought it to wear to a wedding and I'm very pleased with it. It's flattering for us larger/curvier women. I'm 5'5" about 225 lbs and curvy and typically a 1X/2X. I bought the 2XL and it's perfect. The color is rich and beautiful. I can't wait to wear it!


This dress really is for every body type!  I'm 5'9" size 16-18 40 DD and this dress hides my tummy and fits my big arms and reached just above my knees. I ordered xxl and after wearing it for the first time,  I ordered one for my short friend who complains about her small chest and said this dress gave her boobs! 😆 Both our husbands are happy men and we feel beautiful.  Very good quality and thick lace!


I bought this dress for my college graduation. The cut fit perfectly.  It skims over my hips and sways and molded exceptionally well in the bust area. The scalloped shoulders were a show stopper. It was so soft and comfortable it felt like wearing my favorite pajamas all day! I received so many compliments. Thank you for allowing me to feel beautiful on a very special day.


Seriously in LOVE with this dress!!! The navy blue lace is beautiful and it is so flattering. It was true to size for what I typically wear in dresses. I usually order a 4-6 in dresses, so I ordered a medium...it fit very well. Thank you, I can't wait to wear it to a wedding this summer! :-)


Upon receiving this I was excited by the girls reviews and pictures once I got it on I felt like I was celebrating a funeral. The under shirt was a tad to revealing for my liking and I do typically wear v neck pencil shirts. Then the shoulder area didn't fit which I figured it might not with having broader shoulders. Wasn't impressed with the lace and didn't feel like it was my little black dress.


Bought this for a wedding that we are going to in a few days and I'm so glad I took a chance! The color is a deep navy that is very elegant and the length is great. The fit is true to normal too. I am a 6 and ordered a small. Fits perfectly!


Just got it on 9/13/17, have not worn it yet but did try it on.  Not as expected with the lace on the bottom, but that is my fault for not chcking into it.  Very well made and the price was right.


