I have a small in black. I bought the medium for my dautgher expecting that d be longer. But no. It should be the small.


Love love love this dress.  Wore it to a wedding and received so many compliments


This dress is absolutely gorgeous I wish I had a picture to share I love this dress on my daughter lace looks really fetching on her and it flows beautifully love it


Beautiful & elegant dress!


I love how perfect this dress fit, the fabric is soft and very comfortable.


I read SO MANY reviews about this dress to find the size. Ended up finding a woman who was almost exactly my size, she ordered a small and it fit her beautifully as it did in so many of the other reviewers pictures, so I ordered a small. This dress fit me like a large. It swallowed me.


Sleeves: Came down at the most awkward length, like above my wrist but not above my forearm.


The lace: although pretty, is giant flowers which normally would be great but it made this dress look like a childs dress.


The neck: I have B boobs and I looked like a red tampon, flat and red. ALTHOUGH, I did like the way it fell on my shoulders, I just don't have the boobs for it. It also wouldn't stay up.


Length: This is mostly why I returned it and dislike it, IT IS SO LONG. This dress hit past my knees. I do NOT like short dresses, I go above the knee all the time and I love that but this just felt so wrong on me.


I am really disappointed but on to the next one!


I liked the dress and the material was nice and soft; however, the fit was not flattering on me so I had to return.


Have not worn it yet but I love the dress.Good material, reasonable price. Would recommend.


Fits really well for a small, especially after having a baby! Love the style, material, length (I'm 4'11). I wore it for a semi formal winter wedding in Seattle and received so many compliments!


I LOVE this dress and got so many compliments! I am 5'9, and it hit almost to my knees, which was important to me.


The dress is really pretty but I was disappointed that the sleeves are more like 3/4 length and the dress is very short waisted. I may be able to make the dress work for the wedding I'm attending by adding a wide belt below the waist seam. I think The size larger would be too big so I'm stuck. I ordered a medium and am 5'6" and 135lbs and typically wear a size 4-6 and medium tops.


