Beautiful dress! Fits true to size, colour is rich and deep, sleeves stay up with a little elastic band. Looks like a million bucks! Buy the dress!


I wore this for my work Christmas party and also for a New Years Party.  It runs true to size, fits perfectly and is comfy.  I didn't wear a bra with it and you couldn't tell.  Also, it was a great price and I didn't have to go to a store to get it.


Really happy with this purchased can be dressed up or dressing down! I added the brown belt and necklace for a wedding rehearsal dinner. The Brides colors were navy and gold


Absolutely lovely! Fits beautifully and as expected. I added a jeweled ribbon belt to add a bit of flair to the waist and it really adds to the dress.


I got it for a wedding event and couldn't be happier!


Extremely comfortable. Figure flattering, even after eating snacks and meals. Easy to dance in. This dress is wonderful, it's going to be my go to for special events.


 If you have any questions or found this review useful, please let me know 💖


Omgoodness! I love the look, the style and all but I have to change the review because the entire sleeve is unraveling. Without any warning. Wearing it less than 2 hours. I feel so bad because it’s a beautiful dress.


I love, love this dress! I wore it to a February wedding and it was classy without being uncomfortable. It’s great!


The dress itself and the material is very pretty. It’s just way too big. I am 5’2 and about 98lbs, 32-23-34. I ordered an XS but it was too long and was about 2-3 inches loose on my waist.


The dress is beautiful!  It fit perfectly, although the waist is a bit high, but a belt will hide that.  I am 5'6", 130 lbs and bought a medium.  The material is wonderfully soft and moves beautifully.  One word of warning, the lace snatches very easily and then pulls threads.  Totally in love with the dress!


Although I absolutely loved the quality and styling of this dress, I have to return it.  I'm 5' 8", 160 and I purchased a size 10 (L).  It's just too short waisted for me.  Fits nicely everywhere else but could use another 2-3 inches to the waist. So disappointed because I love it.


