Loved this dress. I wore it to an October wedding and got lots of compliments on it. It has a zipper on the left side and I couldn't feel it and it didn't cause any odd shape. I have a bigger chest so I ordered an XL, but since it has some stretch, I think that I would have been comfortable in a large.


I got the red color for a holiday party.  High quality for price.  I'm 5'4" and 140 pounds, athletic build, 34A and a small fit perfectly!  I was pleasantly surprised that there is a shelf bra in it and I will not have to wear a bra.


Dress is pretty but really big. I think I would have to order two sizes down, at least. I can't use this dress, so I will probably end up giving it to my mom. Aside from sizing issue, the dress still is a very pretty dress, which is why I decided not to bother to return.


Love this dress!!! I normally wear a 12 in dresses. I am 165 lbs and 5’7”. I ordered a large. It fits great!!!


I love this dress!  Fits true to size and is very flattering.  I got it in navy blue and the color is very pretty.  I was not sure about the neck and bodice but both fit nicely.  The lace on the shoulders did not slip at all and stayed put all night without me having to do anything.  I got this for a holiday party and it was perfect.  I have a wedding in the spring I am going to so I will probably order this dress again in a different color.


I am 5'0 and 150lbs ... This dress was a great length for me, I don't feel like I need to get it hemmed. I ordered a medium and feel that it fit perfect, I think a large would have made it too long and frumpy. Will need to get a strapless bra for it, or some of those pasties, but feel completely comfortable in it, coverage wise - as I do have a larger bust. The shoulders fit nice, and it's nice that they have the 'no-slip' material to help the lace stay on the shoulders. All in all I am happy with this purchase.


I was skeptical ordering a dress from Amazon, but I took a risk and gave this one a chance. I didn't have a measuring tape, so I guessed on the sizing. I usually wear a 16/18 and I ordered both an XL and an XXL. If I just ordered the XL, it would have been fine. But, I'm glad I got both because the XXL has a bit if room in it, so it's more comfortable and it lays a bit nicer. I ordered it in green. It's a nice emerald color, which is exactly what I wanted. I was afraid it would be too light, but that wasn't the case at all. Only thing is the sleeves are just a bit looser than I would like, but just by a tiny bit. Over all it's great. After trying it on, I don't want to take it off! I'd definitely recommend it and in the future I may order it in more colors. I did also buy a petticoat to wear underneath it to give it some extra fluff, but I think it would have looked fine without it.


Wasn't sure about this, but boy was I wrong. This dress is amazing. I'm 5'9 and it hits just at the knee. The material does have some give so the dress moves with you. If you have a bust the waistline is going to be higher than the model picture but it is still very flattering. Can't wait to wear to the holiday event I purchased for.


I love it. Looks so pretty. I ordered xl because I read other comments. I normally wear L and sometimes M. The dress doesn’t look big, I just feel it little big but comfortable and I’m afraid to order a smaller one and don’t be able to get in.


Such a beautiful dress! It looks MUCH more expensive than it was. I got so many compliments on the dress. Beautiful deep navy color. The only word of caution is about jewelry. The lace will snag very easily due to how fine it is. This didn't bother me, I just made sure to wear jewelry that would not snag. So pretty! You will not be disappointed!


