This dress is so beautiful and SO well made! The fabric is very thick and durable, and the dress looks really high end. I bought this for an event my boyfriend was speaking at, and I loved it! I’m 5’ 3” and 150 pounds, and the Medium fit perfectly.  I’m so impressed, and I definitely plan to buy it in other colors!


Beautiful dress of very good quality. Just as pictured!  Purchased 2 dresses from MissMay. I read the reviews beforehand and they are on point. Great price too. Would definitely purchase from here again ..


This dress is beautiful! I want it every color! The lace is so soft and the whole dress is well made. The detail on the inside of the collar is a quality touch. It is lined with a sort of 2-way stick so it won't slide down your arm. I can't wait to wear it out. Katherine J.


Sleeves are shorter than expected, more like 3/4 sleeve than full sleeve. The actual color of the dress is redder in person. I'm 5'7" 170lb, and I bought a large, and the slip underneath was too large on my 36C bust, and the scalloped neckline was slightly too loose. I bought a medium, and it fit perfectly in the bust and the neckline.


Very cute and real comfortable. I thought the shoulder cut would be a problem but they stayed in place. Lace fabric is nice and dress is made well. I really love the comfort of this dress. Usually dressy occasions = uncomfortable dress for the sake of wearing something cute. This dress is cute and comfortable!


Very nice dress but it fit me big so I would say it's true to sz I will be ordering my normal sz a large


It was very beautiful, in color and style. The sizing, however, was really off. The skirt part fit my hips fine, the top was extremely large and did not fit or look good.


Very nice dress and fit well.  Lining in the bodice was a little loose and had to tack it up but otherwise it is a very nice dress and looked great on my granddaughter.


Excellent. Amazed with the softness of dress and well lined. Needed dress for Cruise formal night, PERFECT. I am 145 pounds, 38c bust, 31 waist and large fit perfect. A little stretchy for comfort and no wrinkles to worry about. Recommend.


Absolutely gorgeous dress! I was skeptical even though most reviews raved about the quality. But they were right! It was a thick material with beautiful lace. Fits pretty true to size. I'm 5'4", 168lbs with a 36DDD chest. I ordered a large and it fit well! I loved it!


