After reading other reviews that it ran large I ordered a medium vs a large and it fits like a glove. I'm 5'6, 194 (more muscle in arms, legs, backside), with size 36/D top. I'll be braless wearing it. The built in slip will keep me covered and tightness of top will keep me supported. I like the navy blue and it has a hint of twirl factor. I'll be wearing it to my courthouse wedding in 13 days.


This dress is extremely bulky. The fabric itself is thick, but the dress also runs very large. I am 5'11" and ordered a medium (my usual size)...I'd probably need a small or xtra small. I regret this purchase.


This dress was sooooooo perfect. I was afraid that the fit would be too tight and I would feel fat and gross wearing this because of recent weight gain, but this dress made me feel so beautiful and was so comfortable at the same time. I received many compliments on it.


Lots of reviewers had cute pics of this dress, did NOT look cute on me! Ha. Purchased a small and a medium because I wasn't sure about the size. I tried the small first and it was too big and pretty frumpy on me. Bummer since it looked so good in the pics. I guess it just wasn't for me.


This dress is GORGEOUS!!!!!!!!!  Fits perfectly and is perfect for the party.  the neckline is stunning and the color is beautiful.  Can't wait to wear out.


So happy with this dress. It was a last minute pick for a wedding that I'm to go to in a few weeks. It's not a thin dress, the material has a little weight to it, which is fine, so that I don't freeze and feel like I have nothing on. I'm usually really careful about ordering sizes since I'm kinda in between. I followed the suggestions of other and sized down. I normally wear a small but the XS seems to fit me perfectly!


I ❤️ it!! I am 5'7", size 8 and this was a perfect fit.  It's very figure flattering.  The lace is soft and comfortable.  The drape and flow with movement is really nice.  Great quality!


This dress is adorable. I feel like a princess in it. It is true to size and the fabric stretches a little. It's form fitting. I am 5'4" and 160 pounds. I bough a size large. The lace and low back is besutiful. The front fits below the collar bone. So feminine. If you like roomybgarment go up a size but if you like it fitted go with your true size. If you are large chested you may want to go up a size I am a chest size 36C. Perfect fit. The material is very soft and has a lining like a slip. Dress comes just below the knee.


I bought a large dress but the lace in the dress is rolling over to the front so I have to keep pushing up the frills.  The dress has some stretch to it so i probably should have bought a medium.  But I guess it is a nice dress.


I LOVE this dress!  I'm 5'8", 125 lbs and it fits like it was made for me.  Sleeve length is long enough, which is normally too short unless I order tall sizes.  It hits right above my knees.  The neckline is very feminine.  The dress is perfect for a formal event, or cocktail party.  The color is as it appears online.  Shipping was right on target.


