Very classy dress and perfect for a wedding or a night out


Loved it!


I absolutely love this dress. I was nervous about sizes not being true to measurement. This dress fit like a glove and was not restricting in any way. Its form fitting so it accenuated my natural curves in a good way. Definitely my new favorite dress


Nice dress for the price. There are only 2 problems I have: 1)The top of the lace around the neck started fraying immediately. 2)The lining in the bust area is not flattering as it presses the bust like a bandeau/tube top. Luckily, my mother is a seamstress and will use product to stop the fraying and add some boning in the bust area. Once these adjustments are made I will update my review. If you are deciding whether or not to buy the dress I will say be prepared to make slight adjustments or make sure you can get a smooth long line bra/corset that won't show in the back. But again, for the price you can definitely make it work.


absoluely darling wore it new years eve to an event.


i put my petticoat under it loved it,got so many compliments


Dress defective upon delivery.  The zipper was missing teeth and off track, would not zip at all.  I am so disappointed in this product. I bought this dress for a cruise that I am going on in 30 days and now I'm screwed...  The dress is completely unusable as there is a huge gaping hole in the side where the zipper should be.


I am 5'11", currently 182 lb, 15 weeks pregnant with #5, extremely bloated (yay, NY style pizza LOL), 36C/pear-shaped and COULDN'T BE HAPPIER WITH THIS DRESS! I ordered a size large (I typically wear a women's US10 pants and medium tops) and didn't even have to use the side zipper to get in it. It was heavier than I anticipated; however, that's a pro not a con. It's a sturdy/good quality material. It could get a little warm while worn in FL.


The only thing that couldn't keep up with my height, is the sleeves. They are not long on me, they're 3/4 length. I'm perfectly fine with that. As you see, the dress is knee length, and is exactly what I hoped for. As many have already said, the straps inside the lace at the shoulders, is fantastic! I'd not be happy with it otherwise. I think I have average shoulders, so maybe narrow shoulders would need to size down. There is a small snag at the zipper, but it's nothing that can't be solved with a quick flame (to shrink and seal it).


I purchased this dress in the navy blue color to wear to my cousin's engagement party. The second I tried it on i fell in love!!! It's not snug but also not too loose, I'm 5'3, 28in waist, 39in hips and I scored by choosing the Medium. The waist area is roomy which i dont mind because the dress has a natural sort of fit and flare shape. The material is WONDERFUL! Just the perfect amount of stretch and not itchy whatsoever. I also love the fact that it has this almost invisible gel like strip to keep it in place when wearing it off the shoulder. COMPLETELY satisfied with this purchase!! I may even purchase more colors!!!


This dress is absolutely GORGEOUS don't think twice about getting this dress. I got a ridiculous amount of compliments through out the night. It is by far the most flattering dress. I didn't have to worry about sucking my gut in, the sleeves were so stretchy and comfortably. All in all this dress is absolutely amazing. I'm 5'1 160 lbs and i fit in a medium. One problem i had though was the front of the dress was tugged in the packaging as well as the sleeve so i'm going to exchange it for hopefully one that isn't damaged.


This dress was awesome! I'm 5'2 and a large was perfect on me! Great fit & quality! The lace does not have "cheap" feeling!


