Great fit, ordered for a bridesmaid dress and flatters everyone! Easy to alter minorly as needed.


Gorgeous pattern and cut belt.  Usually wear medium dresses (5'5", 158 pounds, 38C), but fabric is super stiff.  Squished my chest flat and could not zipper up whole way.  Waist and bell skirt were perfect, as were arm hole sizes.  Will size up to a large, but then lower proportions will be off.  This dress seems that it will work better with pear-shaped ladies rather than hourglass shaped.


I love the print on this dress, it's so whimsical and retro, it just stand out and screams personality. Shipping was super fast and the price was on point and well worth it. All this being said, the belt ran a little small as does the waist line. The material feels a little odd and snug around the neck but maybe it's just me. I really do like this however, with the right shoes and accessories this is going to be a knock out at the wedding I plan on wearing it to come September.


Love this dress, it is well made and gorgeous. I do recommend that you really pay attention to the size chart on the photo reel of each dress; do not go by Amazon's standard size chart. This dress runs a little differently than you might expect, I had to return the first one and go a size up, but I did not read the size chart correctly. Once I figured out the size, it was great. Very nice dress for work, you can dress it down or up. Nice fabric, pretty belt, and fully lined.


Super comfortable in the torso; with a style like this I expected it to bunch in the armpits but it doesn't. The neckline is classy without being restrictive. But be advised, short gals! In the photo, it hits the model just below the knee, but on me (at 5'2" or 158cm), it comes about halfway down my calf. It still looks beautiful & it's instantly become one of my favorite dresses. But be forewarned, you may have to hem it if you want it to lay where it looks like it would in the picture.


I thought I took a gamble on buying this dress, and I'm glad I did! It fits like a dream- for reference, I'm a 36DD and usually wear a size 10. The Large fits perfectly. I think the belt is an unnecessary addition. The fabric is a wonderful soft cotton blend- don't expect a lot of stretch out of it though. The Wild Wild West ladies print is exactly what I was hoping for.


This is a lovely, flattering dress. Every time I wear it, I get compliments on the bird pattern. It's a great dress for work, or any other event where you want to look nice but not too formal. I like to wear it with boots to contrast the very girly dress with a little edge. The quality of the fabric and construction are excellent, too. I'd absolutely recommend it.


after reading the reviews and looking at the pictures people posted after buying I ordered the red dress. I took the reviewers advice and ordered a size up and it fit perfectly! the material is very nice quality and soft and looks great on! definitely worth the money!


I ordered a large, but there is no way this is true to size. It is too small. You'll need to order a size up from your normal size. Otherwise, the dress is cute. I got the navy blue lemons print. The dress has no lining, so you'll want a petticoat. The cotton of the dress has zero stretch. It does come with a belt-the same fabric as the dress.


i ordered based on measurements and it fits perfect, its a good length, but is super wrinkled. the fabric is nice; its not too heavy or too light and it doesnt feel cheap. packaging was good.


i'm 5'3 and 118 lbs and ordered a medium


