Very cute but runs a little small.  I'm 5-8 145 pounds and usually wear a medium in dresses.  It's a very structured fit so it was way too tight.


While I love the colors of this dress, it is mostly cotton so it must be ironed and there is no underlining so you must wear a slip. It does run small because of the material so for these reasons I sent it back. It would have been much nicer if it was made of polyester and not cotton.


A lot of extra material...if you going for a fuller/ bloated look. Will return thus item


Looks super cute with a crinoline.  The material wrinkles as soon as you sit.  Didn't look as good at the end of the day as I did in the beginning.  A more forgiving material would make it 5 stars.


Bought the black dress for a last minute occasion. Dress fits true to size, with some give.  Nice full skirt, and good quality cotton linen material.  I definitely feel like I received a decent product for under $20, and plan on buying more of these dresses.


I ordered according to the size chart and the dress fit was great.  It was hard to order XL when I usually wear M, but I guess this dress runs small for US sizes.  I have to say while I love the dress, I had ordered Blue, but what came in the package labeled blue was actually the Navy Blue.  I did not have enough time before the event I planned to wear it for to return and try my luck at getting the correct color so I am keeping this dress.


Im in love with this dress, fix me like a glove,  it's the right length so beautiful. For reference I'm 140 pounds 5/5 tall and the Small fixed me perfectly. Try to size I can wait to wear this beautiful dress


Great dress to buy!!! When I saw my friend with a similar dress, I had to buy one for myself! I received so many compliments! The yellow lemons go so well with the navy! I wore it without the belt and it looked amazing! Go according to the US size chart. I usually wear a size 12 and the XXLarge fitted well. I recommend it to others


Loved everything about this dress. The fabric, the pattern, the fit. If you like a vintage flare with a petticoat you can do that or without and it's just plain adorable.


I followed the instructions for size and the bust was too small, as was the armhole.  The "waist" sat at my breast. The torsos on these dresses are made for tiny people


