I wore this dress to an evening wedding. It was gorgeous and I got so many compliments on it!


I like this dress, I weared it at corporate party and it was amazing :)))


Absolutely love this dress.  I was a bit nervous because of the size.  I'm a size 8 but have broad shoulders.  The medium fits perfectly.  The dress is so well made.  The colors are exactly as pictured - vibrant and bold.  I cannot wait to wear this dress.  One thing - give yourself plenty of time for it to arrive.  It takes a few weeks.  I am letting it hang for awhile to get some of the wrinkles out and will eventually have to iron it.  The length is perfect because I was looking for a longer dress - more vintage look than modern.  I would definitely recommend this dress!  LOVE IT!


i am in love with this dress! I wear a 14/16, and I purchased this in an XL. It fits beautiful!! You can wear it in its own or with a petticoat. I did purchase the petticoat to give it the full 1950's look. I will be sending it to the dry cleaners for a good pressing before I wear it to my event. The material is very good, and I love that the zipper is in the back. My husband says it's beautiful on me. That's the only compliment I need! I am a lady with large curvy hips, and this flatters my hips very well. This was a great buy and I do plan to buy other colors in the future.


 Wonderful dress. I'm a violinist and bought it for my Christmas gigs. It's a beautiful red. I'm 5.7, weight around 142 lbs, bust 34B, 29, 40 hips. Bought a medium and was perfect. I wore it with a black peticote sometimes.


You should always have that little black dress. I absolutely Love my dress which I wore with a petticoat underneath it. Vintage classy from all angles complimenting my beautiful curves. A must buy for that special occasion. I wore this dress to a wedding.


I am SO GLAD I took a chance on this vendor. I didn't believe the hype but wanted a nice vintage style dress. The material is COTTON. I am so happy. It is rare now to find true cotton products I hate those cheap stretchy fabrics as they cling and don't allow your body to breathe and thus they trap in sweat and eventually that will generate odor (spandex,nylon, rayon, polyester) This is nice, airy, TRUE TO DESCRIPTION, TRUE TO COLOR, true to length - I am 5'2, 38" bust and I ordered a medium and it hits just under my knee! The style is lovely. It came with a thank you card. It's just superb. The detailing is nice. The stripes line up top to bottom. I hate when patterns jump and are uneven. This as quality assured. It's not see through but in sunlight you'd see your leg print so maybe wear skirt shorts or half slip to be safe. But honestly I am here making a review then off to buy another. Oh I am pear shaped and in the process of losing weight so as my boobs shrink (hopefully) the chest area of dress will not be so pronounced. Personal preference. Also it has a zipper to help you get in and out. Awesome. NO FALSE ADVERTISING. NO STRETCHY MATERIAL SO BUY YOUR TRUE SIZE. Best purchase off Amazon and I buy A LOT. Just check my history lol.


I LOVED this dress! I bought it to walk around a theme park in all day and not only was it comfy but it fit perfectly! It was a huge hit and I received many compliments on it! I usually go for a size XL in these kinds of dresses because I have a large chest but in this I sized up to a xxl and I was happy I did! In addition, it does have a little stretch so its not restricting and to fluff it out I wore a petticoat underneath.


It's a super cute dress. Color is a little different than I was expecting. More chambray than light blue but still really cute. The belt is way too big. I won't use it. I will use one of my own belts. I still am on the fence if I am keeping this dress but it really is cute. It fit about knee length. I'm 5' 6 and 1/2", 120 lbs. It's a very cotton material.


I generally wear a size 14 in pants and dresses. I ordered the XXL for this dress and it fits like a dream. I am 5'7" and 175 pounds for reference. I don't have a big chest, I wear a 38C and it fit amazingly. I usually struggle to find a dress that fits all over including my chest. I either have no room and it's too tight giving me the unaboob look or it's super baggy and gaps in the armpits. This was perfect. If you're a smaller chested girl or busty this might not fit well for you. It hit right at the bottom of my knee caps on me, but I am taller and have longer legs than most. It might be a little long for short girls.


Just be aware that it shows up extremely wrinkled so don't assume you can wear it right out of the package. It will need a trip to the dry cleaners or a going over with an iron. I ordered the apricot colored one with the bird print on it. It's so cute!!! I am so glad I ordered this one. The fabric feels nice and the zipper is pretty good. The belt isn't the best, but that's an easy fix with a different belt. It's a very stiff and cheap looking white belt. I also ordered the black and white striped dress. It hurt my eyes to look at it and when I put it on I was not as wowed by it as I was by the bird print. It fit exactly the same, but was not my favorite pattern. It might look good on somebody who is thinner. I sent that one back.


