This vintage dress is beautiful. I have quite a few vintage dresses and this is one of my favorites.  It is really well made. I ordered the black dress with the red roses. The fabric is a fairly thick and stiffer than a lot of the polyester fabrics your find now days. I think this dress is some type of cotton fabric, but none of the tags say what type of fabric it is. This dress while thicker fabric than a lot of dresses is still light and quite comfortable. The top has a lining that feels really good against your body. There is a zipper down the back. The zipper works, but I wish it was smoother going over the seams between the bust and the skirt. Sometimes it is a struggle zipping and unzipping at that section, especially if you are doing it by yourself. It always works, it is just not as easy as I would like. This dress also comes with a sash. It looks great with and without the sash. The sash is not attached and on this dress there are no belt loops so you easily wear it without if you do not like the sash.


I ordered this dress in a medium and it fits perfectly. This is my normal size. I am about 5 feet 6.5 inches tall and weigh about 130 pounds. This dress hugs all the right places and fits well. The skirt is a little longer than I expected, but it actually looks really nice. The hem goes a couple of inches below my knees.


This dress looks nice by itself, but I really love to wear it with a petticoat. Without a petticoat the skirt hangs nicely, but with a petticoat you really get the full skirted vintage effect.


I received a discount on this dress in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.


Not the right size.


Dress size does not match sizing chart.


Made really cheap, returning


Bought the dress for my daughter, she loves it.


It is so beautiful and I was amazed at how pretty it is on my daughter. I ordered the right size for her. She was so happy with it.


The quality is much better than I expected before I received it.


Will point 5 stars!


Was too long for me


I should have gotten one size smaller.


A little big on top and I'm a 36C.


The color is beautiful.


I'm pleasantly surprised with purchasing this dress!  It's absolutely adorable.  It has a Retro feel to it & its easily dressed up, accessorized or dressed down casually.  The bodice is nicely fitted and offers a very nice coverage,  enough room and the shoulders lay perfectly and comfortably!  The waist is constructed nicely and accentuates my waistline perfectly.  The skirt is an adorable fit & flair.  It almost reminds me of a dress Marilyn Monroe wore many years ago, except this one has this striking and adorable print!


I don't wear dresses often, but this dress has changed my perspective a bit lately.  I look forward to wearing it to the theater this weekend with some cute boots and a red jacket, some other nice accessories and maybe some leather.


I ordered an XL  and  I am 5'4", an hourglass figure and am approximately 140lbs.


What a beautiful dress! I ordered this for my teenage daughter who has a fascination with retro styles. She is 5'7" and weighs about 125 pounds. I ordered a medium for her based on the size chart and it fits well. The bodice is lined which you don't often see with dresses in this price range. The skirt is nice and full. She wants me to get her a petticoat or crinoline to wear under it. The seams are pretty straight, but we did see a few loose threads. The fabric is a good mid-weight.  It was pretty easy to iron, but it was a little time consuming because of the fullness. There are no loops for the sash which is nice if you don't want to wear it.


*I purchased this dress at a discounted price in exchange for my honest & unbiased review. My thoughts & opinions are my own.


could not zip it up - had to add pieces on each side to make it wearable. Wiast was too high as well., Will not wear again.i


