I was bought the green version of this dress by my mother as a birthday gift. We had previously found other dresses of the same style by others on here, and they all fitted badly, therefore, when this dress arrived, I had low expectations. However, I am very pleased that we did buy this dress, as it was nicely packaged, came with a lovely belt and fitted perfectly. I am a tall girl, at about 5'11", and I have found these dresses are perfect for tall, slim but curvy people. I would recommend these dresses to anyone. Hope this helped.


According to the size chart I had to order it two sizes bigger than I typically wear and it is still too small!


I ordered this same dress, in the same size, in two of their color options.  This one (with lemons) was made significantly larger.  It is very disappointing that their quality control is so low that they could not consistently cut their patterns.


The fabric quality was nice, just not what I had in mind. Thicker fabric than I expected. It is also lined. I'm returning because the size was too large and the skirt was fuller than expected. I ordered an XL since I was worried it would be too small. My measurements are 38C bust, 29 waist and 39 hips. It was knee length and I am 5 foot 11.


wore it last week with a red sweater -


Beautiful dress and material! I ordered an extra large but it was a little small on me do I'd suggest a size up. Since it runs a tiny bit small it got 4 instead of 5 stars I did receive this item at a discount for my honest review


Perfect fit by the measurements provided. Good thick materiel and the length was spot on ..only problem we had was that the belt/ stash it came with would not close over the buttons. But once I loosened the elastic ties it was fine. Great dress for the price!


I love this dress.  I get complements everytime I wear it.  It is slightly strechy so fits well.  I use the large puffy slip when I want to look a little more retro.  I've worn it to a wedding and a Kentucky Derby birthday party. Great for either occation. I can't believe how cheap this dress is for how much I like it.


Love the style, length, and poke-a-dots! However the zipper was broken when I got it and will have to return it.


Comfortable, adorable and stylish! Great dress!


