Love! Nice fabric, top is lined. I'm


37, 27, 37 so I got large and medium- large looked too frumpy, medium is bit smooshed on top but doable. Tossed janky belt and paired with pink crinoline slip purchased on amazon for a little fullness. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005GYFU0U/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1


This dress is gorgeous, good quality fabric and I love the pattern. Unfortunately it is a bit too small. I usually wear a medium and occasionally a large for fit and flare dresses. I got the large to be safe and it was unfortunately too small. I would definitely reorder it in an XL though.


Really looks great on. My daughter received many compliments the day she wore it.  Allocate plenty of time for ironing - this material is cotton, which is wrinkle prone, and the skirt is pleated so needs extra attention.


I was nervous about ordering a dress without trying it, but I love it! The quality is surprisingly good and it fits really well. I'm 5ft 9 and usually wear a size 8. I ordered the large and it's perfect. I plan to order a few more of these. It's great with flats or dressed up with heels.


Sizes are inconsistent. I ordered this in the multi colored striped in the XLarge and it was way to big. I order it in the green/white stripped (same size) and it fit pretty good. I did however like the colors on the multi. The colors were very bright and festive.  I received the dress on a lighting deal so I may return it or just have it taken in. The material did have stretch and was a nice medium quality. Just be prepared that the multi color does run bigger than what they stated. Hope that helps!


Love this dress! I ordered a large accordingly to their size chart. I normally wear and M/L. I might have been able to get away with a medium, the chest and arms area are just a touch loose but the waist fits pretty comfortably. Going to see how it holds up but will probably order another one in a different pattern.


I love this dress!  The vintage style is so flattering.  The dress fit as expected, but with a little extra room in my upper back.  I ordered a size up per the size chart & other reviews.  It's great advice!  I'm around 5'7"ish and it hits just below my knee. The fabric is light & comfortable.  It has a slight stretch and sheen.  The colors are so vibrant! I ordered the black and blue floral.  I may order the purple, too!  I did not order the petticoat to go under it, but think it would be very fun to have.


Cute dress but not if you're small. I'm 5'5" and 110 lbs...the smallest size was way too big on me. Sad. There were more women with my frame back in the 1950s...I wish there were dresses for us now.


Let's just say I ordered another 3 patterns of this dress.


It fits perfectly! I'm 5'11" and normally a 14-16 and the XL is fantastic. The length is great and I couldn't have hoped for more. Works well with a 25" petticoat but it isn't needed.


Bought as a replacement for the same style, but the other dress had a halter top, that just did not fit well.  Pay attention to the sizing chart offered - it does make a difference!  It fits perfectly, though I normally could never order a 'small' anything.  The chest area is especially fitted - if you have more than a small bust, the measuring chart is extremely important!  This dress is tailored very well & the fabric quality is excellent, considering the price.  Can't wait to wear it for the event... may purchase one or two in different fabrics, it's so pretty!


