Wonderful dress. Receive so many compliments on it. Will likely order another in a different color. Fit is just perfect.


LOVE this dress! Adorable and very well made. The red is very vibrant, so if that's not your thing you should choose another color. I wear a size 0-2 in dresses and the small fit me perfectly.


I’m 5’5, 120 pounds with a small chest and this dress fit PERFECTLY. It seriously fits like it was measured and made for me.  Great quality and I’ve gotten a ton compliments already.


It's shorter than I expected, but pretty. I have to take it to the cleaners for pressing because it came so wrinkled and the tag says "Do not iron"


Fits as a true medium. The drawings on the dress look a little busted but it’s still a really cute dress


The belt was a little small


Such a pretty dress! I am 145lb, 32D and the medium fit great. The only thing I did not like is that it was kind of long on me( I am only 5 '4). It is an easy fix though. The fabric is not too thin and I love the high neck.


Stunning dress! It is made very well and shipped on time. Wore it to a bridal shower and received so many compliments. I ordered the Medium. I am 5'5 140 lbs (carry most of my weight in hips and thighs) dress fit amazing, nits below my knee! I did read some reviews where it was stated the bodice of the dress was tight, mine fit just fine.


The dress is very cute.would have been perfect, but it's at least 4 sizes smaller than stated. I'd say any woman who wears a size above Large shouldn't even bother with this dress. It was at least 3 sizes too small. They should adjust their sizing to reflect the TRUE size and not the Asian version of that size.  I ordered a  3xl and I would compare it to a Large....nowhere near a true 3xl. This is not a plus size dress unless you're short and petite plus size. If you are over 5'9 and weight over 200lbs.......don't even waste your time.


I usually wear a 12 but I couldn't get this one to zip...the "girls" didn't want to be bound ;)  going to the next size up as the quality of the rest of the dress was fabulous!


