This dress is exactly what the pictures say it will be. The colors are fantastic. The belt however, no thank you. I will wear another belt or no belt at all. I absolutely love this dress. LOVE IT!!!!! I would recommend this site to anyone who asks me about this dress.


Loved my dress!! Came fast and good quality. Can’t wait to wear it again


Loved this dress. I am normally a size 12 or 14. Have gained so extra weight so I bought a 2XX this dress runs small. I am 5'7" and it fit great. The only problem I had was the belt. I tok it to my seamstress and had extra fabric added to make it bigger. Wore this dress to my 35th Class reunion. I have to tell you it was a hit. Forgot to say I bought the petticoat to go under the dress. Loved the look.


Absolutely adorable dress, and fit perfectly! I am 5'4" and usually wear size 6/8. The medium fit me like a glove. One thing to note is that there might be some *slight* shrinkage if you put this in the dryer. I usually hang my dresses to dry, but just couldn't wait to wear this one. Not major shrinkage, just the amount you might expect from a not-pre-shrunk cotton t-shirt.


Loved the dress.  A lot better than what I expected to get in the mail. The belt is stretchy.


Really pretty fit. Would defiantly buy in other patterns and colors. Loved the length and color. Received many compliments on this item.


Perfect fit and it has a bit of stretch to it. I'm 5'9, 220 lbs and curvy.  I ordered the 3X just in case it ran small and it did.  I normally wear a size 14.


So pleased with this dress! I'm a tiny human and it's difficult to find adult clothes in my size. This dress fits like a charm and I get all kinds of compliments on it!


The cons? The belt is cheesy and there's a polyester lining on the top which isn't hot weather friendly.


The fabric was amazing comfortable. The only downside is that the super cute belt's button came clean off when trying to loop it closed. Very sad about that but love the dress.


Very cute dress. According to their size chart I should have ordered 3XL.  I NEVER wear 3XL (size 14) and I looked at the chart and ordered 2XL (size 12). So the 2XL, as the chart said, was too small.


  I have a sort of large bust and this was very tight. No idea how it would be if I'd ordered the correct size.


In 2XL the stripes are too narrow to look good on a person this size.


