Very nice dress for the price. I had no problem with sizing. I am 5'5" and 117 lbs. I ordered size Small.


I can't even tell you how much I love this dress!  Wore it Saturday to a show and was complimented by many strangers.  Comfortable, quality fabric.  Washed in machine on hand wash cycle, lay flat to dry.  Be sure to check the size chart of the vendor as these are sized much differently than than other apparel.  Recommend getting a crinoline.  It completed the look!


Super cute dress and very well made. Unfortunately if you are a little more on the busty side (I am 5'5, 150 and a 36C), you may want to size up according to the size chart. I ordered a Medium and couldn't get it zipped up (it's a side zip) once it reached my rib cage. Super disappointed as I had ordered it for an event and had to quickly find something else as the exchange was window was too narrow from the date of arrival to the event.


But aside from that, I feel the dress was really well made. The material has a little stretch to it, so it could be forgiving under the correct sizing situations.


Lovely fabric and thankfully it’s a little forgiving as it’s got give and a bit of stretch,  I am 5’ 6 and 145 pounds I usually take a medium or size 10  sometimes a 8.  From the reviews I chose a large in this and it is snug.  I think one size up would’ve been perfect but I’m OK with it form fitting in the chest.  Definitely order up in size,the fabric is gorgeous and sturdy not at all flimsy or thin.


I received my dress today and the fabric was a little thinner than expected but still great quality sewing. No loose thread or uneven sewing. It fit a little loose on my bust, but nothing to drastic. It came with a matching belt which was very handy. The dress was rather wrinkled in the packaging, but that was sorta expected as well. I'm defiantly buying anther color from this style and maker to see if there is consistency. If there is, this is a great find on amazon! Great summer or spring dress.


Very happy with how it fit, and the quality of product! Its perfect fpr the 1950's wedding I'm attending!


I bit tight, so if you're between sizes go for the larger size, I happen to have a larger rib cage so im also a bit worried about breaking the zipper, but its really cute, the top section has a soft lining and the sash that comes with it is a nice touch.


Could not wait to wear this dress. This dress is so flattering but be warned it is cut kind of low on the side so be prepared to wear it with a jacket or sweater at work so you're not showing side boob.


This dress was shipped quickly. It looks exactly as pictured. I got a small and it fit according to the measurement guide; the top 1/2 is lined. The material feels like cotton but it does offer a little stretch which makes it extremely comfortable. There is 20% spandex.  Also gave washing instructions. Love this dress. Certainly could not have found this type of quality at the brick & mortar stores without paying a fortune. So this fit into my budget and I was able to buy 3 dresses for the price of one. Thanks I am very happy with this


I love this dress! If fits a little bit big, but it's not terrible. The belt that comes with it is a little too loose, so I've just been wearing it with different belts I already own to cinch in the waist and make it look like it fits better. I don't think I would ever wear it without a belt, because the stitching isn't actually very even where the bodice attaches to the skirt, but it's not really a problem for me. Just thought I'd mention it in case anyone was thinking of wearing it non-belted. I probably could have ordered a size down. I ordered the XL. I'm almost 5'4" and 145 lbs. Bra size is 32DD. Typically, I wear an 8 or a 10 in dresses.After reading the size chart, I was afraid the top might be too tight if I ordered the Large, but I think because of the stretchiness of the fabric, I think I would have actually liked the fit of the Large better. I'll probably order another dress from this maker and next time I will try a Large instead. I do like the length. It's just past the bottom of the knee. This dress feels flirty and fun but classy at the same time. <3  <3  <3


