Size chart was exact! Fits perfectly and package well...small disappointment was button fell off as soon as I unfolded but was repairable...I can't wait to wear for garden wedding in June...so worth it...great quality and price...


I loved this dress I wore it for my BestFriends wedding in Aruba it was a total hit! I bought an XXl/18 I wear 36DDD in bra 45" waist 40" hips 49" weight 260.


The good: Super cute cut, flattering, and comfortable-- especially over the hips, got lots of compliments, great price, lightweight casual fabric can be dressed up or down. Shipping was much faster than the estimate.


The good-to-know: I had the dress taken in three inches in the waist and had the arm holes taken in a bit as well. I ordered a medium, and I have 36"bust, 29" waist, and 41"hips. I wore it with a 25" black petticoat, which is long enough for an inch or two to show below the bottom hem.


The not-so-good: The quality matches the price-- there were several hanging threads, and the fabric started to come off one of the buttons as soon as I took it out of the packaging. The buttons seem to barely be attached- they survived the wedding I went to, but I'll be reinforcing them. Also, it was moist in the plastic bag packaging, so the cotton fabric was super creased.


Overall, I am happy with my purchase. I may order a size small in another color or cut from the same seller, but I'll make sure I have time to get it cleaned and pressed before wearing.


This is the perfect dress. LOVE the fabric and the color is flawless. I wore this to my cousin's wedding and I lost track of how many compliments I got. This dress made me feel beautiful and elegant and confident. I ordered a Medium. I'm 5'9" 140lbs 34DD bust. Fit perfectly in the bust and the waist.


I was skeptical about buying this dress because I would have preferred to try it on first. I am happy that I decided to go ahead and purchase it anyways. The dress is a very good fit and just beautiful one. I usually wear a 14 or 16 so I brought an XXL. I look forward to wearing it again. The only thing I would suggest is if you are a horrible ironer like myself (lol) perhaps have it steamed or some other method to get the wrinkles out from the shipping but to help keep the pleads. It took me nearly 30 minutes to iron but I'm sure it's just me. Also, one of the buttons on the belt fell off when I tried to fasten it. I had to sew it back on. Hopefully I won't have anymore problems.


This dress is so cute. The material is lightweight and it fits true to size. I'm 5'11" and ordered a medium. I recommend steam ironing before wearing it.


Great dress!  It was well made and perfect for the look I wanted.


I. Love. This. Dress!!!!


Update: Wore this dress today for Easter and received TONS of compliments.  I posted a second photo with a petticoat underneath.  SUPER CUTE!  I'll be wearing it again for an upcoming wedding. :)


What a cute dress! I ordered size Medium and it was a perfect fit. I am 5'4 and weigh 130, and am not super large in the breast area.  This dress could be dressed up with a cute sweater or jacket, or worn as is. It was perfect for our family portraits.


I wish I would have taken a photo of me alone in the dress. I paired it with a pedi coat and belt. I ordered a medium but a small would have fit me perfectly, it was a little big especially in the arms. The belt sinched it enough that it worked.


