The material is a little cheap, but for the price it's adequate. The ress fit my with a little but of snugness. I'm at 18/20 and the belt did NOT fit. Great for a costume but not something I'd do for multiple wears.


This dress looked great, but sadly did not wear as expected. The waist is very tapered, so if you have any kind of a tummy or don't have an hourglass shape it's going to be uncomfortably tight. The fabric is rough and has no stretch. I was seriously let down as it looked super cute in the ad, but the fit was so poor I couldn't wear it. Thumbs down, would not buy again.


it shrunk after one wash and I had to discard it. Otherwise looked very cute.


This dress fits nice and seems good quality except for one thing. It has this seam on the chest that very much resembles nipples. Yup, this dress gives me giant pointy nipples! It's otherwise cute, but how am I supposed to wear this out? Honestly!


love it! There is no need to use a petticoat. The colors are amazing.


I am literally obsessed with this dress! I'm between an 8 and 10, and the large fit perfectly! The material is great quality, and the length is so classy. It's such a cute modern teacher dress, and I am so happy with this purchase! I've bought dresses just like this for up to $100, and I love this fit, style, and fabric a million times more! Such a great product! Thanks so much!


i was so nervous about ordering this dress with their size chart in a small since they didn't have XS but it fits PERFECT! I'm 5'6 117lbs and 30C bra, it was a little loose in the waist but the belt ties it in perfect! will be ordering more colors!


This dress is beyond adorable! I'm 5'6 and I have to hem it about 5 inches for it to hit right at the top of my knees. Before I hemmed it it was about mid calf length on me. The material is nice and the dress is super comfortable and flattering.


The fabric is is so stiff and the contrast between the birds and the blue base color is not as clear as the picture shows


I am in love with this dress. It fits so well, the colors pop and, the quality is bomb diggity. I would buy it again in a heart beat


