Super cute dress.  Long enough to wear to work.  Fabric is a pretty typical printed cotton, a little stiff (think: fabric straight from the bolt in a craft store), but the pattern is vibrant.  A weird thing:  It comes with a separate belt-piece, which is basically a band of the same fabric with a two-button closure.  You can wear it with or without (I wear it with, because I think it defines the waist a bit more, but it looks fine without).  Cute dress; follow the size chart.


Love the dress. I am 5’10 and 165 lbs. This dress is flattering. Hides my belly. I find he sizing hard when ordering online but ended up ordering a medium (I thought I would need to do a large). The medium fits perfectly.  I ordered the one with the birds on the fabric. It reminds me of a very retro dress.


The fabric is gorgeous! I would recommend this dress IF you are able to find your correct size. I went off the measuring list and everything and the dress was way too small. It was for a wedding I was attending the following day, so I had to return it and wear something else. The fabric and quality of fabric was very, very good. So, I would recommend as long as you can find your correct size.


The size is pretty accurate if you order by size chart measurements. I wanted to give this dress a higher star review but the zipper is SUPER CHEAP!! They should use a higher quality zipper but for the price I guess you get what you pay for.


The fit is nice, the material is nice with a bit of stretch to it but as stated, the zipper is a problem. It already split once just trying to zip up OFF MY BODY!!!  I have a feeling I'll have to replace the zipper soon.  Bummer for such a cute style


This green dress is a beautiful color and very nice fit. With nicely cut bust line, circle skirt and stretch fabric it is a very flattering fit for multiple body types, slim and curvy. For a petite woman or for someone with a shorter torso, the belt provided is a little too wide in appearance, however the dress looks great without a belt too. For maximum fullness in the skirt I recommend wearing a crinoline. I was very pleased with the quality of the dress overall and would recommend this to other buyers.


I am so in love with this dress. The fit is great and I love the color and material. The belt that came with it was too small so I'm substituting my own belt. I'm 5'2 so the skirt came up between my knees and feet. Great everyday wear dress and for swing dancing. I wore it for Dapper Day at Disneyland and received a lot of compliments


The dress was SUPER cute and fit great, BUT I thought my husband was going to have to cut it off when I tried it on as BOTH of us couldn’t get the zipper back down.  It took some finagling and needle nose pliers but we finally got it.  Hopefully the zipper just needs to be broken in!


I love this dress... I order a medium and I'm sending it back for a size small.... I can't wait to wear this dress to a summer wedding... I thought since I have big breast I needed to go up a size, but no a small (my normal size) would have worked just fine... the other reviews are right..it's true to size


Fits smaller than expected and the material is very thin and not lined. It's inexpensive so I won't take points off for that but I measured according to the sizing chart and I should have ordered up a size or maybe 2. So needless to say, I can't wear it but I'm not impressed with the material even if it fit. My table cloth is softer than this. I ordered based on all of the positive reviews and I feel like I got sent a completely different dress.


Absolutely gorgeous!  I originally ordered a large based on the maker's size chart, but I hadn't measured myself.  When I received the large it fit, but was a bit looser than I had hoped.  Since they were sold out of the medium I (gulp!) went for the small and I think it fits GREAT.  LOVE this dress.  The bird print is so cute and whimsical, but the vintage cut makes it feel grown up.


