Beautiful color .....too short waisted. Bought for my daughter who is almost 5' 6" way too short waisted and belt will not even touch by at least 3 inches.


The dress style was totally different in picture.. No belt was included.. And No pleats.. Looked like a maternity dress.. My function was too close to return dress.. I wore another dresd


I fell in love with this dress and bought it based on the reviews. It looked perfect and the reviews were very positive.Loved the style. When I ordered a medium which is supposed to fit sizes 8 to 10. I'm a size 8 and I thought. "It's okay if it's a little loose. Tried it on. Tight fit. Okay in the waist but tight at the ribs, I couldn't breathe. Almost couldn't get out of it because the zipper got stuck. I don't see how a size 10 could fit in this. Maybe they had the wrong label in it. The belt that came with it was even smaller- as if it was supposed to go with a smaller dress. I was going to wear this at an event Sunday that required wearing something red but may have to come up with a Plan B. Please note- this is a bit short - if you're going for an authentic 50's look of -say- mid calf or at the knee. If you add the mesh slip that makes the dress puff out, it would be even shorter. The package it came in smooshed some very permanent looking wrinkles into the dress. But to top it all off - even if it fit- there was that there was a stain that looked like machine oil on the waist. If the dress and the belt fit, this wouldn't have been so much of a problem but neither did, so back it goes!


Had to return this item.  It was way smaller than I anticipated.  The waistline is under my breast and I am short so this dress is not proportioned well at all.  Don't waste your money.


I bought the 2x because I am a women's 16 US 1X. Was not sure so i went up a size just incase. The belf cant fit and its very snug around the breast the size chart is off. Otherwise this is a beautiful dress just wish they had the correct size.


advertisec as a 16  to 18 but way too small.  size not accurate


Dose not look nice like the pic.


I was so excited to get this dress! It's so pretty. Even though I read the comments and ordered larger, it was still too small. :( However, returning the product was simple and hassle-free and the company refunded me very promptly.


Very pretty dress looks just like the picture in all ways except it doesn't have the poof if you want that you better order the petticoat to go under to add the poof!


I am truly disappointed and will be returning this dress. This dress look like a school uniform and look nothing like the dress in the picture. This was ordered for my school graduation. This waist is made totally different from that of the dress I received. this dress needs more than a belt. the broad waist band wasn't even there!!!!!


