I used the sizing guide listed and the dress fit perfectly. I wear between a small and a medium so I purchased the medium. It has some spandex in the fabric which makes for a nice fit. I was surprised at the quality.  It has a hidden zipper and the bodice is lined and nicely finished.  I added an underskirt to give the flared skirt extra lift. So cute. The background was a bit darker of a beige than I expected but I think I like it even better. Black pumps and shrug and the outfit is fabulous.


Great material beautiful dress


I normally wear anywhere from xl to 1x depending on how things run... so in ordered a 2x saying it would be a bit big but I could easily take it to a tailor but the dress is way too small


I really, really liked this dress. Was super excited until I noticed that the bodice had a slice in it, like someone had cut it with scissors. Sadly I had to return


I wore this for my brother's wedding. It fit wonderfully and was very figure-flattering. I've gained some weight in my hips and thighs and this style of dress hides it while accentuating the waist/bust. Great for curvy women with larger "assets" if you know what I mean. I wore a crinoline underneath to give it that extra FOOF and it was perfect. I got so many compliments.


My maid of honor is wearing this dress for my wedding. Looks fabulous on her. Defiantly get yourself a petticoat for under it so you get the full poof in the skirt!


I LOVE this dress!! I ordered the black cowgirl pattern and it is so much fun and full if personality! I'm a size 16/18 usually and it is an incredibly flattering cut. It can be worn with a crinoline/petticoat but it doesn't really need it.


I was not please with this. Took it out of the package, and slipped it on. The top was WAY too big and the waist was chocking me. Immediately returned. Cute pattern though.


The dress is too small.  I saw another review that said the fabric was too thin.  I found it thick and shiny.  It's supposed to be a dance dress but it's so heavy and voluminous that there's no way I would wear it for dancing - and I do a lot of that!


I am very pleased with this purchase. The bird print on pink is precious. I ordered the XL. I am 5'3" 170lbs and a 32 E or F bra size. The XL is snug but works. I would say I'm probably in between the XL and XXL but am hoping to lose a few lbs so I went with the XL.


Using the measurement online I ordered a size small, however it was a bit snug so I returned it for a medium. Fitted perfectly. I'm a size 4, 125 lbs. I love the fabric and liked the fact that it was lined. I took off one star because I had to return it for a larger size.


