The best made dress I have ever bought.


What great quality!


I've owned pricey fashion,, but this is unbelievable! Thank You !


A+ I love it!!!


Loved this dress so classy


This is a beautiful dress. It was just a little bit  tighter on top than the other Luouse dresses I bought. I have 32 " bust so If you are usually a small and have a bigger bust measurements, I would recommend a medium, otherwise perfect. I'm planning on keeping the dress.


I have ordered and returned two other dress.  I like this dress and want to love it.  I was hoping for it to be longer.  But it is well made, and love that it is cotton.  The other dresses were a poly or synthetic blend.  I have been shopping for weeks for a retro dress.  This was a last choice, but defiently suprised how much I liked it.


the print is vibrant and the material is great, but the dress is a lot more high waisted than it seems in the photos and its shorter than described.  I'm tall and it is too short for me to wear to a special occasion


Very cute and fits true to size. I am 140 lbs, 5'7", with a 28" waist and the medium fits great. I wear it with a petticoat and I think it looks great. The material is average- you get what you pay for as far as that.


This dress was beautiful, and great quality. The XL fit my frame perfectly; 5'4", 165 lbs, 38D. Unfortunately I'm returning the dress though, as the chest area where it is stitched, does not lay flat as I would like.


I followed the measurements and I am happy with the fit.  I usually wear a size 8 on the bottom and a size 6 top. I chose the large. This dress has a wonderful weight to the fabric. I bought a crinoline slip to fill out the skirt.


This came in and it was of good quality,  It does run small as I ordered a large for my 13 year old daughter and she is no where close to a woman large,  so please read the sizing chart .  It was beautiful and glad I purchased it.


I am so happy with this dress.


I'm 5'3 130lbs and ordered a Medium. Fit wonderfully.


Color is vibrant in person. A very good red.


The dresss has very good pleats.


Material feels ok, I would recommend ironing it. It will definitely wrinkle but that didn't bother me since I wore for dancing.


I did wear nylons with it and the dress static clinged to it....just to let people know lol


