The fabric on this dress is beautiful and quality. The top was slightly snug, but the waist fit perfectly. I'm a US size six and ordered the small. Two things confused me about this dress. The neckline in the back is oddly low for this style dress. I will need to wear a sweater over it to make it ok for work. There were also no belt loops for the belt that came with it. I wish the back was higher cut. I searched extensively for the same dress cut differently but couldn't find it. I will keep it because of the print but was disappointed overal.


Beautiful dress.  Very well made. The the top is lined and the skirt flares as shown in the picture.  However I also purchased a petticoat to wear under it ( hasn't arrived yet) but it seems you can wear it without and it still looks beautiful and holds it shape.  It comes with a sash/belt.  I don't like the sash look so I just added some snaps in strategic places and made a "wrap around" belt with it and now it looks just like a part of the dress.  I am very pleased with this purchase as this is the first time I ordered a dress like this online as was a little nervous as to how it would fit.  I ordered a small ( 114lbs. 5'2") and it fits perfectly.


I absolutely love this dress!! I am pregnant and was concerned it would be too small especially with it being so fitted so I ordered a size up and it fits beautifully! I got it for a 50’s costume for a Fall Fest but after trying it on and my husbands reaction to it (he loves it) I will be wearing this for more than just a costume. It’s actually really comfortable. I’m 5’81/2” and it hits me right at the knees. The material feels sturdy but comefortable.


I really wanted to fall in love with this dress, byt u can't.


Pros: it runs true to size, I m 5'2, 127 lb n small for perfect


Cons: the dress is a cottony fabric, so it arrived very wrinkled. Made me think it would end up looking like that at end of day,  as the fabric gets wrinkled easily


It came with a belt,  which was weurd as it was very hard to line it up with vertical stripes of dress and it kept on looking off


The sticking around the chest is off ... the sides are diagonal while front in straight lines makingredients me look bigger than I am


It's a great dress but it may look better on smaller chested women I feel


A cute dress. It came in normal plastic packaging but smelled terrible of mildew. If I didn't like the print so much and had a specific event I wanted to wear it for I would have sent it back. I washed it and most of the odor came out. It wrinkles very easy and will need to pressed and likely starched each time it is worn/washed. It comes with a pretty cheap looking white belt, I chose to use my own but I think it looks better with a saddle brown belt and shoes.


I'm 5'6", 34-26-40 and the medium fits great. The material does have a stretch so if I wanted a tighhhht fit I could do a small but the medium is perfect.


I bought the mint green with birds and I fell in love with it-- but immediately had my heart broken. I ordered large because reviews said to size up and I was hoping it'd fit, but it did not. I could've sewn it to take in the waist but this was a whole 'nother level of way too big.  I am normally a small in most brands, but looking at the chart the seller provided I would've fit into a medium. I will be returning but I would absolutely reorder this dress had it been available in medium. I did order another dress from this seller in medium and it fit perfectly. I'm 139lbs and 5'3.


This dress is adorable. I bought if for my daughter. She is petite, 5'2" 110 lbs and we bought a small. It fit her perfectly. It is well made and extremely flattering. Love the V cut back of the dress. The button waist sash is a nice added touch to this dress. Very cute and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a casual summer dress or it can be dressed up with the right pair of shoes and accessories.


Spectacular little dress! I love it. It looks just like the pictures and fits wonderfully. Follow the size chart! I usually wear a 12/14, 36DD, and buy a dress in an XL if there's no stretch. According to the size chart I bought an XXL and it fits like a dream - no pulling or tightness, even on the bust. I'll probably wear this with a little crinoline to puff out the skirt, but it really is spectacular. I thought the little belt would be weird but it nicely lengthens the bodice. Highly recommended.


I ADORE THIS DRESS! I will definitely order more in the future. I ordered a medium and it fit great! I'm 145lbs and 5'9 and it falls right below my knees. I love the birds and the sewing quality is great! I sew, so I was impressed with the quality for the cost. Can't wait to wear this to an upcoming wedding! I haven't decided if I want to wear the petticoat underneath or not. The photo is without. I haven't washed it yet, but I will likely air dry to keep the wear and tear down.


This dress is adorable! I was shocked at the great quality!! Its a midweight fabric , good seams and zippers. Finding a dress on amazon that fits is rare for me due to large bust small waist and big hips. I followed the sizing instructions and it fits like a glove! Im 5'8" and it grazes right below my knee.I will be ordering more in other prints! Do not hesitate to purchase this dress!


