Dress fit as expected. The belt was WAY too small. I ordered a medium and a large. The medium fit best.  The belt was the same size for both dresses. Strange.  It's a cute dress. I'll just buy another belt.


This Is so beautiful... The red, black and white is breathtaking.  I was so excited to see this pattern. I love the dress material. It is not cheaply made. The fabric is thick yet breathable. I like the  belt that you can use or not use. They really didn't skimp the material.. Such amazing detail to this pattern. I like that the back is a zip up. This is truly an ultimate 50's style dress. I am please that the neckline is proportioned nicely. Not to high or to low. And it fits well to size. I am looking forward to wearing this dress in a photo with my daughter in a pin up style photo. I may have to add it to my review when I do this in the summer.


(I have received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest non bias review which I have done)


It is a beautiful dress, but the fabric is so hard to iron and keep from wrinkling. It seems to me that the fabric isn't worth the price. The picture makes it look shiny but it is a dull color. Don't get me wrong it's beautiful but hard to keep up. More of a afternoon dress then a party dress.


I bought this loving the preview image. I will say the fabric is thick, and the fit is nice. I wore it to a company party and fit in perfectly! It was great.


My ONLY gripe is that the seams come up right over my boobs... resulting in what appears to be nipples no matter what I do.


I would also love this dress more if I got it tailored, which may not be worth it for a $30 dress.


All in all, it was a solid purchase, and I'm sold on the style.


Love it ! As soon as I transfer the pictures from my camera to my phone. I'll post them up.


It fit perfectly around the waist, and the chest size, comes over the knee.


32B, 27 inch waist. 5'2 ft


Con: I hate the belt !! It's not flattering on my waist, maybe if I lost weight or I had a smaller waist, it would work out, but for now. Nope. Don't like it


This dress is now my new favorite dress!  I love it sooo much, and love the pin up style to the dress, which I've always loved Pin-Up girls and vintage clothing and style.  I ordered the white with the black and purple flowers.  They also have other colors and another 1950's style dresses.  The dress is halter/tank top and hugs and makes your waist look a lot smaller.  Then the 1950's Vintage Party Dress starts to flare out little by little until you get to the bottom, and it flares out even more beautifully.  The dress is a littler heavier than your average dress and that's because it's made of 97% Cotton, and is very comfortable.  It zips up in the back which is nice.  The dress does come with a "belt" that you can put around your waist and tie a bow.  I think with that tied in, this dress makes any figure look fabulous!  The dresses fit true to size, there is a size chart you can look at.  I am 5 foot 7 inches, and around 120 pounds, I ordered a size small and it fits perfectly.  I hope that helps.  I would definitely order another dress and probably will.  I've got my eye on another one... or two.  :)


Disclaimer I did receive this item at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.  Under no circumstances am I compensated in any way, nor does receiving a discount ensure a positive review.  These are my own, thoughts, words, and rating.


This dress is good only for summer. It is too light and for American standard, the size should be ordered 2 more than the person size is. Nice colors, exactly as it looks on the picture.


The dress itself is very cute. The material is thick and not see through at all. I would recommend steaming it as it is a little wrinkly out of package. I gave 4 stars and not 5 cause the belt that it came with makes it just blend with no contrast. I would recommend using a bright belt to make it pop and give a nice waistline definition.


Cute but not very high quality. It's fine for the price. Runs small had to exchange.


It's a beautiful dress, and it fits well, but it was shipped in such a way that it was extremely wrinkled when I opened it. It took hours to iron the dress without destroying the pleats, and it still doesn't look quite as nice as it should.


