I should have ordered one size up but that's ok.  I can get it zipped most of the way except right around the boob area.  I wear a little cardigan over it anyway so you can tell.  I plan on losing weight so it should fit just right pretty soon.  I adore the dress!  It is super cute!!  I'll be sure to add a picture when I wear it this weekend.


Such a beautiful dress. Fits so well. The color and pattern is so pretty. I will be wearing this to my daughter's school play. Can't wait!!! Will look to buy more.


I love this dress, the fit is perfect! I am 5'5 1/2 and I love the length on me, not too short or long. Bonus is that it came with a wide band belt in the same material. It also has a little stretch which I love and the burgundy is vibrant against my skin. I don't know about the longevity of the material but so far so good.


I'm 5'8" 170lbs with an hour glass figure and the Medium fit me perfectly.  I normally wear a size 10 pants and 8 dress.  --I really liked this dress. It fit perfect.  I am only giving 4 stars because I believe the Navy dress was sent to me instead of the Blue (there were pictures of other customers wearing the blue and mine was DEFINITELY not that bright). So, I ended up returning it.  I will probably re-order it though in black, I might even take another shot at ordering the blue in hopes they send one that isn't navy.


cons:


I got this dress a couple months ago and forgot about it in my closet. I got it as motivation to lose weight and i did. I lost about 25-30lbs and thought it would fit. wrong. I got an extra large. extra large is more like a medium. I can't zip it up at all.


pros:


I wear it with some black flats and a black sweater over it and you can't tell! I work retail so I have to dress up everyday (my job has high expectations of its employees) and its comfortable even unzipped. I wore it today and got about 15 compliments. I go the pin up way all day everyday, i.e. red lipstick, pompadour in my hair, the whole nine yards. i even talk that way! If you're busty and a curvy girl like me, it still works. I got some petticoats to wear underneath and it looks FABULOUS!! I'm thinking about getting another petticoat for some extra oomph!


I can't wait to get more of these dresses in other colors, but this time - one that fits right!


This is too cute!  I bought it to wear at Disney.  I also bought a crinoline skirt to wear under it.  The fabric doesn't feel cheap.  The zipper feels a little cheap.  It's not a heavy duty zipper, but it's not bottom of the line either.  Overall, I think this dress was a great value!


I love this dress, the color is about the same than the picture vibrant I am very please with it. The fabric is great you can wear it at the office or evening. Very well done comfortable I am not disappointed. Great for any body type as well.


I really enjoy this dress. It's super cute. I'm 5'2", so it's a big long, so I am debating bringing up the hem, but haven't fully decided as it's not so long that I couldn't leave it as is. I've gotten multiple compliments in this dress. It's very cute, and can be accessorized easily.


I don't even know where to start. I'm a normal Medium, I ordered a Medium and it fit flawlessly. I'm 5'9 and it falls right on my knees. Everything about this dress is flattering. The fit, the proportion, it even has a built in slip just in case. I have gotten at least 5 compliments on how adorable it is on me. It took my husband alot of elbow grease and muscle to get the zipper up. but soon as he did it was perfect.


Everything was perfect but the chest area, i got a size XL and I thought there'd be little bit more of room but the chest area was just about right. It fits exactly my chest/bust area. No room was left. I'm 5'3 ft and 150lbs. Overall will still recommend this dress. It's a good one :)


