I absolutely love this dress and get compliments on it everywhere I go. It is incredibly comfortable and beautiful I feel like a 1950s movie star! However, it's little big on me but that's because I ordered the wrong size.


I had someone measure me and I thought their measurements seemed a bit off but I went against my better judgement and did what they said and sure enough, it was too big. Had I gone with my gut it would've been the perfect size. Unfortunately I waited too long to return it but I will absolutely buy another dress from this company! They are so sweet, they even sent a personalized letter! It was completely my fault that I ordered the wrong size and and in no way reflects the company or the sizing with the dresses. If you know what you're supposed to order or know your size then go with your gut feeling.


Color: Dark red. Like a wine but not purple at all. A true, beautiful deep red.


Feel: Firm but not stiff, has a beautiful skirt that will splay outward if you twirl. Does come wrinkled but a quick wash and low tumble dry then hang dry will fix it.


Size: Again, a bit too large for that is my fault and in no way reflects the company. I now know what size to order and my next dress will be perfect.


Beautiful dress. Very flattering and comfortable. Material wrinkles easily and some of the stitching on the belt was not entirely perfect but a very pretty dress for the price.


I really love this dress, however it will need a little work if you are on the shorter side. I'm 5'1" and ordered a medium. It needed to be hemmed about 3 inches


So that it wouldn't hit me mid calf. Not a problem for me and the photo is after my quick blind hem job. Color was darker than expected. The dress fit well the belt seems small but still fits. I really liked the thickness and quality of the fabric I'm not usually a fan of synthetic blends but this one is alright.


I love this dress! In fact, I'm devising a night out with my husband just so I can wear this dress. The colors are sharp and the pattern is pretty. I love this style and it seems sewn well eneugh. The belt just ties and I kind of wish it was a bit longer,  but I just like really long ribbon ends, it's fine.  The bodice is lined and I am able to even wear a black bra underneath which is good because my favorite bras are black ones.  The measurements I needed to order were a bit tricky. I went with the upper end of the sizes for my measurements thinking of it was too large in could have it altered. It fits perfect. All this dress needs are some cute heels and a red lipstick. Love it! * I received this product at a discount or free in exchange for a fair and honest review *


This did NOT work for me...it was wayyy too small, but i also didn't like the material for what I intended to wear it for...a wedding.  I had to send it back.


Amazing dress! Used this for a dance piece I designed costumes for. Well made and easy for the dancer to move in.


I like the dress but the material is not as lush and the sizing is way too small.


Fabric is very thin cotton and the fit is tight in the bust area. Had to send it back.


Fits but runs a bit small, wasn't as long as shown. But it's very cute dress.


Loved the color, but it was too small. I wear a size 18 misses or 16 womens- tried first the XL, then the 2X - the XL came with a detached belt in same material. Both were too small. Cotton material and lined.


