I'm 5'10", 37"-28"-40", dress hit right above the knee, and I ordered a medium. I loved the way the dress fit, but the print I ordered was a bit...strange upon closer inspection. And by strange I mean that it looked like the women in the cowgirl pattern had been in a horrific disfiguring car wreck. I debated on keeping it just for the novelty of the bizarre pattern but ultimately found it too distracting (but still pretty damn funny). I'm planning on ordering another pattern because it fit beautifully.


I got so many compliments on this dress. Great buy for the price. It laid nice, no petticoat needed. I will definitely order another one in another color. I'm 5'5" and 170lbs, 38DD and I got an XL because I read that it ran small in the reviews. It fit perfectly!!! It is not see through at all, went just below my knee and perfect sized arm holes (no side boob fat showing), it is stretchy cotton. I would have given it 5 stars if the belt was attached. When I sat down the belt would fold up, I think I will sew it in place.


I love this dress! The color is true to the photo, and it is nice quality material. It was very comfortable to wear. the waist line is actually a belt, with adorable buttons. I have 34c breast and found no issue in the bust area as others have mentioned.


Cute, used as bridesmaid dresses in my sister in laws wedding. Fit well on both the slender and curvy ladies


Absolutely lovely dress! I've been eyeing this for ages but was apprehensive to purchase because I'm so petite I worried a small would be too large. However, they seem to run about a half size small and the fit was near perfect. (I tend to prefer a more fitted natural waist but this comes down to preference)


It's light weight without being cheap and the lemon pattern really pops.


For size reference I'm 5'1" and approximately 100lbs.


This dress is beautiful. So glad I chose this dress out of all the dresses on Amazon. I am 5'2' and 124 lbs. I purchased the large. It fits comfortably. I probably could have ordered a medium and it would have been more form fitting. A toddler took the picture of me and I was pleasantly surprised when scrolling through my phone. You won't regret this purchase. Every women should have one beautiful and timeless dress. This dress Could be dressed up or down.


Gorgeous dress and fit per specific dress' size chart. (I'm 5'8, 130 lbs and I needed a large but I usually wear a sm/med - different sizing) It's a little see-through, but it shouldn't be a problem. It's super comfortable and very pretty.


It was a hit at my mom's 60th birthday party! I already had the petticoat from another dress that I ordered but I was totally cute! The dress is made very well. It did come a little wrinkled, but nothing a dry cleaner couldn't fix. If you are good at ironing then you could do it yourself. It has some pleats around the waist and I didn't want to mess those up.


Awesome dress!!!


