Fits true to size. I would carefully measure bust and waist as there's not a lot of stretch. Beautiful dress after steamed and with a petticoat


This dress is great!  Well made, nice material with a bit of stretch to it.  Not cheep and thin.  I am 5'11" and 175 pounds, got XL, and was a tiny bit to tight.  Might have just been this dress though. I also bought this dress in the blue stripe in XL, and it fit perfectly!  Came down to my knees, looked even better with a petticoat!  Comes with a nice matching belt, perfect for making the dress look a bit more long waisted.  I have a long waist, so most dresses are to short in that area, but with the belt it looked perfect! A+


Very cute dress! It is a bit tight compared to other dress I've bought in the same size. I'd order up a size to be safe.


Ordered this for "havana" themed party at work. I am in between xs, s and medium. It just depends on the fabric and style. I ordered a medium on this one thinking that it is Asian size. The overall fit was a little loose. I should have gotten a small. I guess I can have it altered. I am only 5'0 so it was a little long for me. I did get a few compliments so I am happy about it. And I have another  co-worker with the same dress.


I was so happy to receive this dress and it fit perfect! Surprisingly great quality material and very well sewn.  Top has a liner and the bottom does not.  I was so excited to try it on the pics are straight out of the package so the dress is very wrinkled and my crinoline couldn’t help it.  Very nicely packaged with a thank you card.  I will definitely be buying more dresses from this vender.


I ordered a xxl. I’m 5’5” and about 175lbs, size 40E chest.  Hope that helps you decide.


Thank you!


Definitely worth the money.  I absolutely love the print and the fabric is a nice soft breezy-but-not-unsturdy cotton.  The belt is adorable.  I will say--follow the size chart, American women, and do not kid yourself when it comes to your bust and waist measurements.  I ordered for my exact measurements (an XL per the chart) and while it technically fits and is not unflatteringly tight, it'd be more comfortable if I weighed 5-10 pounds less.  I'm 5'7" and it falls to mid-kneecap on me.  Very flattering length, suitable for pretty much any occasion.


I would 100% buy this dress again in their other patterns.


Great price, really cute dress, comes with self-belt. Highly recommended for Rockabilly/ 1950s look. Can't wait to wear it. I usually purchase my 50s-style dresses from a renowned British company, but this was about half the price, and is partially lined, which the Brit ones are not. I will definitely be purchasing from this company again. I'm 5'4", 38DDD, and about 170 and I had no issues with size (I ordered a 3X, which was humbling, but fit just fine in waist and chest).


Bought this dress for a Tea Party. It was beautiful! Perfect fit! Did not know it came with a belt. I'm glad it did.


This is dress is 100% Awesome! I am always a little sceptical when buying clothing online. I read reviews and most of the time get disappointed. With this dress I was not. I am an in between clothing size of sometimes I'm a medium sometimes I'm a large. I am 5'2, a B chest, a I had 2 kids and didn't work on it tummy and I ordered a Medim. Let me tell you it fit and it got so much I didn't want to take it off, I wanted to go out and show the world this dress fit absolutely great. I now want to stalk this company and order more,  so much more.


Beautiful dress. I ordered  L  in green and it looks stunning. Normally I wear small or medium. L fits perfect. It was very wrinkled and ironing it is a challenge because of all the pleats. But it was well worth it. I can't wait to wear it.


