3X fits me as a size 18 like a glove! I’ve purchased MANY “retro style” dresses on amazon and this one is my favorite as far as the fit and flare go! Will be buying more colors for sure!


Very Pretty dress, nice cut.  I bought the wine red, which wasn't as dark as I needed for a wedding, but still a nice color.  I'm a size 12, 5'4", 160 lbs, so I bought an XXL but it was a bit large on me so between that and the color, I returned it.  However, I plan on buying on one in another color for holiday parties.


Fits a little smaller than expected but still a cute dress. Fabric has a bit of stretch to it. Wish the belt was attached but other than that it’s very cute


Love it. Cute, classy, fit how I thought it would. Not giving 5 starts though because the belt was like two sizes too small.


My daughter got this dress for "Decades Day" at school to dress in 50's style.  It looks great on her.  My only complaint is that the color is much darker than shown in the photo.  Instead of an ivory or cream with black polka dots it is more of a tan with black polka dots.


Fabric is great, top was small through shoulders, which is a normal issue for me, but I sized up to address that and the result was small top/huge bottom as a result.


Cheap enough to recycle to a skirt


This dress would have been perfect, but it was still just a little too tight on my chest.  It stretched a lot over the measurements, but it's always a gamble with "the girls".  The fabric was high quality.  I wish I could have kept it!


Bought the Blue color.  Beautiful design, and fit me like a glove. No alteration needed.  The belt is 1 inch shorter and doesnt work on me (less 1 star for this).  The dress looks good even without the belt. Either need to work on ironing, or send it to the Laundry to get it done.


This a very nicely made dress that I tried to get a size that would fit me. I wear a size six and tried both the small and medium size. Both were too small. I gave up and returned it.


Great pattern for my daughter's 50's dance at high-school. She looked adorable and she didn't complain about the feel or fit, she was happy.


