I like the fit. I wish it had pockets.  The fabric is the "cotton stretch" that means it feels fairly good but has stretch. It's not quite cotton enough for me.  The bodice is lined with something less nice, but overall it is very good.  Length is good, swing is good. Pleats are well done.  I got two dresses at the same time, and I think I'm keeping the other one, not this one.  Close, but not exactly perfect.


I love this dress! I am looking at the splid red ones to use as bridesmaid dresses for my wedding. After having read the reviews thoroughly and referencing the size chart, I bought a medium. I would say it fit a little larger than I expected, but not enough to register it as somewhat larger. I have a wide black belt that I am going to wear it with, but I still have to fimd a decent pair of saddle shoes to go with. It looks good with or without a crinoline under it, depending on how you want it to look.


I am 5'3", 120 pounds, I wear a 36C bra, about 37" hips, and a 28" waist


It doesn't look as nice as the photo, but it is still good. The middle/waist is not too nice though, and that's what keeps this from being a great dress. Pair this with the perfect belt and it's wearable.


Love the way that this dress fits. I'm 5' 2" tall and 146 pounds. Wears a 34DD bra and this dress fits as it was custom made for my body. Would have love to have pockets, but I guess that would cost more.


This dress is gorgeous and I have received many compliments wearing it. It fits perfectly. The pattern is just gorgeous and I think it looks better in person. The belt is sized too small, but I really don't need it.


I really like the pattern, that being said the zipper felt like it was going to break the first time I tried it on. I can only imagine after a few washes. Particularly the seam where the skirt attached to the top the zipper seems to catch, so take it slow. *NOTE the size was fine - S - so it's not as though I was forcing the dress because it was too small for me.  I am 5'1" and 125 lbs and the skirt is massive, I could house a number of small children under it but maybe it will calm down after a wash.


I’m a big girl, but I still like to feel pretty.  This navy polka dot dress was perfect for a party on the Steamboat Natchez in New Orleans.  Sits just below my knee and true to fit, stretchy cotton material.....I would highly recommend


My mum, sister and I bought this dress and it’s 100% comfortable


Almost cute if it weren't so long and large.  Hits me lower mid-calf in an unflattering way.  The cowgirl print looks like blow up dolls.  Unattractive print really.  I am 5' 3" and 122 LBS and this looked like a tent on me.


The dress was really good quality, but the medium was to small on me and I usually wear an 8


