I have this dress in 5 colors, it's my summer staple at this point! The fit is great on the long sleeve for my larger chest, for reference the XL fits 36DD. I will say the short sleeve options are a bit tighter in the chest area, not enough to go up a size, but enough to cause pulling. Luckily the buttons are made with elastic so it's not too squeezed. Overall one of my favorite purchases ever and would definitely recommend for curvy girls!


Sizing is way off, order 2 sizes bigger than I normally would and it was still very tight in the waist, chest, and arms. Quality of fabric and construction is also very poor.


Other than the way too deep plunge (yeay saftey pins) It is SO beautiful.  Feminine and lovely - daughter feels beautiful wearing it - that's what I like best about it!!!


Print, Size, Material and everything about this dress is good


The string in the front is just for decoration, not a tie-waist.  The elastic for the waist is not very tight.  If you are between sizes, I would recommend going down.


I love this dress, but it does run pretty small. I'm 5'4 and usually wear a Medium or Large dress. I ordered the XL because reviews said it runs small. I was expecting this dress to be way too long, but it was pretty much exactly the length I would need for a maxi dress, which is not good news for anyone taller than 5'4. The arms are also very tight. Giving someone a hug would likely result in me hulking out in the arms/ shoulders. Sending the XL back and ordering the xxl so we'll see how that goes!


I couldn’t be happier with this dress. It flows beautifully, and fits perfect. The colors are pretty for spring or fall, just have to add the right shoes/accessories to match the season.


I love my dress! I get nothing but compliments when I wear it. Comfortable and stylish in one dress! I may order another one.


Nice fit but this dress came with no care instructions nor fabric content. The fabric wrinkles very easily so if you sit for just a minute it's a wrinkly mess.


The sizing was correct it just didn't fit my chest size very well. But it would be a very comfortable cute dress otherwise.


