I was really bummed out not to love this dress, but I've never had a dress be both too big and too small at the same time. The entire dress fit loosely, which is fine except the bustline was WAY too high. It was so short waisted that your nipples would have be on your collar bones for it to fit properly. The stupid thing is that if they dropped the waist in the design it could easily fit ANY body size/shape and flatter everyone. Like this it'll only fit tall women with nothing bigger than a B cup (and even then, maybe only 20-year olds).


I’m 5’8”, 170 lbs, 43 bust, usually size L or 12, Chico’s 1. According to the size chart, the XXL would be too small through the bust. It’s not! Glad I took a chance. I bought the white/green print which has coral colored poppies and some dusty chambray blue flowers also. The fabric reminds me of the lightweight rayon we used to buy at Express in the 80’s. Very drapey. The smocked waist makes it easy to get the dress off and on with out undoing all those buttons. As a matter of fact, I’m gonna run a row of stitching down the inside front placket to keep it in place. Then I won’t be able to unbutton it. I bought this to wear around my beach house this summer. It’ll be great for that, but would also be wonderful to wear to a summer concert or a casual restaurant. Will probably buy at least one more!


I have bought several of these dresses and they are so cute and comfortable. I always get compliments when I wear them and they are perfect for summer time because they are lightweight and flowy.  The white dresses definitely require nude colored bra/panties because the fabrics are fairly thin, but that's one of the things that make it so comfortable.  They do wrinkle fairly easily, but they iron easily too. The only one that I've ordered that didn't seem true to color was the multicolored red one - it was much less of a primarily vibrant red with turquoise in real life than it looked in the picture. 1 star docked bevause my light green one's seam near the elastic gathering under the bust started to come apart after a few washes, but it was easily sewed back together (I just threw them in with my normal wash, will probably do a delicate cycle from now on).


I received this in the color RED. I love the print, and it makes me feel so feminine and elegant. It's loose and flowy, but it doesn't swallow my short stature. Fabric is cheap and easily wrinkles (meaning it's thin fabric), so think about how you'd like to store or hang this dress.


I'm 5ft tall, so I knew that this dress would be a little too long for me--about 4-5inches in excess. Definitely go off the measurements from the Product Description section to determine other aspects of measurement. I'm typically a SMALL for most dresses but I ordered the MEDIUM because this fabric will most likely shrink in the wash. There will probably be just enough room after shrinking to still maintain that comfortable and flowy feel of this dress--no one should see my food baby too terribly.


I don't like how this dress has buttons all the way down--and it's difficult to fasten these buttons. There are elastic loops that take time to button every single one of them--annoying, but it should be just a one-time hassle. The sewing of the buttons is poorly done, but you can't expect too much from this brand. This dress in RED has tassels at the waist; however, they serve no purpose other than for looks. The tassels don't even look good as the threads are tangled.


I like this dress enough to give it 4 stars, but I took a star away due to the poor construction of this dress.


First photo shows rutching detail below the bust.


Second photo shows the tassel around the waist.


Third photo shows loose threads from buttons.


This dress makes you feel ready for anything. I'm not over exaggerating. You could wear it out to any event. The material is smooth, breathable, not too thick or thin. Very nice ladies! My husband said "Wow that is tastefully rich. You look British. I really like that dress on you!"


Honestly I expected both of us not to like it. I have never worn something of this style but my daughter is having a wedding on the beach in Mexico. I wanted clothes for the vacation. A long dress is safer if it's windy. My measurements are 5'3 , 132lbs, 32ddd. *I must say that the string with fringe in the front will be removed then replaced with a brown braid belt. Planning on wearing brown sandals.


It wasn’t quite what I expected. Although the dress fit loose, there are still gaps between the buttons so you need something under it.


I should have read the comments. I am a 36DD, 5.1" tall. The length is perfect and it's flowy but the waist creeps up to my bust area. I tried covering it with a belt but doesnt look right after a short while. I prefered unbuttoning the top with a laced tank.


Love this dress ! It's comfortable and fits well . Most likely to order again in another colour


So comfortable and compliments even my petite, curvy shape! I love this dress!  I ordered one in a large with sleeves and this one in xl and am glad so the sleeves aren't tight. They both fit perfect. Will be purchasing more and recommending to all my boos.


I've had this dress for bit over a year. I just ordered it in a lighter floral pattern for Easter. It fits very well, but did shrink up a fair amount in the wash, so I went up a size this time. It is one of my favorite pieces in my closet!


