The dress is beatiful. However, it misses 1 botton loop! How embrassing!


Super cute and light. I was afraid the fabric would be heavy polyester but it's a great airy cotton. My only issue is that the waist is more empire than actually at waist level. This is fixed with the addition of a belt, and probably won't be an issue for people with smaller boobs.


I’m giving at four stars simply because I had to return it once because there was a defect in the material, otherwise the stress fits very nicely if not a little long. It also on buttons all the way down which is why I ordered it because I am a nursing mother…


This dress is my new favorite. It looks amazing for work, but I can also easily nurse my son while wearing it. It is outrageously flattering on even my imperfect post baby figure. I also have a short sleeved version, and may buy a third


Much better than I expected. It’s beautiful, soft, and exactly as pictured. True to size as well. Im 5’ 4” 130lbs and I ordered a Small. Fits perfect.


I love this dress with all my heart!! It is amazing!! Any time I wear it I get so many compliments! I did order the size bigger than i usually wear just because online ordering I never know and I am glad i did. It runs a little small around the bust area and arms. But, honestly!! You cannot go wrong!!


I purchased this dress for a dear friend's wedding in Atlanta. I knew it would probably be warm but I wanted to stay modest. This dress was a perfect combo. Airy and had sleeves. I received many compliments on the dress! I plan on buying every print and color in this style! I was so comfortable and felt confident.


I ordered the navy pink dress but the dress that came has a completely different pattern than the one shown in the pictures for navy_pink.  I have posted pictures of what was shown and what was sent to me.  The fit of the dress is good and the material is nice and flowy but I wish the one that came was the one I ordered based on the pictures.


I bought this dress in a different color previously and loved it BUT this one isn't made as well and fits funny. I should have returned it but didn't.


Really cute and flattering dress.  I cut the tassels off the front, because I didn't think they added anything to the look.


