You GUYS! This was so much better than expected. I am 5ft 180lbs and ordered a Large. It fits well even if the stretchy waistband creeps up on the boobage some (36E). What are you gonna do though. I was afraid the buttons would do the typical straining/looking indecent thing, but there is sufficient give and coverage. I am also super short and this just barely skims the ground when I walk. I would probably only wear it with a slight heel or boot to try to keep the hemline clear of the ground. Speaking of hems, it is not the best sewn hem in the world, but I also don’t anticipate it unraveling or anyone looking closely at the hem. As a lot of the other reviews said, the material is rather thin, but it isn’t indecent. It came super wrinkly, but a good stream session has it looking 10x better. I am not sure it would survive well in a suitcase. Overall, solid buy!


I bought the navy & pink in L. 5'7 38C and it fit great. The arms were a little tight at first, definitely not for larger upper arms. The rest of the dress fit perfectly and just barely avoids dragging on the floor, perfect length for me. I liked it so much I bought another one. The navy was not sheer at all either. Definitely have to be careful washing it's not the highest quality but it works. For the price it's a great deal, just wish the shipping was faster for my 2nd dress.


This dress fits super tight around the arms. Also, too many small buttons down the front with elastic hoop closures. My arthritic fingers couldn't handle all the buttons. To me, the dress was thrown together fast and cheap. This dress probably would look nice on a younger slender woman but does not do anything for me. Not returning because it's just not worth the trouble. Might put it in the next bag for Cedar Lake to pick up.


I don't normally write reviews, but I saw a lot of positive reviews on this dress before buying it and I feel like people deserve to know what they're getting.


The print and fabric were as expected--light and flowy. The length of the dress was maxi-dress length, again, as expected. But the arms and bust-line were weirdly out of proportion. The sleeves were WAY too light (too the point I feared not being able to get the dress off for a good 5-10 minutes--true struggle, I know). This dress has a sort of empire waist, in that it is meant to singe in slightly below the bust. When I tried the dress on, the "singeing in" was so far up the dress that it happened in the middle of my bust, not below them.


To top it off, the stitching was already falling apart before I even tried the dress on. Best of luck to whomever orders this.


I got this dress for my mom for Mother's Day and she loved it! As we're both the same size, I tried it on myself before giving it to her and I loved it so much that I might just purchase one for myself! Great fit, soft material, and the v-neck is definitely work-appropriate. I also love the fact that the design really accentuates the smallest part of your body! This would be a good style for any body type.


**edited to 3 stars - upon closer inspection rips and tearing along seams are so bad I have to throw it out. Definitely a one use dress, but it was pretty for that one night.


I ordered a ton of dresses on Amazon to try for a wedding and settled on this one. The fabric was light and airy even in the June heat. It's a little sheer against the light but I just wore a slip so it was no big deal. I would have given this 5 stars but the seam in the back of the top ripped at the end of the night so will need to be repaired before I can wear it again.


I was so nervous about buying this dress after the horror stories I've heard about people buying clothes that turned out to be terrible quality. But I'm pleased to say that I'm thrilled with this purchase! The material doesn't feel cheap and the stitching is relatively nice. There are a few loose strings that need to be cut. The dress is really flattering too. My only word of caution would be to short girls like me. If you don't mind taking this dress to be hemmed or you can do it yourself, this dress is perfect for the price. I'm 5'2, 120lbs and I need at least 5 inches of fabric hemmed.


I absolutely love this dress! I wish they came in solid colors. I'm 5' 2" 120 lbs and ordered a size small. It fit absolutely perfect upon arrival. Unfortunately, it shrunk even though I washed it on cold and hung to dry. Fortunately, it only shrunk an inch. No biggie. The buttons up the front are awesome for breastfeeding mommas, however I'm under the impression this dress may not fit bustier ladies. I'm only a B cup and it fits well. I would say even a bit snug (for me). I would recommend giving this dress a try.


It's pretty and looks like the picture.


Let me give you some size details though.


I'm 5'10" and 160.


I have a small ribcage and bigger lower half.


I ordered a MEDIUM because some people said that they were too big.


The dress is too short and wide for me. The bust fits, but the underbust is loose as hell. Giving my body no shape at all, I don't understand why it works this way because the underbrust is actually elastic and stretchy. So not only is it too big but it has plenty of room to stretch. In the photo I have the tassles  tied in the back and those feel low quality. The dress was about three inches above my ankles.


5'1" and I got the apricot extra small. The elastic waist is not very firm - by that I mean it's very light elastic and doesn't actually support the skirt from the waist. That may be good for some but I have ordered a wide stretchy leather belt that I think will complement it nicely because my figure needs the definition. The fabric is very supple and there's a lot of it - the bottom hem is 20'!  Also, mine came unhemmed - it was edge stitched. This didn't matter to me since I had to cut 4" off of it and hem it anyway.  It irons very easily on a low temp. Being a person that sews, there is a lot of detail with all the button loops and a lot of 60" fabric in the skirt. I wouldn't have been able to make it for the cost and the labor.


