I totally love the dress and it fits perfect. I am 5'-3" and weigh aroun120lbs, I ordered the small size .


This to me fits a bit large if you have small lady bits like me but super comfortable and very cute. Material isn't bad either. Highly recommend


Also I'm 5'7 about 140 and bought a large but I would buy a medium next time just to have more of a tighter fit but if u prefer a bit looser I would recommend buying your regular size.


Dress was a perfect fit.  A little low cut, so a tank or bandeau on under for work purposes works just fine!  Can dress up with some heels or dress casually with sandals!  Love this dress and will be getting some different patterns and styles ASAP!


Great look, very comfortable, but buttons stretch to leave gaps showing skin. Buttons come open allot.


5 foot 2 inches


34 d


4 inches hit the floor, but fits bust great.


Very pretty, great fabric, runs a little small so account for that . I have had a lot of "I love your dress"  comments Really like it


This budding new 55 year old model loves this line of dresses! :) This is a beautiful flowing dress that looks great and works for many occasions. I love the feminine feel with a natural floral vibe. The material is soft yet sturdy. I wash it in cold water on the gentle cycle and after many uses, it still looks brand new. Fantastic buy, so I bought several more in other patterns! Love it!


I love this dress. It's really flowy and great for all figures. I'm 5'3", in the 180's and a 38D. I do hang dry this as it does shrink a little.


I would give 5 stars but the dress has a small hole at top of sleeve. Not returning because i can sew.  And Im glad I changed from a medium to a small because the small is almost to big. Over all i love the fit. Im 5'4 130lbs and 34 D. I will be ordering another dress but in XS. Shipping was fast i ordered on a Thursday and it was here on Sunday morning.


Dress is amazing. The sizing scared me a little so I took a leap and got a small. I am 5'8 (147lbs) and it was flowing perfectly. I got so many compliments and plan to order another for the fall. The material is thin but fits amazing


Fits as expected, 5’ 9” 150 lbs size medium is good, white print is fairly see through


