Made for heights under 5'4


This is a beautiful dress! The only down side for me is that the arms are too small.


The materials of these dresses are different. The yellow floral one that I got was a soft, smooth, flowy fabric. The black green dress is a crinkled-gauze material which I don't like. These differences were not described and all these dresses are listed the same way.


i wear medium shirts, so i bought the medium. fit me well! i am 5’8” and i would have loved if it were about an inch longer, but no biggie. i would repurchase this dress, and am debating ordering it in another color.


I am 5'3 and weigh about 205 pounds, and big busted. I ordered a XL. I ordered the cream flowered print and it was very tight in the arms. I ordered the cream blue and fit great except I had to where a tank top underneath and unbutton a few of the top buttons.  Both dresses were long on me but I like that.


I liked the fit of the bodice and sleeves, but the full skirt combined with the handkerchief style, almost tea-length hem made the dress feel matronly to me. Someone with better fashion sense than me may be able to pull it off with some cute heels, but it didn't work for what I wanted it for.


I’m 5’2” , 170 lbs. 36DDD. I ordered the xl but it feels too tight in the arms. The rest of the dress is very lose. The bust area is perfect though. I still love the dress and I am ordering it in a different color with my size.


This was one of my favorite dress that I had ordered. the color was AWESOME and FEEL was even better. The look was AMAZING, unfortunately It was too long for me and I had to return it but I wish it was in my size I would have so kept it. I would recommend this to tall people. I'm 5'2" and it wasnt the best option for me.


I love this dress!  It took a good ironing when I took it out of the bag, and it fits perfectly for me.  The neckline is a tad bit lower than what I like, but a cami (I went with a navy blue one to tie in the color of the dress) works perfectly.  I ordered a small - I'm 5'8", 135 lbs, 34C.  I'll be wearing this dress a lot, and will most likely order another one in a different color.  I'm very happy - I feel very girly and feminine when wearing it.  Delivery was prompt and arrived even before the proposed delivery date.


This dress is somehow cuter in person. It's very flattering especially for someone like me who has a weird body type (kind of pear shaped but very bottom heavy with chunky arms). Once you button it up once, you never need to do it again because you can just kind of slip it on and off!


