Fit: I ended up sizing down one size.


Style: Very pretty and versatile. Could wear open with a camisole or buttoned up with a belt. The skirt has a slit in front half way up but the slit length can be adjusted by opening more buttons. Very light material.


Quality: Well made.


Have gotten so many compliments when wearing this dress! I'm about 5'3 and 125 pounds for reference and bought a medium. It did fit, but I believe I could've fit in a small too. I only took off one star because I wish the draw string around the waist band would allow you to tighten the dress around your waist instead of just being there for decoration. Also a word of advice, this item should be hand washed only! It shrinks way too easily


The dress itself was gorgeous fit perfectly on my lower half but the top half especially the arms were too tight :(. I would have loved to keep but I had to return. For reference I'm 5'8 220 lbs and I bought the xxl.


First of all, consider that you're getting what you pay for. The button loops are chintzy, and the "drawstring" does nothing. There were some excess thread spots. But this dress fit me well, and after a good steam looked nice with a belt. It's very comfy and flows. Great for a nursing mom with a recovering baby belly. It was exactly what I hoped.


The design of the dress and the feel gets 5 stars, however the size runs real small.


The dress I received was ripped in the back and it's hardly noticeable. So pay attention to the dresses you recieve.


I wish they had bigger size cause I really loved the dress and I would have ordered a new one.


Also I ordered 2xl.


And it felt like I ordered large or slightly extra large.


So be aware .


I love this dress. I got the red/turquoise one (which some may find to be a bit wild of a print, but I love it!) The colors are vibrant and lovely. The fit is nice. I'm 5'2 and weigh 135, so the medium was a good fit for me. It's ankle length. It's modest while still being pretty. You can unbutton some buttons if you want it to be a bit sexier. Very flowy and twirly. Whenever I wear it, I get a lot of compliments. And not just "Oh, you look nice today", but "Wow! You look awesome! What a beautiful dress!". Could be worn to a wedding or to the beach. I'm thinking of getting a few more prints, and with this price point, you can afford it! Definitely worth it in my opinion.


Pleasantly surprised! I'm a 44 DDD and this fit my chest well. I will say I don't wear a typical structured bra, I usually wear bralettes from Torrid (I'm a slave to comfort). That could have something to do with how it fit well in the chest, but overall love love love it. I wore it to a wedding reception and received many many compliments!


Not a fan. The dress is extremely see through and while it was tight in the chest area (34c) it was too big in the waist. I'm 5'2 and 155 lbs, somewhat athletic and pear shaped for reference.  The length was fine and I could even wear flats surprisingly. My biggest complaint though was that the dress I received had obviously been worn, was partially inside out and smelled strongly of perfume. Will be returning and do not recommend.


I bought this dress in the hopes of wearing it for my daughter's tea party. Sadly, I had to returned it because the string around the waist was unraveling and it was a bit too small for me around the arms. Besides that, this is an absolutely GORGEOUS dress! That's a big deal coming from someone who cannot stand floral patterns. It is flowy, elegant and very casually beautiful. I totally recommend this dress for someone with a smaller frame.


The print is so nice on the picture in the internet on the site, but the dress I received had the same print but in different areas of the dress which just was not as nice as what i saw.  Also this was ordered two sizes bigger than what I normally order due to the comments saying it runs small, but you have to really look at the sizing chart for the particular dress to get the right size.  I just returned it and ordered a different dress in a different print and I am excited to see what it looks like.  The dresses are made so very comfortable and I am sure when i get the right print for me and the right size I am going to love it!  Really great price.


