I absolutely ADORE this dress. It's gorgeous, fits perfectly and I will buy another. I really did not want to get out and shop after my dad recently passed but I knew I needed something tasteful and formal to wear while not feeling uncomfortable or having to think about it. It came quickly, packaged well and was a perfect fit. It saved me time and more importantly it allowed me have one less thing to worry about during such a heavy hard time. I highly recommend this dress.


I received my dress today, and I can't stress how happy I am with it. It's absolutely beautiful! Perfect fit, perfect length, and so comfortable and luxurious feeling! Honestly, all the negative reviews I've read here just make me realize how much people like to complain. For instance, saying the dress is wrinkled; for goodness sakes, you mail-ordered it; just iron it already! And complaining about the drawstring; cut it off if you don't like it! Dang ladies!


This dress is quite lovely. I bought it for a photoshoot, and it flows nicely. I do like the colors, looks great for the fall. I do find that the waist fits a little large for me. I am a petite frame, and thought I should order small for the length. It would be nice if the dress had a tieback attached to cinch in the waist for a better fit.


Originally bought the garden light green short sleeves dress, the dress pattern isn't as floral/ pretty as the model, so i returned it. Since I do like the cut and thin material, so i decide to try another pattern, Navy green long sleeves. Actual dress prettier than the picture, bust area is much lower in Long sleeve than short sleeve, just you know. Keep this long sleeve one. I normally wear Size L. XL works well there.


all these dresses are adorable..but this is the second one I have had to return because it came torn....now, I sew and would repair it myself if I could but  there isn't enough material to even mend it.. I have ordered a third because Amazon pays for all the postage...also, because of the over 3000 women who have bought these dresses only a  few have my  complaint.


The only thing that i dont like about this dress is the waist part of the dress hits right under my bust and does not hit at my waist i really wanted to like this dress but just doesnt look good on my body the fabric and prints are nice and good quality fabric i ordered the purple beige print and its beautiful  but just dont look good on my body.


I love this dress! I did however need to alter it. I usually wear small im 5'2" 120lbs. And realitivly small busted. I wish i would have ordered an extra small. I had to cut about 8" off the bottom and sew up the buttons so you couldn't see though them. The xs would probably make the elastic fit better around my waist and the neck line not as low. Aside from that I love the dress.


It's a thin fabric and the stitching isn't amazing, but it looks GREAT in photos. I got this for my engagement photos and because the fabric is lightweight, it flowed very well. I also really liked the navy floral pattern. The most obnoxious part is all the tiny buttons down the front. I recommend never unbuttoning it and just pulling off and on over your head.


This dress is absolutely gorgeous and flattering,  even on curver figures. I am 5'3 and 215lbs bought an xxl and it fits perfectly with some room to spare. The only problem I find with this dress is the sleeves are rather tight. (But I have abnormally large upper arms.) This dress is so adorable, that I do not mind the sleeves, and will be buying in another color!


My husband loved this dress on me, but I felt like it was just too long for me (and I dont feel like getting it hemmed). You do have to button up each little button (They go through a loop rather than a traditional slit-more like what you would see on a wedding dress or something, so a crochet needle may come in handy for this). I'm 5'2 129lbs and the medium fits me comfortably loose (I could get away with a small, but I like the looseness). Also, I couldnt tell this from the picture but the waist has that kind of elasticized ruching(?) that makes it stretchy.


