This dress is very comfortable, and I receive so many compliments when ever I wear it!! It can be dressed up for down too, which I love!


This dress is large around my waist (which isn’t noticeable in a picture as much because of the deep contrast of colors). I ordered a size M. If I were to size down, the seams of the waist would rise high on my chest. For that reason I would decide to keep the size I got. The length of this dress is nice, but a little longer in the back. When standing up, I step on the hem every single time, so just be aware of that too.


For reference, I am 145 lbs, 5’6” and wear a 32 DD.


Despite that it runs big on me, I love the colors of this dress as well as the flowy-ness of it when I walk. I feel beautiful but modest in it, which is hard to find sometimes!


I was nervous about ordering this item due to the fact that its probably from an overseas seller (even though it is available on Prime delivery), and Asian sizing is confusing to figure out.  But after reading a bunch of positive reviews and pictures from other sellers (so thankful for those), I made the plunge and ordered this dress anyways.


My size/Measurements:


Bust: 36inch


Waist: 27 inch


Hips: 36-37 inch


Height: 5'3"


Weight: 120 pounds


USA sizes that normally wear are: Small to medium for Teen sizings, and XS to Small for womens.


In Forever21 & Target brands clothings I am a small.


Originally I was going to order the Medium size because I was afraid that Asian sizings runs small.  The Medium was sold out so I ordered the small size instead.  And Thank Goodness I did not order the Medium. The small fits PERFECTLY!  I was pleasantly surprised that the dress was exactly as pictured on the model in the listing and the quality is very good.  Comparable to anything that I could buy at a department store in the USA.  The material is like a Rayon Polyester material...feels so good on the skin (soft, flowy, silky).  The dress was also well made.  I didn't want to take it off after trying it on...haahaa.  I am only 5'3" so there were extra materials on the bottom of the dress and with 3-4 inch heels, the dress hemline would barely touch the floor...so that's good!  If you are taller than 5'7" it may show your shoes if you are wearing heels, but it would still look good on you if you wear cute heels.  I'm so glad that I bought this dress...My most favorite thing that I have bought this year!


I'm currently 25 weeks pregnant; 155lbs; 36DD chest; 5'8". I bought this in a large and it fits well. I think I could have gone with a Medium because the top is a little bit flowy, but the elastic below the chest sits right where I need it too, so I don't know if a Medium would make that too short for my size chest. However, when I zoom in on the model, the fabric isn't supposed to be skin tight, so I'm pretty confident in the sizing for my body type. I'll be wearing it to a wedding when I'm 32 weeks pregnant and think it'll look great! The V-cut chest is a little revealing, but I don't feel the need for a cami. The length is perfect for my height and I love the black floral! It will need a bit of steam pressing, but that's fine.


This was a really flowy and light dress that was fun to dress up. The cinch isn't flattering on me since i'm more hourglass so I added a belt. I also found the neckline to be boring so I hemmed it to be a deep V. Other than that, it's sturdy and good quality. The buttons end pretty high up (above the knee) so expect to show some leg when the wind blows.


White_Blue (3 STARS) - This is a nice dress and I love the flowy feel, but the colors are no where close or as vivid as pictured for the white_blue which is why I ordered the dress.  I ordered two of these exact same color in an XL and one of them fit like an XL while the other fit more like a 2XL. The quality control of all of these dresses seem to be hit or miss. The dress I am keeping that fit better is pretty, but as I said the colors are not as vivid and there is not much blue on the pattern cut that was used to construct the dress.  The same with the one I am returning.  I am 5' 7", 175lbs, 36D and normally where a size 14 or L or XL. One tip - I have purchased several different colors/sleeve styles and if you are bigger in the bust, it may not fit well in my opinion. - also ordered this one and amazon was the fulfillment and they sent an entirely wrong dress with a pattern that is not even a pattern offered for this dress so I had to return it and had to pay for shipping to get another one in time.


**** OTHER COLORY/STYLE REVIEWS UPDATE - it only lets me add to the review for this color***


XXL Pink (4 STARS) - This is a nice dress and I love the flowy feel, but the colors on the XXL Pink dress I received is not as vivid as pictured for the Pink. The buttons on the one I received are pearled white and different than pictured but it looks very nice and I like them better than the brown buttons. The one I received is a good length for me and the front hits at the ankle, but is the length of what is described more for an XL and hits the floor on the sides. It is a little big on the top for me (I ordered according to measurements in description)


Pink XL - (2 STARS) - After seeing it was a bit large, I decided to order the Pink in an XL when it came back in stock. Actually I have ordered the Pink XL twice. The color of both Pink XLs I have received is more vivid and prettier than the Pink XXL and the buttons are the same as pictured plus you get 2 extra buttons, however the top fits perfectly and the dress overall is made better than the XXL I received, but the bottom skirt is VERY SHORT, about 4-5 inches shorter than the length given in the description/photos and the other dresses I have purchased in different color/patterns. Both XL hit me at mid to lower calf and more tea length. The quality control of all of these dresses seems to be hit or miss. So I have returned both the XL and very disappointed as I want this dress to fit like the top of the XL, but want a LONG dress. The short skirt looks horrible. I am 5' 7", 175lbs, 36D and normally where a size 14 or L or XL.


Red_White XL (5 STARS) I purchased the same dress (short sleeve) in Red_White XL and it fits perfectly and the length is perfect as described. It is even a little longer than the Pink XXL I received.  The Red one fits the best of all and is my personal favorite and I received TONS of compliments wearing this dress! The red/white has some grey color in the floral design fyi.


Beige_Yellow (5 STARS)I have also purchased the Beige_Yellow in XXL (5STARS) which was the first dress/style I ordered and XL(5 STARS) (both very beautiful, but material pattern/coloring is different between the two sizes with the XXL color/pattern more like that of what is pictured and that coloring pattern is my favorite) The fit of the XL was the best and the length of both were nice. I received lots of compliments when I wore the XXL for Easter.


I ordered the Blue_White (twice)(3 STARS) in XL and coloring is not even close to the pictured - and the fit is looser at the top for the XL half sleeve than the XL short sleeve. One of the Blue_White XL’s was huge and fit like an XXL or larger so it went back. There is not much blue in the dress/pattern and color looks nothing like what is pictured, which the color is the reason I ordered the dress in that color/pattern.


 Overall I love this style of dress on me if the length and fit is correct. XL fit the best at the top on me.  One tip - I have purchased several different colors/sleeve styles and if you are bigger in the bust, it may not fit well in my opinion. Also one of the pink dresses came with a hole in it around the elastic waist band which was easily fixed by a seamstress, but the item should not have arrived damaged. The only reason I fixed it was the day it arrived I was going to just re-order another one, but there was none in stock until recently. Price point for the quality of the dress is a little more than I think it should be but that is my opinion. I hope my review helps.


I purchased a medium (I'm 5'0"/120 pounds) and it fits nearly perfectly. It hits the floor but with wedges on, it is the perfect length. This dress is very feminine and the skirt is flowy. The elastic just below my bustline (36C) is not bothersome or tight. I think overtime it will lose elasticity. This dress breathes, and is very comfortable. I have the black_green color but am thinking of buying this in more colors. It is a great summer or vacation dress. You can go casual or dress it up to even wear at a wedding. Worth the $30 for sure. You will need to air it out or dry clean it as it arrives a bit wrinkled, but other than that, I really love this dress.


I'm a size 8 to 10, 5'3" and the medium fit me,  although it is very tight in the arms. Because of my pear shape,  medium a-line dresses often fit me.  I'm trying to lose a few pounds to get to a 6,  so if I succeed,  it should be looser in the arms,  which is why I ordered the medium to begin with. If you have thicker upper arms and are a 10+, then try a large first. The length was fine for me and I wore chunky-heeled booties with it. Also,  if you have a bigger busy,  get a large.  I'm a 36b and it "just" fit.


The dress is very flowy, flattering, and forgiving if you have a little extra in the booty, thighs and stomach, and despite my imperfections, I got compliments on it right away. The button closures are elastic, and run a good enough length down the front, but I still wore the dress with leggings underneath.  The dress had these adorable tassels on drawcords just for show at the waist,  they don't actually cinch the waist.  But the waist gives you a cinched look on is own anyway.


Overall,  the dress is very romantic and flowy and makes me feel fabulous.  Women turned to look at it wherever i went. Great spring, summer,  and fall dress.  Maybe winter too with warm layers underneath.  This dress is pretty enough for a date, an event, to go out and about and turn heads, and depending on the style you choose,  is still conservative enough to wear to a place that requires more modesty,  like visiting a church, synagogue or temple, just add a tank underneath and leggings as needed.


This dress is the best thing I've ever bought myself, it is comfy, flows, flattering for ANY body shape, and great qtuality. I want one in every color!! I LOVE THIS DRESS!!!!! I'm 5'6" 150 lbs and I got a Large, it fits perfect, shows a little cleavage but not too much, just enough. It falls right above my feet so you can see my sandals but it has a skimming the floor effect without actually touching it. I recommend a slip underneath because of the buttons. If you're on the verge of buying it, DO IT!!! You will not regret it!! I'm super picky too BTW...I'm beyond happy with this purchase!!!!


I bought the red and the white/green in XXL and it fit exactly as the size chart by the seller below.


XXL: Shoulder:15.8" Bust:39.3" Waist:30.7" Length:55.5" Sleeve Length:9.4"


For reference, I am 5'7", 155 lbs and busty at a 34H. (40")  If you are too, ignore the people telling you it fits large, you'll need the bust room.


The quality is good, not great, but it looks lovely on. It came with the little elastic button hooks undone, so that was a bit of a pain, but I have a button hook, so I didn't mind too much.  The red/white is good enough that I wore it without any slip, although I may wear something with the white/green, only because I live in KS and well... wind!  The skirt is lovely and flowy, and I got immediate compliments in it. The fabric isn't stiff, it appears to be a rayon blend, so I will be careful with laundering it.. no high temps.


If this review is helpful, please click for me, thank you!


I bought this dress for an engagement party, and tried it on the moment it got to my house. The fit is AMAZING. The waistline hits just right, and (probably because I'm 5'4) the dress falls about two inches above my toes in the front and all the way to the floor in the back. Which is what I figured it would do after reading other reviews, and also the look I wanted. Not disappointed!


I'm usually in the size Large range (34E, broad shoulders), and when I ordered a Large my main worry was that it wouldn't fit the shoulders and chest area, BUT it's perfect. Large feels comfortable while fitted. Couldn't do a medium, and an XL would more than likely fit pretty well, although probably a little lose in the shoulders.


There's a lot of material, so while standing still you can't see the gap in the front - it really only shows up while I'm walking. It feels modest, but still hugs in the right places and doesn't hide my figure.


The material is pretty thin but doesn't look cheap. I'm wearing a thin layer under it because the party is outside in the afternoon. And it's thin enough I'll probably always wear another layer.


The ONLY reason I gave 4 and not 5 stars is because it arrived with one 2-inch gap in one of the side seams. It's not a deal breaker for me because (thank God for grandmothers) I know how to fix it easily, but I'd weigh it as a possibility before ordering this dress.


It really is gorgeous! Makes this momma of four feel beautiful :)


