I was going to get it in a large, but they didn't have the color I wanted so I decided to try a medium. It turned out perfectly fits great.


I love this dress!  Very cute and flowy perfect for the summeror spring.  And best of all, it's not see through!! I decided to sew the middle split down all the way to make it a closed maxi dress and it looks perfect!


This dress is so comfortable and a perfect fit. I received so many compliments. It flows beautifully when you walk. Planning to buy a couple more. I’m 5’4, usually wear and 8/10 and a medium in shirts, and purchased the medium in this dress.


The dresses are as expected as far as looks, but the sizes are smaller than with other regular brands. I recommend to order at least 2 sizes over normal size. Also, get your iron out, the dresses were all full of wrinkles.


Hi absolutely loved this dress. It is light, soft and I lobe the way it flows. I ordered a large as I am 160 and 5'3. Would definitely recommend for purchase!


The dress itself is beautiful, kinda see through but not that bad, the thing is in the arms it runs small, I know my arms are chubby, but everything is proportionally even, and the sleeves are very tight, I hope I don't ripped it when I wear it


Totally sheer - you can see everything underneath. Pattern is classy but material is flimsy. Ok if you’re willing to wear a slip


Great dress although I'll have to hem it since it drags the floor.  I was hoping it would shrink when I washed it but it did not - which is normally a good thing.  I'm 5'3" and it might be ok with really high heels but I'd rather do some sewing.


I am very happy with this dress. The colors are beautiful and true to the picture online. The dress fits great! Fabric is on the thinner side but not see through and good quality. I would highly recommend.


I was so excited for this dress to come so I could wear it on vacation. I tried it on and it fit well. Washed it and packed it..... and when I put it on expecting to look adorable all day at my beach resort, the back seam promptly split. What!! All that excitement and for shoddy craftsmanship.


