I love this dress - Very flowy and pretty. I am size 12 (almost 14), 5'9'' and ordered the XL. It is roomy enough to be comfortable and skims the ground on me. My only complaint is that the elastic hooks around the buttons tend to come un-done, so I will have to stitch them each to make them tighter, but otherwise a fantastic buy.


Loved this dress! It was perfect and flows for a photo-shoot I did with my husband. 10/10 would recommend. I'm 5'4 and sit around 190 - and ordered a size up like others suggested and I really could have just gotten my normal size - L. Either way, it's wonderful!


Somewhat small in the bust area (I am a 36DD). I ordered a large, everything else fit fine, just the top is a little small (but you can't really tell because of the flowiness of the dress). I have a couple of these dresses in different colors. I love them! They are so comfortable.


It's an affordable dress, that can fit a lot of body types. I have broad shoulders, and a smaller waist in comparison. Jackets don't usually fit me well, being too tight along my shoulders and too large in the waist. This dress had a pretty good fit. The only reason there's 4stars I stead of 5, is because there were loose strings EVERYWHERE. Every button and seam has a string hanging from it that I'll have to cut with a pair of scissors with, so the whole thing doesn't fall apart. But its an inexpensive dress.. I guess you get what you pay for!


This dress is BEAUTIFUL!!! In fact, I have now bought 5 of these (in different colors). I hardly ever do reviews, but this dress deserves a great one- especially because the previous reviews helped me to buy it! I am 5’ 7”, usually a size 10 (right now), 36DD, and this dress fit like a glove. I've bought a size L in each style, all of which have fit well. My favorite part is that they are so beautiful and feminine while also being SO INCREDIBLY COMFORTABLE!!! Can't tell you how much I love these!! Well done, Milumia!


LOVED this dress! I didn't think I'd love it this much. I was very unsure if I should take the risk and order it but I'm glad I did.


It's beautiful in person and fits great. I'm 5"1 and it wasn't dragging on the floor.


The print is nice. It's comfortable and it's not see through in the color I ordered like other reviews said.


I received the navy blue with the white and pink flowers really nice. I ordered xxL and it fits perfect I normally wear a 12-14  I am 5'4 168 lb


Love the print and style. The material is very prone to wrinkle and hard to get it unwrinkled and I'm afraid robotic 100% rayon.


I never write reviews (mostly because I forget) but this dress is so amazing, I felt I should!  I ordered the black longer sleeved version and it’s so pretty, the colors are vibrant. Fit is nice.  I got tons of compliments on the dress and I ended up ordering the light green short sleeve version as well. If I had to nitpick, I’d say the hem isn’t as finished as a more expensive dress, it’s just the raw edge with the sewing on it so it doesn’t fray instead of being truly hemmed.  The fabric is thin, but I’m old school and wear slips.  I’m probably going to buy another one or two of them in different colors!


Thin material, which makes it perfect for summer. Definitely would suggest a light slip underneath. Not a 'quality' material, per se, but it feels as you'd expect. I used a steamer to get out the wrinkles, which worked great!  Bought it for a wedding, and it is exactly what I had pictured in my head! Flowy and flattering and flexible. Super comfortable fit and just the right length. I'm 5' 5" and weigh about 140 lbs. I don't usually review items, but I read so many reviews to see if this was something worth purchasing and I wanted to leave a review for others for that reason. Definitely recommend!


