I just wore this to my best friend's wedding and received TONS of compliments! The dress photographs really well and looks great in person. It is loose as what I thought was a drawstring around the waist is actually just a stationary string, so that was disappointing.... but I still love the dress nonetheless and am even likely purchasing another in a different pattern!


Beautiful, beautiful dress! Looks exactly as pictured.  Material is very soft and flowy. Wrinkles easily though--wash it, dry it and then hang it immediately.  No wrinkles:). Fit was great. Teensy bit on the long side for me, but not enough to need hemming. For reference i am 5'0 and 105 pounds. I ordered the small. Could have gone down to the XS but it was out of stock.  LOVE, love, love this dress.


I love this dress. I get so many compliments every time I wear it and both of my younger sisters ordered it too after seeing it on me (they got different patterns though). The fit is perfect for us, as it's very flattering and it's not too tight or loose anywhere. It is a long dress though and I'm not sure anyone under 5'5" would want to wear it without heels or before altering it (I'm 5'7", so the length is perfect).


In my opinion, it  does not appear to be cheaply made nor of poor quality material. The fabric is very lightweight, but it is supposed to be. I usually just wear nude-colored undergarments to ensure its not see-through. I also do not understand what the long ties are for, but that's hardly a reason to remove a star.


Also for comparison, I purchased a small and am 117lbs, 5'7", and my measurements are :32(b), 25, 34 .


I think that the dress probably just flatters certain body types more, as I did not see many reviewers who ordered a small or medium have trouble with size and/or fit. I would say that if my chest/bust were much bigger, it might be a little snug... but at the same time, I've experienced many clothing items where that was a much bigger problem (and my chest is small) so it should kinda be expected that if your chest is on the lager side, your buttons might gape ,like a lot of other button-ups.


Wore this dress for my maternity photos and ordered a size up. The large was still a little too big for my chest area, but I still am a huge fan of it. It's so lightweight and soft. The buttons and tassels down the front give it a great feminine look. It's a gorgeous dress.


The top of the dress fits funny --- it's a little "short", so that the elasticized portion is a bit too high (a very high empire waist) -- maybe if someone has a smaller chest, the dress would fit better.  I had to take it to the tailor and have better elastic sewn on, too, since the elastic waist is huge and loose.  I paired it with an elastic belt I bought on Amazon, and I've received lots of compliments on it.  I wore it as a "casual day" dress over Father's Day weekend, and it's great for just running around town or to the beach.


My friend bought this as a maternity dress… And everybody loved it so of course I had to order one too. This is seriously the nicest dress… Especially for the price… It fits perfectly and it runs true to size. I got it in a size small. This is actually the second pattern in this style that I have purchased;  I loved it so much I just had to have another!


Love the pattern but it was a bit much as a long dress and as others mention, the split comes up quite high if you have long legs. It would have been unsuitable for work. I kept it because it was a good price and I love the pattern and colors, but I cut  the dress to made a top that comes halfway down the hip and a wrap skirt. The skirt comes onto the knee, so I took some of the intervening material that was left over to make the tie for the wrap around skirt. I feel it looks better shorter. By using the bottom part as the skirt I kept maximum amount of flowy material. Now I have a top and skirt that I can wear separately or together. Everyone I meet loves the pattern which is indeed vey pretty. The cloth is thin and tends to fray when cut, so it is not super easy to work with. But in the end, worth my trouble.


Wore this dress for the first time around town on Saturday and was literally stopped every 30 minutes by someone telling me how beautiful it was.  I got the white with the red floral print.  Very comfortable.  I'm 5'9" and the length was perfect.  I sized up to an XL, even though I normally wear an L, based on the reviews and the size charts.  I feel like I could maybe have gotten away with a large, but think that the front slit may have come up too high and the bust may have been too small.  Either way, it's a comfortable and cute summer dress that can probably transition easily into fall!


This dress! So if you can get the sizing right, this sweet thing is super cute and fun to wear. I'm about 5'4", 145lbs, with a 27" waist. I wear a size 6 and 34D. I ordered  a medium and it was really long, the waist was too loose, and the front sank down way too low. I tried again and ordered a small and it fits perfectly! The waist fits great, length is great with heels or a bit of hemming, and the front of the dress doesn't show too much cleavage. There is a slit that comes up to my knees but isn't too much for a modest setting I think! The seams are sewn sort of sloppy so there are some hanging threads and loose seams but hey, it's a $30 dress! If you intend to wear it for an event like a wedding or shower I say go for it!


It's a beautiful dress, BUT for me didn't fit right. Here is why and I hope this helps - I ordered an XL, I am 5'6.5", 198 lbs (just got back under 200!) and wear a 36DD. It was too small for my boobs, a little too loose in the waist and fit perfectly in my arms. I'd exchange for XXL but I'm thinking it will just end up being too big in the waist and I'll look very boxy or pregnant even. It's not obscene on my boobs, it actually fits, but their size brings the elastic waist up too much. If I raise my arms it comes up over the bottom of my boobs. Will probably return :( unless my boyfriend says he likes it!


