Beautiful dress. I am normally a med/large and per review suggestions I purchased an XL. It is way too big but wearable and it is so pretty. I will be buying more of these in a smaller size. Quality seems good, the fabric is soft and flowy, I'm petite so it is too long but will have it hemmed.


I'm a size 18-20 and this dress fits perfectly. The button loops can be a little annoying but they add a little flex to the dress. I get compliments from total strangers every single time I wear this


The dress and material are absolutely beautiful.  I ordered an XL.  I am 5'3" and 170.  I usually wear a 14.  I have a 40D breast size.  I ordered the XL so the buttons wouldn't pull apart in the front.  Although it fit well in the chest, it was large in the shoulders and body.  Unfortunately, I have to return it.


I love this style but it was a little too big/loose in the torso for my taste. I'm 5'8 and 150 lbs and I ordered a medium. It's very comfortable and casual, yet chic. I made it work and it still looks great even though it's a little big. The buttons take forever, though.


I ALWAYS get compliments on this dress. I wear it with cowboy boots and sometimes a fitted jean jacket. I am normally a size 14 and this, in XL, fit pretty darn good. A tiny bit snug in the arms, but other than that... perfect. I am buying it in another print because I love it so much.


I bought this dress to wear over my bathing suit ...it is so beautiful I have to rethink its use. I'm thinking it would be best for an afternoon lunch with strappy sandals. The fit is great I wear a 12 in dresses and I ordered this dress in a large...I'm 5'3" 160 pounds with a 34DD chest...this dress has the elastic under the bust not the waist...its an empire....and it hits my ankles...


I usually wear a size 12-14 and ordered a large. I'm also 5'9. I found this to be too big in stomach area and too short. I sent it back.


I am 5'2, 140 lbs , 38c and ordered a medium. The dress fit perfect! I can even wear it with flats and the dress is just the right length to where it would not drag on the floor too much. The material is comfortable and the pictures posted on some of the reviews do it justice. I just placed my second order for another color!


This dress exceeded my expectations. I was worried that it would look cheap and fit to loose or to long, but that is not the case. A size small fit perfectly on me, I'm 5'5" and about 104lbs. The material seems to be of decent quality and is very flowy and soft. I will be purchasing another print or two in this dress.


I am a big fan of floral maxi dresses so I was excited to order these. I actually got two. The blue dress and the red and white one. The quality is alright, can definitely tell they are mass produced but the patterns and fabric are beautiful... this makes up for the quality because you can't really get dresses like this in the US without paying lots of $$. One BIG WARNING- if you get the red and white dress be careful how you wash it. Mine bled into the white flowers☹️ I recommend buying if you are looking for a beauty one season dress!


