Perfect fit


Love it!!


It fit horrible


I liked the "flowy" feel of this dress and the buttons down the front (but not all the way to the bottom) are fun as well. It fit as expected and the colors are accurate in the picture. I look forward to wearing it out in the summer months.


Life is short, buy the dress. I am usually disappointed when I buy clothes online but this dress is legit. I have never gotten this many compliments on anything I have ever worn. It almost became a distraction at work lol. FYI I am 5'5 120lbs 34C and bought the small. It fits perfectly. This dress is so amazing I want to be buried in it. Buy the damn dress. It will make you feel like some kind of flower child princess.


Let's start with the sizing. Runs small, maybe 2 sizes small. I ordered an xxl and I'm a size 14 with a large chest, the fit is perfect. I can button it with no gaping or pulling in the chest, and the waist is fitted with nice elastic. Adorable, so flattering buy this! I've ordered a few more colors now. Will be cute in the fall partially unbuttoned over jeans and in the winter over leggings.


I love this dress!  I have gotten so many compliments on it!  People cannot believe I ordered it online.  I read all the reviews on this dress, looked at any pictures, read what the reviews said about their height and weight and the size they ordered.  I am 5'2 and normally wear a US 6 to an 8.  This dress comes down to my feet perfectly with a pair of flat sandals.  It is a little low cut but I just put on those stretchy, lacy bralettes in white to match the buttons and it was perfect!  The dress is very elegant on.  I will order again!  The material is soft and cool, easy to wear.  The upper buttons were lined with a piece of material behind them so no gabbing.  The seams and stitches are well made.


Pretty dress. I usually wear a Petite L in other brands, I'm 5'2" and the the L fit me just right. I agree with the other reviewers that the cord is rather pointless since it is neither functional nor pretty. The print looks smaller and paler in the online pics (I ordered yellow and pink) than in reality. Also the placement of the print is not consistent on both sides, compared to the online pic, which is unflattering.


This dress fit great with the exception of being about 5-6 inches too long.  Im 5'4", and it was wayyyyyy long, but since my friend has a serger, we just cut off the length and then serged it.  Now its good to go!  Its a pretty dress with a nice weight to it...i look forward to wearing it :)


If giving zero stars was an option, I would give zero stars. The dress looks ABSOLUTELY NOTHING like the picture. I am completely shocked and very disappointed. Waste of money.


