This dress is incredible! It's soft, it moves beautifully, and I look and feel amazing wearing it! I did decide to wear spanx underneath because it is rather sheer, and I still haven't lost all my baby-weight so I can use the help. If you're considering this dress, get it! I ordered one for my friend too. She completely fell in love with it and it fits her well too. Wore it for pictures this year and so happy I did. (I'm 5'5" and 155lbs, wearing a Medium)


Beautiful dress! The first time I bought it there was a hole in the sleeve, so I returned it and repurchased the same thing. This is the second one and there is a hole in the same place and in another place. I wish it wasn't so cheaply made. I would order the dress in several


Colors! I want to try a different color but nervous about wasting my time and money. I have given them a two for the style and the ease of return. But disappointed in the quality of the product.


I wanted so badly to love this dress. It fit well, the sleeves were a tad tight. There is no give at all with it being all cotton. The pattern is nice, but it's lacking the awe and excitement. It could be so much more, but falls short of being fabulous. It's missing that "it" factor that makes you fall in love with a dress and want to wear it always. Plus, honestly it's a bit frumpy. As much as you may want to think a long (albeit oddly not as long as expected) flowing dress is flatttering, without added structure it turns into a glorified mumu. Sorry, but it true.


I loooove this dress. I'm only giving 4 stars because the waist of the dress sits across the lower part of the bust for me, but keep in mind I'm a 30G so even just having a dress that fits so well in the arms and still fits around my bust is a pretty tall order, normally a dress that fits around my bust is way too loose in the arms/shoulders. This dress fits very nicely although I have to wear a belt to cinch it in around the waist because I had to order a larger size to fit on top. This dress is stretchy and so soft and comfortable. I would recommend this dress to pretty much anyone I know. It's so comfy and still looks very stylish. It's beautiful.


At first I LOVED this dress. Seriously, it is a COMPLIMENT magnet like nothing you've ever seen. In fact, you'll want to wear it every single day. They I noticed that washing it sort of stretched the material (even on a delicate cycle.) Then one time I was out on my 5th or 6th wear and the drawstrings on the waist randomly fell off. It's odd because at first I thought it wouldn't matter but those strings apparently make or break the fit and look of the dress.


This dress is super cute! I'm 5'7" and was concerned with length but even with 3 inch heels it was plenty long enough! Wore it to a wedding and received lots of compliments! For reference, I'm 135 lbs and got a small. Was a little roomy but so comfy!


This dress is beautiful and super flattering! I ordered the beige and a slip, or at least nude undergarments, will most likely be required. It also seems like it will wrinkle easily as it came with a ton of wrinkles... but nothing a steamer can’t handle. I ordered a size up from my usual and it fits perfectly. Giving 4 stars instead of five because there are two more button loops than there are buttons... but I can either cut them off or sew on the two spare buttons that came with it, so it’s not a big deal.


The dress is nice and the fit I was pleasantly surprised. I wear a size 20 and was worried with this having buttons that if I sat down they would pop open. But it's comfy and fits well, except the bust. If you wear DDD's like me the elastic that's supposed to go under the bust will sit on the bust instead.


I am 5'4'' 120lbs and small chested and the XS (quarter sleave sizing) fit me well. A bit longer than I expected but it doesn't touch the ground unless I slouch. One thing that kinda annoyed me was that the picture misrepresented the print of the navy/ green dress. There are these huge plumes of PINK flowers that I don't really like (they look more off-white in the pictures they provided and the pictures i put also don't show the true pink color). This makes the print look more cluttered and less sophisticated than shown :/ Also these pink flowers are heavily concentrated on one side of the dress and that bothers me and my OCD. the "waist" is also quite high so it doesn't accecuate my shape very well. Alas, for the price I am willing to forgive these things. Most people probably don't notice the little quirks if this dress unless they examine it as closely ad I have. The dress s very lightweight and breezy with plenty of fabric so from a distance it doesn't look cheap!


This dress is beautiful and flowy and is very feminine and flattering. I loved it so much I tried it on as soon as I got it in the mail. I can't wait to wear it!


I usually wear a size 12 or 14 in dresses and ordered a size L. It fit perfectly.


I haven't washed it yet but I will update my review when i do


