I got this to wear to a wedding. Really pretty dress, pattern is reminiscent of Victorian botanical prints, and the fabric is silky soft and comfortable. I get lots of compliments, even from strangers on the street. But the light colored backgrounds are fairly sheer, and the v-neck is fairly deep (though respectable!) and the slit in front comes up above the knee, so you'll need a mid-thigh, deep scoop or v-neck slip, in white or nude tone. This dress has a comfortable not-too-tight elastic empire waist, though I wore it with a wide leather belt for contrast and to match my heels. But it's not for extra large-busted (D+) ladies. I'm 5'7", usually wear a size 10, and found a medium a good fit. As an athlete with muscular biceps, the sleeves were a little tight. I ordered a large as well, hoping it would fit my arms better, but it was only bigger around the torso. I'm keeping both though, because I really loved this dress.


I purchased this dress in the 3/4 sleeves length in Large in two different colors - White background and yellow/beige background. I normally wear a 12-14 dress or pants. I liked the white floral dress better, but the sleeves were very tight on my upper arms. The yellow/beige dress fit better in the arms (even though it was same size), but I did not like it as much on me. Also, I am 5”4 and the dress dragged on the floor with 1” wedge heels. I am pretty sure I will have to hem it. I am re-ordering the white in XL. As others have stated, it is a very comfortable, fun dress and the rayon fabric drapes very nicely. It gives you a good feeling, too, when wearing it. Rayon usually shrinks - confirmed by one reviewer who stated it shrunk a little when she washed in cold water. I think size XL will be a better choice. I also ordered two other colors just to see how they look.


If you do not have bigger-than average arms, your regular size may work, but be sure to scroll down and check the measurements listed for both styles. I missed them with my first order.


UPDATE:  The XL fit better in the arms and shoulders.  There was very little difference elsewhere between L and XL except a slightly deeper V neck, but I had planned on wearing a camisole anyway. I will definitely have to hem it.


This is the first review I have ever written. I like this dress so much that I had to give some feedback:


I wore this to my cousin's wedding in Mexico and it was fantastic! I am 5' 1" and about 140 lbs. I look fabulous in this and I got so many compliments. It is comfortable, light-weight, and not too long. If I can find a maxi dress that I don't have to wear gigantic heels in, I consider it a miracle. I did have a little trouble with the crochet back getting caught on my bra strap, but other than that, it is pretty great!


I love this dress. However the arms fit too snug. The rest of the dress was almost perfect, little tight in the bust as well. I am actually letting the sleeves out a bit so I can wear it. I was really unsure on the sizing before purchasing so hopefully this will help those with questions about fit. I ordered the XL, I am 5' and curvy, 38 DDD, I have a large bottom..lol. It's a little long, but if you wear heels, it's a decent length.  The only thing that I would worry about before ordering is arm and breast size. I would and did order the XXL  in the mint green color, it was a good fit, but very long. If you are busty and curvy, I would order a size up. Hope this helps!


Let me start by saying this dress is ADORABLE. I get tons of compliments every time I wear it! It fits pretty well, I would say order true to size or even a size down. I’m 5’5, 120 lbs and the small fit perfect except being a little big in the waist, though it isn’t super noticeable. I was really skeptical when I ordered this, I’m generally very brand/retailer picky about my clothes and have never ordered clothing from brands I am unfamiliar with off Amazon. I took my chances on this and it totally paid off. I really wish I could give it 5 stars, it’s cuteness is definitely 5 star worthy, but I had to knock it down one because of quality (which really isn’t that surprising given price). When i received it, the stitching was not done terribly well so edges that had been surged had surged stitching sticking out, which I had to cut off before wearing. One other thing that I didn’t realize when I ordered it is that the waist area is a stretchy elastic material that I often affiliate with cheaper clothing. I’m not wild about it but the dress is still cute and I won’t count it against my rating of the dress because it isn’t a problem, it’s simply a matter of taste preference. I have washed it once thus far and have worn it for a few times, holding up well so far.


I got the dress, researched how to care for it...hand wash hang to dry to prevent shrinkage. It fit well. I normally wear a size 8, am 5' 3" tall, 145 pounds & busty 36DD, it was snug around the bust, not tight after I washed it. It's low cut,..wear a camisole with it. It is long, all the way to the floor flat footed. I wear 3" heels with it & it is a good length. I cut it off & hemmed it. BONUS: Husband loves it! I love the colors & it is not too tight in the arms. FULL skirt, flows nicely. The hem is the only reason I did not give it 5 stars, it is not hemmed, just over-lock stitched (but if you look closely, the photos show that) & is longer on one side by a couple of inches. Over all a great dress


It is a beautiful pattern and fits me great, although I ordered a size up based on other reviews. The material is thin but not see through, which is great for warm weather. The downside was two buttons fell off immediately out of the box! It is basically held closed with buttons (there is no liner underneath) so unless you wear a bodysuit, you may be risking a risqué surprise of the buttons come undone (or fall off, like mine did).  It also is cut higher than I would have liked in the front (I am 5'10 and it shows up to mid thigh if my leg sticks out)


This is such an incredibly beautiful dress. If possible, I will post a pic later, but I just received it in the mail, tried it on immediately, and couldn't wait to say how pleased I am with it. If all of this designer's clothes are as awesome, I will definitely be ordering more. I am 5'6, approximately 180 lbs. I wear size 12 bottoms and XL tops. I typically order XL or 2X in order to accommodate my broad shoulders and 38DDD boobs when ordering from unknown designers, so I ordered 2X in this dress - still expecting it to be a little snug in the bust or arms, but amazingly, it isn't. It is a perfect fit! Even the length of the dress is perfect making it possible to look great with either flats or heels. I am truly happy with this dress because it even looks great from the back, where it flows over my 43" hips with grace and class. The fabric is soft and comfortable and the dress can be either casual or dressy. Honestly, this is a great dress at a great price and the floral print is heavenly!


I gave this 4 stars because I was a little disappointed with the orange dress.  When I looked at the picture and ordered it I thought it was just orange.  What I didn't see was the darker/alternating color in the dress is blue!  It looks ok I guess, but I would have reconsidered it if I had known that.  Now that I look closer at the picture I can see it barely.  I guess I would suggest to anyone interested in any of these dresses to pay VERY CLOSE ATTENTION TO THE DETAILS!


LOVE this dress. I'd wear it everyday if I could. Very chic and comfortable and it photographs well!


