This dress is okay. Definitely looks and feels on the cheaper side. I ultimately returned it because the fit was just off on me- the waist line is more empire, which I cannot stand. I'm a little over 5'7", 36A, broad shoulders. The Large fit me best.


I really like this dress except that the waist for some reason felt large and did not hang right for me.  Print is interesting and crochet detail on upper back is nice detail


I Loved this dress! The skirt is so flowy and feminine its a perfect spring dress. My only complaint is that the waist is a bit high, rather than sitting at my natural waist it was all the way up under my boobs, more like an empire waist. Still lovely, the pattern is beautiful and I got a lot of compliments on it.


The first day I wore this dress i got 7 comments. SEVEN!! it's super comfortable, great construction, I love the buttons. The ONLY negative thing I have to say is that they sent me the wrong size. I loved it so much that I just ordered the right size and kept them both. ha. Gorgeous dress.


Beautiful dress and very soft material. The only thing wrong are two things it comes stuffed in a bag and is very wrinkled and the tie in the front was only half there, so I just cut it off. It is only a thick string anyway, but would be much nicer if it was a real ribbon.


As soon as I put this on I was in love. It's comfortable, flattering, flowy- fits a little big but I did that on purpose not knowing what size to get as my arms and hips are a bit on the large side. I would go for a large next time instead of the XL I ordered (I'm a 12-16 dress/pants size). I gave it four stars because the material is quite thin (okay for summer, but just be aware- you can see through it a bit but the designs help hide it) and I ended up tearing a hole in the armpit of a sleeve when taking it off :( I can probably fix it easily with a small sewing job but it's disappointing, nonetheless. Still, recommend as a late spring/summer dress!


I'm 5'5, 120 pounds, with a 35" bust, 25" waist, and 35.5" hips. I bought a small in the 3/4 sleeved black/green color. The dress just about hits the floor. The dress fits me like it fits on the model. I love it!! I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because one side of the dress has more flowers than the other side. It's rather noticable.


Simply waw...I m 5'3 comes ,ordered Medium , it's is so perfect... gorgeous...u can wear it with 2 inch heels but more Than that...just love the flow of the dress....


This dress is absolutely beautiful. However it does run small, especially through the bust and sleeves. I ordered a L, since normally I wear a 14-6. Although I could wear the dress, the sleeves were uncomfortably tight. I returned it and ordered an XXL. I fits fine. Dress is also very long on a shortie like me-- if you can hem, it is no problem.


I'm a size 16, ordered the XXL. Sleeves are so tight, I can barely move my arms. There is an elastic waist meant to sit at, well, the waist; it ends up over my boobs. The fabric is also contricting, with no stretch, so I can't get away with it being smaller. Pretty disappointed, as I had heard great things about this dress on Buzzfeed and other internet sites. I would not recommned.


