I was choosing between a few dresses to wear to an event and ultimately chose another dress.  This is a wrap style dress and the fit is a bit large.  In person it is very pretty, however.


If you have fat arms order up. Waist runs large,  but i have a very small natural waist.  I ordered up because of my arms.  Will have to take in the waist.


I was admittedly nervous about buying this, seeing that the cons of buying clothes online scared me (along with general negative reviews about it), but this dress fits me. IT FITS ME. I'm a medium and it was true to size. So comfortable and the pattern of the fabric is GORGEOUS. A very high quality dress. I think I'll buy more from Milumia.


I really love this dress! I am 5'2, 135 lbs with a 36 D chest and the small fit perfectly. It just hits the ground which is fine for the beach with flip flops or could be dressed up with wedges and is long enough to look great. The material is very pretty and flowy.  May need a slip, depending on how you decide to wear it. I'll be wearing it in Mexico and think I can get away without :)


I get a ton of complements in this outfit.  I have medium size arms and the sleeves fit snug but are not too tight.  I am 5'8" and this touches the floor at medium.


I said it fit as expected, but I never even tried it on. However, Amazon won't let you post a review unless you check a box on how well it fit.


It is a waste of money. When it arrives and you have a shoddily made dress that's not even good as dust cloth, you'll discover it's a waste of time. The problems include an uneven hem, crooked mid-seam, loose buttons,  buttons that weren't sewed in a straight line down, nor is their spacing even, loose threads, fabric snags, the mid-section is uneven, the upper back is uneven, one sleeve is longer than the other, and more! There's no tag identifying the manufacturer or cleaning instructions - clear sign that this was a made in China knock off dress. Just let the pictures (There were more than 20, but that's all Amazon will allow me to upload) speak for themselves.


Fortunately, Amazon is giving me a refund, but as a gift card, and I have to take time out of my day to get to the UPS store. Absolutely ridiculous.


First AND last time I buy clothes on Amazon. Why are these bootleg sellers still allowed on Amazon?


The dress is true to size and the perfect length. I’m 5’3” and it’s perfect for flats or heels. It only got 4 stars because the hem is kind of a mess. It’s unfinished and kind of wonky. There’s a few high and low spots but it’s not terribly noticeable.


Cute dress but cheaply made. I am 5'5" and 140 lbs. The size small was super tight on the arms (I have really skinny arms) and rest of the dress was baggy. I was walking down the stairs and ripped a hole in the dress as I was leaving. Cute print but very cheap


It's cheaper of coarse but I'd buy again


Great for pregnancy and post partum.


You can breastfeed in it. Butons might give you a little trouble but I love this dress. Really good to look decent until you can fit your old clothes again. Which takes me closer to a year lol


Not a great dress. The hem was uneven, the fabric was see through (I purchased the beige), and it was not designed for bustier women. The elastic string that goes around the buttons were in serious danger of snapping (and i'm only a C cup).


