awful sleeves so tight in a 2 x i can not even get it on DO NOT BUY THEY ONLY GIVE YOU A FEW WEEKS TO RETURN


For the price- you can't beat it!!! I mean yes, it's definitely not the best quality but I purchased it for my maternity photos and I'm so glad I did! It's cheap enough that I don't have to worry about it getting ruined or anything during the photos- and it's good enough quality it will look so nice in photos! I am usually a size M in everything but my chest gets large when pregnant (about a 36DDD) so I got an XL- the chest is a little big but I plan on sewing the inside a little to tighten it up! Will be cute pregnant or not! Love it!


I love this dress. I just wish it had a zipper underneath the buttons so I don’t have to button 35 buttons up the front of my dress every time I want to wear it. I think the buttons need to extend longer down the front of the dress. It splits open right in the front and it’s rather high for a casual dress.


I absolutely love, love, love this dress. I feel pretty and sexy in it, and I can't wait to wear it somewhere special or even somewhere not so very special. I love it so much that I'd wear it all the time except that I'm enjoying just having it in my closet. I'm not exaggerating. This dress is just gorgeous.


Great material, love my color, and the fit is doable. Buttons are made with elastic closure all the way down this dress (similar to a blouse with an elastic closure by the neck) kind of a bummer. If I turn a certain way...my boobs are revealed. Cute overall


if you are curvy at all, this dress does not fit well. I will be returning it.


This dress exceeded my expectations. I was a little weary about ordering based on some reviews but I took the plunge anyway. I assumed the dress would be tight on my chest considering I'm a 36E in bra but the rest of the dress was so flattering. The dress touched the floor but I was pleasantly surprised that I wasn't tripping over it. I'm 4'11". I definitely want to order another dress :)


Gorgeous dress, very flattering and the fabric is soft and beautiful. It has a little deffect since in the buttons area it can open and show skin, which the other dresses have it covered. But I use it with a blue tank top and it looks nice.


MILUMIA WOMEN'S BUTTON UP SPLIT FLORAL PRINT FLOWY DRESS WAS PERFECT FOR ME THE DRESS IS SO BEAUTIFUL AND IT IS SO FANCY.


BEST REGARDS.


P.S. YOU DON'T HAVE TO UNBUTTON ALL THE DRESS BECAUSE IT HAS MANY MANY BUTTONS JUST UNBOTTON TO THE CHEST AND IT WILL ENTER COMPLETELY FINE.


This dress is very pretty. I had one in this brand and it was a bit on the snug side so I ordered up a size for this one and I like the way it fits. The sleeves tend to fit snug. I don't have particularly large arms so if you do that might be a concern. They definitely require ironing.


