Very pretty and flattering dress but this runs large. I am 5'5" and 16 weeks pregnant about 145lbs. I ordered a medium and it was too large. I will return for a small because the dress is pretty and will work great for maternity.


love this dress. Purchased 3 dresses just like this one, but different pattern last year and got a lot of compliments. Got one more this year. Nice, light fabric. Extremely happy with my purchase.


Am in LOVE with this dress! It is so comfortable and flowy!


It's so flowy that I was actually able to wear this at 8.5 months pregnant to my bridal shower. I would highly recommend this dress! Great quality for the price!


Exactly as I expected.


This dress is lovely and flowing and I love it.


The arms are slightly tight, but I anticipated that. I have muscular arms and broad shoulders, so It's a common thing.


The great thing is that I have just enough room and it looks great!


I’d like to give this no stars. It was too tight in arms and the front didn’t align properly. I went up a size per the reviews. But when I tried it on the front elastic waste area was at my boobs. Wanted to return but missed the cutoff time by accident.


I ordered a XXL, which is my normal size, and often is a bit large.  I could not get the dress around my bust, which is a size 42.  Sending back, disappointed.


super cute dress (got the blue and white pattern). I'm 36 bust, 28 waist, 135 lbs pear shaped, b-cup (usually a size small on top) and the small fit nicely. form fitting but not constricting. its a nice dress that isn't too revealing (well unless u unbutton the dress haha)


Beautiful dress and colors- just not what I saw.


Are you kidding me this dress is beautiful do not hesitate and even in the summertime it's not hot material I feel amazing in this dress my husband says I look good too and he knows I'm not a dress person


I loved the feel of this dress- really flowy and lovely. I'm 5'3, 115lbs, and a small was pretty large on me. Also, the colors were MUCH brighter than the picture appeared, so I did end up returning it, only because it was for a bridesmaids dress and so the colors were all wrong. But if it hadn't mattered I probably would've kept it. Also, MAJOR bonus for short people, the small wasn't too long at all! I could wear it with flats without tripping all over myself. To be honest, I kind of want like 20 of these dresses.


