It's not meant for women with large breast. the middle of the dress doesn't really fall in the mid section. I wanted to love it but i can't. Half the mid section is at my boobs.


After reading the reviews, I ordered up. I'm glad I did. I love this dress. I ordered the navy and green and the colors are much more vibrant in person! I hand washed it and hung it to dry and it does not seem to have shrunk at all. I received so many compliments on this dress! It's beautiful!


This dress really is very beautiful. The buttons make it less classy but I wan thinking about sewing on nicer ones and you could honestly wear it to a summer wedding. I'm 5'10" 150lbs and got a medium and it was bigger than expected. I would size down. The dress is fairly long, which is a nice surprise since it's difficult to find long dresses for my height. Overall pleased but wished sizing was a bit more predictable.


This dress is beautiful and very comfy. I had an issue with the first one I ordered because I didn’t think about reading the product description for each dress and I ended up getting a Large (which is my regular size) and it was tight around my arms and right under the chest. I ordered another one and went with extra large according to the product description and it fit perfectly. I’ve been wanting a dress where I can wear it with a pair of leggings or without and it does have a lot of buttons but it’s alrighg and it’s lightweight so it’s perfect


I ordered this dress in an XXL hoping that it would fit me, a lady who usually wears an XL. NOPE! but it did fit my little sister who is a size 8.... SO, super tiny-small sizing for sure!


The dress was also more yellow than what the picture leads you to believe, and was missing a button when I received it. Thank heavens for free returns!


All versions of this dress are not equal.  I prefer the soft guaze feel opposed to this polyester blend.  The chest and sleeves aren't as generous in this one either.  Which causes the elastic band to ride up and rest on the underside of my chest. And a little bit snug around my biceps (still fits but not flowing).  Poor fit and constantly tugging the front back down to my ribcage is why it's 3 stars and the blue is 5 stars.


5'2" . 113lbs. I usually wear a small but could've used an xs. I'll probably stick with the small and just belt it out of convenience. However don't be nervous to size down the waist is so so forgiving! The length slightly long at my height, but planned on wearing heels so not worried about that... Beautiful rayon dress and would recommend. I ordered the "white_green" floral one with white background and it is rather sheer (obv!) but with basic proper ladylike undergarments it's a non issue.


I was so excited to get this dress because it had great reviews and it is beautiful! I ordered based on the sizing suggested from other reviews, and it fit fine, however the stitching for the waist was up on my boobs, which is why i am reviewing this as too small.  Such a shame.  Had the waistline been where it should have been I would be so happy!! I am a size 38D and ordered an XL


Beautiful dress and so comfortable! Highly reccomend :)


The rope-like tie was broken when it arrived--it wasn't sewn onto the fabric. I'm 5'10" and it hit above my ankles. Also, I'm normally a large (36 inch bust, 29 inch waist, 41 inch hips) and the XL fit me, which I think was true to the size chart. It was just really cheap looking to me (and broken, of course), so I returned it.


