Bought a medium. I’m 5’6 and 145lbs. Fit great. Hides what you don’t want seen. Super flattering and flowing and pretty.


I am 5’4” 140 lbs 32DDD. I ordered size medium in the blue green color. Fast and easy shipping. Although the dress is beautiful I am giving 4 stars because the material is near see though in the sun and a sizing issue. There is elastic around the waist but it’s still very loose luckily I can alter it myself. The length is perfect for sandals.


I'm 5'4" 135 lbs purchased a medium and it fits perfect.  The pattern is beautiful, construction is better than expected.  Loved so much I purchased a second one in black.  Great buy for the money.  I would have paid double for this dress.


Loved the fabric selection, it did come with a hole in the side seam, but that was an easy fix.  The fit was terrible so I returned it, which was easy to do, thankfully, you just need a UPS close by to return.


The size of the dress is not accurate at all its supposed to be a 2x and it like a medium is not an accurate size at all. I don't know where it comes from but it's not the right size. It's not made for plus size woman.


I bought a 2xl and it fit my mom who is 5'2" and 130 lbs only slightly loose. Very disappointed for me, but it does look gorgeous on her. Buyer beware this dress runs absurdly small


Super cute, I got a 2xl and wear a women’s xl/18. I would have what’s called a swimmers build. The bust and arms are slightly tight but nothing that can’t be worn. It might just be my frame but the elastic type material under the boobs is sitting on my boobs so it looks a little awkward. I’m going to have to get some serious lift to have it fit correctly.


The flower patterns are pretty but the material on the breast areas looked very worn and stretched out. I returned it.


I ordered this dress for a family photoshoot and was nervous about the fit since I've never bought clothes online before. I ordered according to the size chart. I received it and it fits perfectly! I have to say that the buttons go down further than I thought it would, but I'm also 5'2, so it may just be my height. The dress is only a tad long. Also, the dress is a little see through, but just throw spanks or leggings underneath. It's gorgeous!


Love this dress...got an XXL. but it's still too small for my boobs!!  Love the pattern and the material...love that it's a full flowing skirt...too bad the top part is too small for a 40 bust.  I want to return it, but there was no packing slip included..Usually there is a packing slip with a return label.  Not happy about that.  Sure hope Amazon will help with the return.


