If you have larger arms it'll be snug there.  I could have gone to an extra large,  but the arms were too tight. Size 18/20 typically.  The XXL was bigger on my body,  but still snug on the arms,  but not enough to make it look bad.


I grab and extra large due to my bust size. 38ddd it for great other then the fact that the elastic band was setting on the bottom half of my boobs. it would look great paired with Jean jacket or Jean vest maybe even a knitted shaw. husband said it was very flattering even though it was loose


This dress is awesome. The design, the material, and the price make this dress a win win situation.


Absolutely love this dress! When I received it, it was too large, which I should have looked at the sizing to accurately order the correct size, but I quickly sent it back for the right size because I knew I had to have it! Light and soft material is perfect for pretty much any occasion!


It's so cute. I love the material! I wore it open in the front with leggings under it, I got so many compliments! :)


Wore this this dress size small (5'3", size 4-6) and got tons of compliments. It came about 6" too long so I hemmed 2" off and wore heels. After the first wash (cold, delicate) and tumble dry delicate, ultra low temp, it shrank about 3-4" and is now a bit too short. The arms also shrank a small amount.


There are a lot more buttons going down the front than what is shown in the picture.  Very cumbersome to put on. Material wrinkles easily and reminds me of the dresses worn in the 90's. Not what I was hoping for. I am 5'4 174 lbs and the size xl was a little long but otherwise just right.


Love love LOVE this dress. I am wearing a medium in these photos. I stand 5"4 at 155 pounds. It's a little in my waist but it is very comfortable. Definitely considering getting another one in a lighter colored print.


This is a beautiful dress. I get compliments everywhere I go in this dress. Even from people who only buy high end clothes. The fabric is soft & flowy. It does run a bit large, so ordering a size smaller is probably best. I've already ordered 4 other colors. My favorites are the navy pink, and the black & green.


Perfect fit! I’m 5’6” and 115 lbs —the SMALL was perfect.  Was afraid the top buttons  would be tight ( I’m a D cup) but no problem there!


