I really like this dress. I'm 5'2 and 143lbs and with wedges it was the perfect length.  I didnt like the strings so much but you can definitely hide them if you don't want the strings around.


I got this in the navy and the beige.  Love the navy and will wear often.  Returning the beige because it is see through.  I am a size 14 and got the extra large which is loose int the top but okay. Probably will order a large if I order another.


Love this dress! It was perfect for Easter Sunday.  Easy to put on,  wore like a dream,  and so many complements. I ended up buying another one in a different color for another event and received complements on it as well.  You cannot go wrong with this dress!! P.S. i have heard horror stories about washing it and have yet to do that as i put mine in the freezer to remove any odors from the outside world.  I imagine just washing and lying flat to dry is the way to go.


GET THIS DRESS!


I can't believe the amount of compliments I get. In the grocery store, walking down the street, in the ladies room--this dress is a hit. You feel very bohemian and beautiful in it. The only thing I wish is that the drawstring was actually functional, but it's just there for show.


5'10" normally wear 14/16, ordered XXL and it fits perfect!  Being tall I was worried it wouldn't be long enough, but was pleasantly surprised- hangs just above my feet


This dress is everything I wanted. I’m 5’10 approximately 155 lbs; I ordered the Large. It fits like it was made for me. I wear a slip dress underneath because the fabric is somewhat see-through. It’s FLOWY, complimentary to the figure, and an 8/10 quality dress. It feels like vintage and fun to wear. It would be higher if it wouldn’t wrinkle as much, but would trade it for any of my other clothing items!


Beautiful dress! I'm a size 14 so I ordered an XXL because of the other comments and it fit great. I wore it for a wedding then had a casual event to go to afterwards so I accessorized with a Jean jacket and it was perfect. I would order this again in another color.


Fit was great for me (34dd bust, 5.5”). Love the color, style and cut. Whenever I wear it, it get many compliments. The fabric is light and flows. I wore it on my trip to Thailand and the fabric was perfect. It was hot and humid and this dress was ideal. I would recommend washing in cold water and hang drying.  Going to purchase in another pattern.


First let me start out by saying this is a beautiful dress. The cut and stitching are beautiful. However, it's too small. I took a chance based on reviews but it did not work even at the largest  size. I'm 5-4, a size 16, and 40DD chest with large upper arms and wide shoulders.  It fit everywhere except the arms & bust and the length brushing my feet. I caution you if you are over a 16 or very busty as it will not fit. The top could be stitched shut or a layering cami works, but the arms are a deal breaker.  It was a big disappointment because it really is pretty!


The dress is very pretty but I ordered the biggest size they had and it fit like a small. Not true to size in the slightest.


