So pretty and timeless. Very feminine without being too much.  The fabric is soft and silky. True to size.  I love this dress!


These are beautiful dresses. Pay attention to the fit. They are not US sizing so they fit a little small. I wear a U.S. med so I bought a large and use an elastic belt. I'm 5'8" and this dress is actually long enough for me! Im buying every one!


AMAZING DRESS!! When package was first opened, it seemed that the material was see-through, but was not the case when it was put on. The button loops are stretchy, and buttons do not pop open at all. I love how this dress flows and looks. I am 5' 6" 38DDD and got  a belly. I ordered the XL and it fit perfectly.


Very pretty dress but I'm using this for travel and the fabric was is that 'instant wrinkle' kind (like, wrinkle when you're sitting, even).  It was very pretty, but also very thin -- I'm not terribly conservative but this made me think i should have something else on under.


As for sizing, I purchased the L and was surprised it fit well.  I have slightly broader shoulders, too - 175 lbs, 5'6


I love this dress. It's really comfy and lightweight! I'm 5'7", about 190lbs and 3 months pregnant. I ordered the XL and while it pulls a little at the bust, it's not tight and the little flap of material underneath covers the slight gap. It is very flowy and roomy enough in the stomach area that I will still be able to wear this when my belly gets big (assuming nothing up top gets too much bigger!)  I've ordered a couple more in other colors and I'm pretty sure I'm just going to live in them this summer!


Wow! This dress has class - you have to see it - the picture barely tells the story.  Soft, comfortable, more than expected - check out the extra work on the back shoulder area - surprise - well placed


I tried to pick the correct size based on all of the reviews and the information listed. I'm 5'5" and a size 12, I bought the XL. It's definitely a little too big but I will report back after I was it to see if it shrank enough (or too much).


All of that said, I LOVE this dress! It's extremely flattering. It's very flowy. Like everyone else said, it definitely comes in wrinkled, but a quick iron and you're off!


Wonderful dress! Vey flattering. Bought this for a destination wedding and I am thrilled. I'm 5'2" and the dress is just above the floor in bare feet- perfect for a beach wedding!


I LOVE the dress. It is exactly what I wanted. The reason I gave it two stars was because as soon as I opened the package and hung the dress on the hanger there was this overwhelming odor that can only be described as wet dog. I have aired it out a few days and the smell has subsided a little. Will need to be dry cleaned before I can wear. A little discouraging. Aoxif tou are buying this to wear right away DONT!


love this dress!! the colors are so vibrant and the fabric is thicker than I thought it would be.  I wear a large normally but decided to get a XL just in case it shrinks. I'm 5'7 160 lbs. I could have got away with a large. the length is perfect


