Had hopeful expectations in ordering this and was pleasantly surprised. The dress material is thin, soft, and moderately see-through- a dark bra will probably show, but light ones should be fine. Low cut neck, but not too deep to be scandalous. Length came to just above my ankles, with the front slit beginning a couple inches above the knee, which is perfect. Sleeves hit mid-elbow and are form-fitting. A few nice details include the extra flap of fabric covering behind the top buttons to stop any skin showing by accident, the elastic button loops, and the buttons at the sleeves. Not a perfect dress- a few stray threads, the edges of the front hem curl up a bit- but hardly dealbreakers. Overall, a bit pricey but a comfy, well fitting dress all the same. Based on my experience, should likely fit anyone of average height and weight and moderate cup size.


Sizing was actually more true than I expected. I sized up to a large but returned for a medium as the smocking and buttons have a good amount of elasticity. You will be comfortable and stylish. A couple things felt a tiny bit crooked or needed threads snipped but I’m very happy! I really love that there is a placket behind the buttons to avoid issues with gaping and skin.


5’ 7”, 155, usually wear a women’s 8/10 and went with a medium.


I love this dress! It's so flattering, I wear a size 12/14 and both the L and M fit me well. I ended up buying the M because I liked how it fit in my waist area better. I wore this dress for my engagement photos, and to a couple weddings, and every time have gotten tons of compliments on it. I highly recommend this dress for all body types and sizes. It's spacious and comfortable, light and breezy, and also very flattering!


Extremely long. Otherwise fit was great. I am 5’6 weigh 165 and bought a large. After ironing and buttoning up the rest of the buttons, I tried it on. I would have had to wear steletttoes with a 5 inch heel! I cut at least six inches off the bottom and hemmed it. Still longer than I wanted but I can where a cute wedge shoe. I am 66 and can not wear heels anymore.


I'm so sorry, this review is for the other dress I received from Amazon today (similar color & print).  Please do not post this review.  I meant to post this review to the OTHER dress I received. What a lovely dress!  I'm 5'10" and weigh 135.  I ordered a medium (8-10) on the size chart.  I normally wear a size 8 and it fits perfectly.  If you wear a size 10, it may be a little snug.  This dress looks exactly like the picture.  Beautifully made, beautiful flowy fabric.  I'm older and aware of having some upper arm flabbiness.  I was concerned that this dress would not cover it.  It's a non-issue.  Besides, it's so lovely, no one will be looking at me.  I purchased this dress to take on my upcoming trip to Italy and wanted something cool and comfortable, could be dressed up or down, and would require little or no ironing.  This dress arrived folded inside a plastic bag and barely had any wrinkles at all.  I will press it to get any deep wrinkles out but, truthfully, I could wear it without pressing.  It's going to be a great traveler!


I might have been able to get away with the small - but the medium still looks great and is SUPER comfortable! For reference I am 5' 7" and just under 150lbs. The material feels really nice, like a silky cotton, the pattern is fun, and the bottom portion is hella swingy which is obviously what we're all looking for in a long dress. I felt like a god damn sophisticated 90's queen in this dress. If you too want to fee like a  god damn sophisticated 90's queen then all you need is THIS dress. Add to cart already!


I am disproportionately large busted, however I don't believe this dress was cut for anyone above a C cup and I ordered a large. The material was nice, flowed well. It was the proper color and pattern shown in its photo. The elasticized waist does not actually provide any shape and the tasseled strings are only attached as decoration so you will need a belt if you want a waist. In short of you have a smaller busy enjoy the dress with a belt. Otherwise avoid it.


Order one size larger.  Much smaller in the upper arm area than expected. If it were to be washed it would shrink and not fit. I also noticed that colors run.  It comes extremely wrinkled, expect to steam/iron for a long time or just take it to a dry cleaners.


I wore this to an outdoor wedding on a hot day and it could not have been more perfect. I initially ordered this dress an in XL but had to return it for an XXL. It does run smaller than you think. It came wrinkled (of course) but with a very very light ironing it was an easy fix. Even though I had to go up sizes, it was not too long for my 5'5. While the fabric is perfect because it is so light, it is see-through so I had to wear a slip with it. It was comfortable to wear all day and looked great in pictures because it was so flowy. To be honest, I'm trying to resist from buying the same dress in every color. I love it!


This dress is great for people with tiny arms. The material flows beautifully and the pattern is attractive. However, people with normal-sized arms should look elsewhere.


From the other reviews I've seen, it looks like the arm thing might only be an issue for the larger sizes. It's almost as though when they were sizing this dress up they made everything larger except the arm holes. This issue is not one I've run into before. I even re-ordered in a size up and it didn't help at all.


The arm issue makes what otherwise would be a lovely dress unwearable.


