Loved the material very comfy and soft but on long hands the army and hands run very small almost two sizes down so I had to open the sleeves and cut the material frm length and attach fr width on hands and armhole had to be opened and made little bigger so I almost re stitched the piece halfway!!so if anybody is willing to this fe the print and material then fine!loved this piece so much that I ordered two more now again!!!but the fit fr this long sleeved one is much more looser than the last one so need less work in loosening it up a bit on sleeves!as they run small on sleeves!


I got the "beige yellow" dress - the one with red and blue plants and birds. The fabric is beautiful, very lightweight and flowy so when you spin it looks lovely. The waist hits over my ribs, just below my chest.


But the S was HUGE! I measured and my waist is ~24", but the dress billows way out where the stretchy waist is supposed to be - it's like 4-6" too wide. I am going to tailor it, but just a heads up that for me the size guide was way off.


This dress is gorgeous and I got many compliments on it when I wore it to my husband's company dinner in Maui. Fits as expected.  I'm 5'9" and usually wear a size 8 or 10 in a dress.  I ordered the large as I am a 36DD on top so I often have to order a size up to accommodate my chest.  It was actually ankle length with 3.5 inch heels so I'm guessing the dress runs a little long as I'm tall.


Man, I wanted to love this. I ordered for my sister's bridal shower and received the day before already missing a tassel. It wasn't enough to bother me right away so I wore it and received a ton of compliments and felt really pretty in it, until the back ripped a good two inches about half an hour after I put it on (mind you it fit me kind of loose). Sewed it, first wash and the other tassel fell off.


It's seriously beautiful but man it's been falling apart since the beginning. I'm just going to keep the sewing box and safety pins handy and see how many times I can get away with wearing it til it can't be fixed anymore.


Beautiful, lightweight summer dress but it was short on my 5'8" frame. The tabs on inside of sleeves meant for pinning rolled sleeves were missing button holes and only one sleeve had the button. I returned it, would order another if I thought the quality would be better.


The dress is more thin and light weight than I thought it would be, but it looks nice. It's pretty low cut on top, and it buttons all the way down to the bottom, so you can choose how high the split is. My only big complaint is that the dress fit everywhere except right under my bust, where it was a little tight and the buttons separated a little and you could see my skin.


I loved these dresses when I tried them on and so did my husband. I bought 3.  The flowing design is very flattering. BEFORE WASHING: The fabric is amazing: smooth, slinky, cool like a percale sheet.  I normally wear a large, but got X-large after reading reviews and I'm glad I did.  The bust fits my B-cup well.  The waist is too big, but who cares...it's a flowing dress. I'm 5'7" and the dress grazed the floor. But, it's rayon and it SHRANK on COLD wash and LOW dryer heat.  The arm holes became too tight (and I'm slender).  The elastic waist moved up over the bottom of my bra and was very uncomfortable.  It didn't need any ironing, so that's a plus.  It seems that dry cleaning would be the way to go, but that's expensive and doesn't address the poor workmanship.


The WORKMANSHIP isn't great. There are 22 button loops in this size and most of them were undone. I would permanently secure them per other people's comments. One elasticized waist was completely unravelling right out of the box..  The rope belt is non-functional, and in two of the three dresses I ordered it was sewn in 2" BELOW the elasticized waist, didn't look good, and the color didn't match.  I would remove it.  The hem varies by 4-6", but handkerchief hems are in, so it looked OK.  One dress had a larger neckline on the right side than the left, but after washing, it was OK...just too tight.  I am really disappointed that I have to return these.  If I could afford to dry clean them, they'd be really nice.


Again, another dress that I would give a 5 star if ONLY they carried it in a xs.  Why don't they?  We xs DO exist and we DO count.  I love it and will make it work. I just tuck the little tie in...as it does NOT cinch down and I use a boho belt of my own and it looks amazing.  Its a pain too button up, so be prepared for some frustration when you get it.  They don't button it for you and there are a buttload of buttons.  But its made well for the price and I love it


i. am. in. LOVE. with this dress!!! i bought a XL bc of my bust. The seller includes the sizing for each design (which i like, thank you!) my bust size is 43" and i didnt want to go an extra size up to compensate the girls and im glad i didnt. There was actually some nice breathing room for them. I knew the waist would be bigger, bc of the size i had to get. Its not to a point where i would need to tailor it, but its enough to hide when im feeling bloated. its a good comfortable size. The arms are just right. not too tight or loose (which i wouldnt have minded either), my dress didnt come damaged and the button elastic holders are not broken. It arrived in a ziploc bag of sorts with no smell. Neckline is good, i didnt find it low. I am definitely going to be buying more of these in different colours! i bought the 3/4 sleeve green and black flower dress. 5'7" 160pds


the wait line went across the middle of my boobs, they need to fix their sizing. It was a nice fabric but came so scrunched that it looked like someone wet the dress, then twisted it and put it under a dryer before shipping it.


