Loved the dress so much I bought two more. They fit perfectly and seemed very good quality to me. I was given many compliments on them. I'd recommend this dress to anyone from a casual work environment up to a little something to wear for spring/summer occasions.


One little fly in the ointment...


Be aware that the company's product description indicates that the dress will shrink after washing. This needs to be a bit more emphasized.  I wore my dresses for quite a while on the hottest days we've experienced so far this season. I felt obligated to wash them. I did follow the instructions and they were washed in cold water without any other special treatment.  I line-dried them so no machine drying was involved. My beautiful, perfect fit dresses still shrank quite a bit. They still fit but the "perfect" fit is now gone and the dresses have gone a little tight on me. The length lost 2.5 inches. The bust grew quite tight, though not uncomfortably so. The arms are now also quite tight and if I have to lift my arms shoulder length or higher the dress now rides up uncomfortably and has to be pulled back into place. It is my hope that the dress will give a bit with some hanging and maybe a little wear.


Please be aware that I am 5'3", 118 lbs. and small busted, but I am athletic in my upper arms. I purchased the dress in small and it fit perfectly out of the package. Medium probably would have shrunk down to the proper size.  All in all, the shrinkage does not make the dress unwearable but it does alter the nature of the dress. Originally I had to wear the dress with heels as it was too long. I can now wear it with flats. They still look quite lovely and I would still recommend these dresses. It's just that if you find the dress to be snug when you first get it, get the next size up. If the dress is loose, keep in mind that it will shrink in the wash.


Great dress!


Exactly as pictured.  The dress is true to size.  I range from a small to medium, so I ordered a medium because you rather have a larger size than smaller.  The dress was a little loose, but I'm okay with that because I think that is apart of the look.


It his me perfectly at my ankles, and I am 5'4.


The dress is sheer, meaning it's not thick fabric.  Do not wear bright colored under wear or bra with this dress.  Make sure to wear nude everything.  Other than that, it's great.


I am so glad this was on Amazon PRIME because I needed a dress for my engagement photos, and they are in 4 days, and I wanted to order something quick so I could see if I liked it enough or not.  And I ended up really happy, so I'm going to keep it!


I ordered this dress to wear to church and to see family on Easter. I was really disappointed when I pulled it out of the bag. It was extremely wrinkled, there were random threads all over the place, the top button was slightly off-center, there was too much fabric on the right side of the chest (even when laying flat or on a hanger) so it laid a little weird, and some of the strings holding the tassels were torn. When I first tried it on, I thought it was waaaay shorter than I wanted it to be which was surprising by because I’m not tall. Once I ironed it, it ended up being a perfect length. I’m 5’3”, 155 lbs and pear-shaped. I ordered a medium and it fit perfectly. The arms did seem a bit tight at first, but they loosen up with wear. Despite all its flaws, I wore it knowing nobody else would notice them and I got a TON of compliments on it. It blows so beautifully on a windy day. Will I wear it again? Yes. Would I recommend buying from this seller? No.


After reading many reviews I decided to order the XXL-mainly because fear of the arms being to tight.  It fit,  but not comfortably.  The remainder of the dress was almost  perfect.  I usually wear a large or x-large depending.  I decided to take 3 inches of the bottom as I was wearing flats.  I am 5 foot 5 inches  and it was still  a bit  on the long side. May take off another inch. Used that piece to widen the sleeves which turned out better than expected (and no one noticed).  All rayon material so  it wrinkled  but I had the navy blue and it was not so noticeable. Received many compliments. I was actually  pleased with my dress. Very comfortable with a big flowy skirt. Wore it to my daughter's beach wedding. Will definitely wear it again. Think it will be perfect for summer and casual wear as well.I did have to wear a cami as it is very low cut.


Purchased this dress to get me through the last few months of my pregnancy.  It's so pretty and I get a ton of compliments. Extra bonus is that I can still wear it after the baby is here! Very Light and flowy fabric. I'm 5'4" and it falls right to my ankles which is great for flip flops or showing off some cute wedges.


I ordered the medium in the navy/green dress. I am 5'6" 153 lbs, size C cup. It fits very well, but I feel it could be more fitted. The dress has a lot of give and I felt it was a bit lose on my chest and waist. There are "drawstrings" at the waist but unfortunately those are just for decoration, they don't actually allow you to tighten the dress. Because the dress is stretchy I'm afraid it might become loser and if I lose a few pounds I'm sure it will hang too lose. I'm ordering a small to see if that is a better fit for me. The length is great. The dress is slightly sheer on the skirt area so I will be wearing a slip with it.


Great dress for the price. Does have some downsides- threads that need snipping and it comes wrinkled up in a package and you have to button up the zillion front buttons, but it's comfy! I'm size 18 and I got XXL and it fit well. It might even be big but I think a size down would have made for tight sleeves.


The waist would be better a little lower down- on me it looks a little maternity-ish- but it's soooo comfy and flowy.


I haven't washed it yet. In fact I have pretty much only tried it on and worn it around the house.


I cannot say enough about how much I love this dress! I already ordered another one in a different fabric and just hoping they have more available soon in other fabrics I like (in my size). I got so many compliments, and felt so pretty in this dress. It fit me great, was super comfortable, and was made well (especially considering the cost). It complimented my curves... I would recommend wearing a camisole under if you don't want to show cleavage, and you have a larger chest. It made my waist look small, and then there is a ton of fabric for the skirt section so I never felt like the slit was too revealing. I am 5'2' so it was a little long at times, but I was happy to lift it up as needed and it would have been fine if I had worn heels.


Seriously though, I would recommend this dress to anyone!


Fits great everywhere but the arms, sadly my upper arms are really big so it was kind of to be expected, haha. Overall it's such a beautiful dress and I can't wait to wear it!


*UPDATE: I wore this dress for some portraits at the beach and it was STELLAR! It flowed really beautifully in the wind and was very flattering on me. I actually got the bottom of it wet and sandy at the beach and it still held up pretty well but got super heavy (which is fine). Only complaint is that it looks kind of sheer in direct sunlight, but if the material were any thicker it probably wouldn't be as nice and flowy! (photo by Paige Nelson Photography)


This dress is my favorite dress now! It is beautiful on and fits me well. I bought a size small. I am 5'1 and 115lbs. I bought a darker color cause I read the reviews about it being see through. Mine is slightly see through cause I went with the darker color. I definitely plan on purchasing more later.


