I read the reviews on the sizes and did not really expect to be wowed by the dress quality or size. I was very pleased when I opened it, I have horrible sense of smell so I can't tell you if it had a funky smell. It was wrinkly but that's easy to fix. I put it on and it fit good for me-I am 5'4" and about 130lbs and I ordered a small. I would make the purchase again and again


Fit perfectly. I ordered a small and it was a little bit too large on the waist but fit everywhere else perfectly. The rope tie in the middle is actually a faux tie so you cannot adjust the waist it is just a rope attached to the edge of the dress and it may come off easily so you have to be careful with it. It also wrinkles very easily but is very breathable for summer. Overall I love this fit, style, and material of the dress just was disappointed that the rope on the waist was cheaply made and a faux rope tie.


I bought this dress and was a little apprehensive about size. I bought a large and I’m 5’8, 180lbs. Fit just right. Not too long, about ankle length. If my chest was any bigger, it may not have fit though. No clue my chest size now since I just had a baby so no help there. (I specifically bought this because it’s nursing friendly) The material was light and thin. I bought the black & orange flower dress which is great for fall. So excited to start wearing it.


I bought this in an XL. Had to stich up the front where the bottoms were so they didn't pop open. The thing is though. That the dress fit fine. Totally easy to slip over my head once sewn up, but the buttons were so useless I had to stich it. So, I wear it once, goes over great, lots of compliments. Wash it gentle in cold water then let it air dry. Probably shrank up 3 inches in length and 2 around. Dress is unwearable now.


This is a beautiful dress. I'm 5'8'' size 18 and the dress fit pretty good everywhere except the arms. I could barely get the sleeves past my forearms. If you have bigger arms - beware.


I ordered this dress in light blue. The fit was fine, but it reminds of a muumuu! It might be the design and where the hem hits my ankles (I'm 5'3). Also, the product description has that the fabric as "100% rayon" but the label in the dress has "100% polyester." Although the fabric seems soft, I won't take my chances and I will be returning.


Absolutely LOVE this dress.  The print and the fit is perfect. I ordered a Large. I purchased one and loved it so much that I purchased this one.  I loved that so much, I just ordered two more prints!


I love this dress. It's very flowy and comfortable. The neck is a little low, but not too low. I liked it so much, I ordered the red one too. One little warning, do take a close look at the pictures of the different colors online as some are short sleeved while others are mid lengthed.


The dress is beautiful, but a bit too low cut for my taste. It also seems to be made for taller women, as I will have to hem it considerably to be able to wear it.


This dress is awesome! Ordered it with Prime so I got it very fast. I am 5'6 size 12 and ordered an XL Navy/Green. It fits perfect! The dress is slightly see through when you hold it up to the light but when you get it on it is not. I thought this was going to be too low cut for me, but it hits at the perfect spot. The dress is not too long - it hits at my ankles. I have wide shoulders and slightly larger arms and the dress is not too tight. It is very light and comfortable.


