Beautiful dress. I'm a size 14, and ordered the XX large and it fit beautifully. The fabric is lovely and light. I will be ordering this dress in other colors. I purchased this dress for a woodland wedding. It's slightly sheer, but have ordered a tulle slip which will give more movement


I'm regularly a size 11 in dresses, and a size 12 in jeans. I ordered a large in this dress. Love thin, lightweight fabric (perfect for summer) but the dress definitely runs a bit large. Will be ordering another color, but this time in a medium.


These dresses are extremely flattering.  Every time I put it on, I get compliments on it,  specifically the beige one (first selection color I think). I am very curvy, and ordered the XL. It fits curvy very well.  I ordered multiple colors,  the fabric is comfortable,  flowing and wrinkle friendly.  One of the dresses was missing a tie, and the company worked with me to fix the problem.  I highly recommend these dresses for a curvy girl looking for a flattering and classy look.


Beautiful dress! Needed to get the length altered because I am only 5ft tall but still a very pretty dress, I am taking one star away because it had  a small rip on the side that I had to stitch (it was an easy fix but disappointed that it was there in the first place!).


This is a really beautiful dress, but I ordered in my normal size (small) and it was way too big.  The neckline was also too low.  For reference, I'm 32DD with a 26 inch waist.  Both areas were too big.  The length, however, was perfect (5'5" here).


I love this dress!  Very flattering and hides the 'mummy tummy.'  The only thing I didn't like (and why it loses a star) are the huge number of cheap looking white buttons that are apparently used for all of these dresses no matter the color.


The fit on this is very unflattering. The large ran small on me (size 14), so I got an xl.. the waist is still cut too high and looks like a maternity dress. If you aren't a natural waif, pass on this.


The dress is beautiful!! Probably one of my favorite ever! I am 5 foot 4'', 125lbs. 37'' chcest, 30'' waist, 37.5'' hips. the waist is a little big, but nothing a belt can't fix. The dress ends at my ankles which is perfect because it doesn't drag. Fabric is super soft and comfy! I'll probably end up buying more I loved it so much!


I am 5'7" and about 150lbs and somewhat large chested and the medium seems to fit well! I won't be drying mine though just to make sure it doesn't shrink...


Beautiful, sexy, flowing dress! Hits upper thigh at the opening. I'm 5'7" 150lbs medium fit properly in my arms and. Chest. I had to wear a belt though, as it was too loose in the stomach area. Got lots of compliments


