Not sized correctly for even normally proportioned women. Bust area is tight and I am not overly endowed in that area. Dress fits more like empire. I only kept it because in a dark color is not as noticeable and I needed a longer light weight dress for a trip. Returned the white one.


Lovely coloring and just the right length, but it was a bit small.  I have purchased two of this style with short sleeves, which fit and look great.  This longer sleeve dress, however, has a different fit and is a bit too small.  I am returning it.


Love this dress other than it being a little bit big. I just altered it to fit properly.  Very comfortable and got lots of compliments. Great buy!


lovely dress! It was comfortable and the colors were beautiful. Good quality for the price. I did end up returning it because the slit down the front was a little to high for my taste. The buttons end a few inches above the knee on me. But it is a great dress if you don't mind showing off a little leg!


Beautiful dress but way too long. I am having a hard time with the helming since it is very flared. This is definitely for someone 5' 6" and above. Also, it is very low cut the front. I should have looked a little closer at the model.


Not made for large chested women. The elastic waistband covers the bottom half of my boobs. It fit my boobs tightly which is ok, just the waistband is up too high, even in my best push-up bra. Thin cheap material. Definitely snug fitting in the arm and shoulder area. Very pretty though. I’m debating whether or not to keep it because it is so pretty.


I am 5'9" and it fits, don't get me wrong, but it fits because it is lose enough and can pass.  Technically I am a little too tall for it.  It is higher than an empire waist, which is where it should fit.  But I do get stopped on the street when I wear it.  Please absolutely love it.


This dress is gorgeous! I bought this to wear to high tea in London and it was perfect. I wear it for semi-special occasions now. Yes, the strings are a bit weird, but you can easily cut them off or put them inside the dress. The only thing is that it takes time to button all the buttons — but worth it!


I'm 4'11" and bought a small — with higher heels, the length is a true floor-length maxi on me.


The packaging was the first disappointment.  It looked like it had been wadded into a ball and stuffed into a very small bag.  There was also a very strange smell.  I could have worked throuall that, but it ran extremely small.


I have worn this twice now and received numerous compliments! I love the fit and the flow of this dress. Someone even thought it  was Freepeople dress :) I am super satisfied!


