Bought to wear in New Orleans. It was perfect - flowy, breathable and super flattering. Spent day having strangers stop me in the street to tell me how pretty it was. I am a size 4-6 and the small fit perfectly. Expect dress to be see through and very long (5'6" and it touched the ground with no shoes). I plan on buying more colors.


I got this dress with very low expectations after reading many reviews... all very mixed. I was expecting a dress that Might be ok, but Might have low quality materials and threads hanging off and buttons that wouldn't button. I've got to say..... I am extremely, pleasantly, happily surprised with how truly wonderful this little confection is!  It's a lovely little dress, nice fabric, no stray threads or off centre buttons.... it's got a gorgeous flow, feels great against my skin, and is absolutely adorable on!


Size... I ordered an XL mainly for the arms. I'm not busty, I'm pretty much an average size 10/12, 5'5" 165 pound girl. I'm sure I could have ordered a L and been ok on the body part, but the arms I believe needed a little extra space. Plus, I wanted it to be to the floor, so chose the larger size for the length.


Very happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone feeling a little hesitant... Life's short, Buy the dress!!


I ordered a size up based on other reviews. I'm 5'4" and curvy (usually a size 12 ish) with a 36E bust, and the XL fit well. It's along on me, but welcome to my life. I was actually sent the wrong pattern (I ordered the white and blue one and was sent the pink and green one), but I actually like it so I'll probably keep it and try to order the white and blue one again. I'm also not sure what the purpose of the strings with the tassels is, so I'll probably cut them off.


I wanted to it to work, but the neck was not appropriately done. There was excess cloth there as if they forgot to iron the cloth before sewing.


Fabric was flowing kind.It would have been good if that was properly done. May be I got a wrong piece.


I’ve been staking out this dress for at least a year now and finally decided to bite the bullet when I realized I had nothing to wear to a wedding that was coming up in a couple days. This may be the best impulse buy I have ever made!  It arrived pretty wrinkled, but easily smoothed out in the dryer on low with some water sprayed on it.  The fabric is so soft and light weight… it’s extremely comfortable and makes you feel like a model when you’re walking, as it flows out behind you.  It hid my problem spots – my stomach – without being baggy or unflattering.  I got so many compliments on this dress and I’m probably going to look for any excuse to wear it again.


Just for reference, I am 5‘2“, about 115 pounds, and wear a 34B bra... the small fit me very well.  Even the length wasn’t too bad, which has been a problem with maxi dresses for me before. I wore some wedge heels and was good to go.


The only drawback: the buttons are kind of a pain because there’s so many of them, but the loops are elasticized, so they are easy to fasten.


 I wish I had ordered this dress a year ago! You won’t be disappointed.


I love this dress! I have several things coming up that I needed a dress or dressier clothes for. Normally, I"m not a dress girl unless it's a maxi dress and even then, it usually ends up looking too casual for events. This dress is beautiful and so flattering! I am 5'6'' and 170 lbs and got the XL. Normally, sleeves are tight on my upper arms, but these fit very well. So comfortable too. I also bought this same brand but short sleeve and the floral design, also a great purchase.I ordered the Navy one with crocheted back, but that was way too low cut in the front and the elastic part on the waist was not flattering. Lastly, the red one with white flowers fit well, but the pattern looked much older in person than on the photo. I know I went alittle crazy ordering 4 dresses, but the first 2 were so great, I figured why not stock up. However, the last 2 weren't as nice.


I was sort of worried about other reviews saying that the fabric was super sheer and that the neckline was super low. That wasn't the case for me. I got the yellow one and it is beautiful. The fabric is very lightweight. Unfortunately that means it wrinkles very easily. If I were to wear it to something more formal, I would get it pressed and also not sit down for too long of periods at a time. When it's windy, it flows beautifully. I'm 5'7 roughly and typically wear a medium (4/6) in everything and the medium fit me well. If you have more than C/D cups though, you're going to want to order next size up or wear an undershirt and leave the top unbuttoned. Also if you have larger arms, order the next size up. The tag says it's made of Raylon and it's not a very stretchy fabric. It is actual buttons that go up the front of this dress, but the holes are the stretchy corded holes that you see on baby clothes a lot. That actually doesn't bother me and the dress has a panel that runs behind the buttons so it can give some in the chest area and not expose skin. The chest area hit me right at the top of my clevage without being vulgar. The buttons stop about 2-3" above my knee. I haven't Texas wind tested this dress, but it didn't reveal anything on a windy Kentucky day. And the drawstring/tasseI thing is non working, unfortunately. I would recommend this dress and have already received multiple compliments.


Update 9/5/17: I still love this dress, but so do bees. I've been stung Twice by a bee flying up the dress, but that's not the only bees that have flown up it. It might be the yellow color, or just sheer coincidence (I haven't been stung by a bee in over 10/15 years), but warning, I think bees really like the yellow version of this dress lol


I'll try to answer some questions. After reading many reviews, I took my chances and I got a defective dress. I've decided this source from this seller is sketchy in quality, so it may be a luck of the draw what you get. It not the seller who makes the dress, I've have another dress by this seller (that had far less complaints about defects) than this one and it came fine and gets many compliments! The button hole loops were missing in a spot. The small fit was fine and came below ankles just flirting with grazing the floor but not touching. I ordered a small, reference I wear a size 0-1 pant n Old Navy, 34b, 24waist, and 5'6 110 lbs. The dress itself is typical rayon material and the navy green pattern just as pictured, no surprises. I'm happy with the rayon dress, no I don't feel it's too low cut or to high of leg slit, so it looks like the model's picture. As you read, I'm not really short and may be on the slim side. This is rayon. I guess I take for granted people know fabric, but I'm been a long time fashionista. I already knew this despite some saying cotton, because have ordered these Chinese dresses before. You must know rayon SHRINKS and wrinkles. Never treat it like usual laundry and wash and machine dry it!! Use tepid lukewarm water or cold delicate/hand wash cycle and hang dry rayon to not shrink it. And wash it first few times by itself, as dye in rayon, (esp dark dyes) can bleed. It is as pictured and pretty so I will return and try another. Now, I read so many reviews and asked community on ths particular sizing, as every dress pattern is different when dealing with Chinese clothing. I'd like to thank those who answered. I'd like to ask those who review, PLEASE STATE THE SIZE RECEIVED AND YOUR MEASUREMENTS or it's not helpful as most people are trying to figure out sizing. Be as exact as possible, descriptions like I usually wear a medium is not as helpful as bust, waist, and height references, and weight is really helpful to include. I'd recommend this dress 👗 .


I wore this dress (in the pattern called Purple) for the first time today and I received compliments from practically everyone I saw, from family to strangers! It is SO beautiful, cool, and comfortable, in a flowy fabric and flattering cut. I felt positively lovely, and that confidence shows, because I also received many compliments on my makeup - I suspect they were actually noticing my happy, self-assured smile!


I noticed that the Size Charts differ considerably between the one included with the individual pics and one in the Product Description section. I purchased based on the first chart, where a Large has a 41" bust, and it fit *just right*. So choose based on that particular chart.


I love this dress so much I immediately ordered two more, and as there are such pretty patterns, I might even get still more. The value is terrific. It's truly a stunning dress that's comfortably chic. You'll love it!


I am 5'11 and about 155lbs. I was nervous to buy this dress because most of the reviews seemed to be from girls who were under 5'9 and I was worried the dress wouldn't be long enough.....I was wrong!!! This is a great find!!! At my height, it doesn't hit the floor but it is definitely long enough and I'll be able to team it with flip flops this spring/summer. The material is soft, kind of thin but that's ok for summer. I found it to be a little big around the waist/chest area (I ordered a medium) but I plan on teaming it with a denim jacket for a casual, daytime look, so the fact that it's a little roomy is alright.


