I'm 5'9 and 8 months pregnant and this fit exactly as expected and was extremely comfortable during my baby shower.


Cute but had to return.  Buttons popped off with little effort the first time i put it on


this dress is amazing!!! as I was buttoning one of the elastic loops completely came out of the dress. :/ but Im sure I will find a way to keep that part closed... the material of the dress is so soft and and I can't wait to wear this as my pregnant belly keeps growing this summer!


This dress is lovely--it is feminine without being frilly. This dress flatters the bust and waist while hiding the belly. I cannot give it five stars for two reasons: 1) it fits too tightly on my biceps; 2) although I am 5'7", it is too long to wear with flats.


Beautiful print though the fabric was a bit thin and fit rather tight. This suits a younger woman, I think.


This dress totally exceeded my expectations, especially for the price! I ordered my normal size and I'm seven months pregnant - but the smocking in the waist and stretch in the button holes make it perfect for now and after baby. The white is a little see through, but should be fine with neutral underwear. The print is gorgeous and the fabric has a nice light feel. So glad I ordered!


I am in love with this dress, It is absolutely gorgeous, It is also true to its size, I have already purchased another one


I'm 5'0 140lb and size 36C bra. And the SMALL fits beautifully. I even wish it was smaller!!!  My arms are not the smallest either and it's not at all tight! It's def true to size. Do not go up a size! Much more flattering the size u usually are.


was not expecting this dress to fit as well as it does. This is such a beautiful dress that you can wear for every day or even to a party. Love the fit, and the length is great too! can't wait to wear it out.


Super cute! BUT- The fabric is thin, especially along the back seam. It's not see-thru, it just seems fragile, like it could rip after a couple of wears or wash. I've worn it twice and I've been really careful with it. Even if it does, it's so cheap- you get what you pay for.


