Very nice for the price point and I've received a lot of compliments while wearing it. I kept the one I ordered, but if I purchased another (which I would) I'd but 1 size smaller. There is a lot of material in the skirt which makes for a dramatic look.


The dress is the model that I expected has a good amount of fabric and the perfect length. But observing it seems to me that the pattern is not the same. It is an imitation of the original shown in the photo. the girls who have uploaded photos can see the sharpest print this looks cheap, that's why I give it 2 stars. I ordered a small ... waist I'm 28 chest 35.


This dress has such a lovely fit. It makes a nice silhouette and fits as I would expect. Very flattering. My only disappointment is that with the white color, I’ll have to wear a slip because the fabric is just a little thin (not in a cheap way though).  Darker colors shouldn’t have that issue.  It’s a really comfortable dress and perfect for all seasons except maybe hot hot summer days. Great value and great buy. Highly recommend.


My first dress purchased in this style. I love the fit. I think the sleeves are a little strange in length. The fabric print is quite retro, but I like it. I wear this for more casual looks, and ordered a few others in different fabrics for dressier occasions.


I really want to like this dress; the pattern is great and it seems like the perfect spring or summer dress.  I ordered a size up because of other reviews however I still had fit issues.  I'm very tall at 6' with a shorter torso and the top of the dress still did not fit my correctly.  It was loose and a bit baggy around the arms and chest, however the ruched elastic-type part of the dress hits almost right smack dab in the middle of my chest and it really should fall below to be flattering.  I also did note that the dress was only about five or six inches off the ground for me, which means some girls must just swim in it.  I'm very used to things being too short on me, but I've never encounter this issue of a dress being too big in fit but "too short" in proportion.  I just don't think they adapt any of their sizing and fabric cuts to fit taller (or maybe even shorter) girls.  I'm not going to return the dress and will find other uses for it (was hoping to be able to wear it  on nights out or even to work and now I don't think I will) but I just wanted anyone else who may be browsing to be aware that the fit can be tricky!


Love this dress, I've worn in numerous times already.  The sleeves are a little tight fitting, but not uncomfortable at all.  I did recently notice a hole in the skirt, not sure if it's been there the whole time or if I caught it on something, but nothing I can't fix with needle and thread.  I've washed it in cold water and hung it to dry and had no problems.  Great dress for casual outings or you could even dress it up with some jewelry.  I'm about 5'4 and 170 lbs and the medium fit great.  It hangs perfectly and the length works fine with a low sandal.


This is such a pretty dress! I bought the black dress with bright orange flowers. I wear a large and wore this to my baby shower 7 months pregnant. I bought the large and it fit perfectly. The waist has elastic and has some stretch, plus has a cute string belt with small tassels. It was not too tight on my large chest or too low cut and the slit was just right. 3/4 length sleeves. I'm 5'6" and the length hit my ankles, I wore flat sandals. The dress was just slightly see through if you were directly in the sun, but not so much that I had to wear a slip. It was comfortable to wear and I plan on wearing the dress when I'm not pregnant. I received so many compliments on it.  I want it in other colors!


Was super cute, until it shrunk after one wash


I bought the XXL but probably could have squeezed into an XL (I normally wear about a size 14 but I have big boobs and other posters warned about the arms being very tight so I sized up). The dress fits pretty good, make is not the greatest quality but for the price it's better then I expected. Really loved the way it looks, although I do wish the waist band sat lower so it was under my boobs. I got lots of compliments on my outfit and am considering buying a second dress in a different print.


New favorite dress! It is so comfortable and pretty; I feel beautiful in it. I put it on as soon as it arrived and didn't take it off until I had to wash darks. I'm 5'6.5", 140 lbs. I got a medium and it fit great. I am very small in the bust area. I can see how it might not work for larger busted ladies and/or if they're on the lower side, due to the high waist line, but it's perfect for me. I also love how the buttons button in a way to where they won't easily come undone. There's even two extra buttons on the inside at the waist cinch to ensure it looks perfect.


