Ok for a cheap dress I love this one! It was a little shorter than I’d hoped. In 5’4” and wearing 4” heels in my photo. I’d prefer it skimming the ground and it was a little short. It would hit perfectly if I wore flats... if that helps you. Busty girls the seam will probably hit you wrong.


Love this dress - I purchased the black one with pink, orange, and green flowers over it and it fits perfectly. I'm 5'9", and the dress is long enough that it covers my ankles and I can wear flats in it (I suspect if you are any shorter than 5'8" or 5'7" you might have to wear heals). Also, the buttons comfortably go low enough to prevent any accidental flashing. Would buy again.


LOVE this dress.  I am a US size 16, 36DD bra size, 5'2 height and 195lbs.  I ordered the 2XL and it fit PERFECTLY (well besides it being too long, but everything is too long on me because I'm short :P).  You will need a slip with this dress because it's pretty see through.  I am ordering this dress in another color I love it so much!


Super disappointed. I really thought this dress was going to look nice on my figure based on the model and customer posts but when it finally got it the dress just kindness of hung on me like a bag. It didn't flatter me at all. The material was kind thin and see through which was another negative for me. I returned it


First one was too tight on the top, the second was too loose, so I washed it thinking it would shrink, nope. But can use as a pool side cover up..or BBQ dress.


Omg. I don't post a lot of reviews, but this dress is awesome. It's exactly the same colors in the picture. I'm 5'2, 134 lbs, 36D and the medium fit me perfectly. I purchased this for my daughter's wedding rehearsal dinner. I really look pretty in it! Which helps because I'll be wearing this the first time I meet my ex husbands new wife LOL


These dresses are beautiful and flowy. I'm 5'2" and the skirt just barely brushes the ground when I'm barefoot. I wore the green one out the other day and everyone complemented me on it. I highly recommend buying one of these dresses for summer.


That being said, the reason why I didn't give it 5 stars was because the stitching is a mess in a few places; the dresses came super super wrinkled and it was difficult to get them out; and finally, I ordered two patterns in small and one fit perfectly but the other I had to return for an extra small.


I feel that for the price you pay, those issues are relatively minor. The dresses really are stunning.


Beautiful. If you're tall, have 36D breasts, with thicker than normal arms, and a skinny waist like I am, order a large. I got the blue green dress. It fit perfectly. According to the reviews some colors fit differently, also these dresses shrink after washing. I'll take mine to the dry cleaner after wearing it and post an update. If it shrinks I'll rate it lower. People might be better off ordering a size up and washing it before wearing it so you get the true dress size.


I bought this dress to attend a wedding since it's fall and I wanted something with a little more coverage. I am 5'3", 145 lbs and ordered a medium. I usually have trouble accommodating my large chest but this dress fit the ladies with room to spare. I actually wish I ordered a small because it's a little loose (hoping the dryer can fix that). The pattern and color look exactly like the picture and aside from being a little looser than expected it's a great dress! Comfortable, pretty, and flattering.


Stunning..absolutely amazing ..received tons of compliments ...I'm usually medium (4-6-8) I ordered medium and thought I could've gone for the small but I was worried about my big arm disease which surprisingly had plenty of space to move around and my 32DD lady lumps ...the length was a wee bit too long not by much considering I'm 5'4 ...ok now look at my poppin pictures ..


