Who would have thought I’d find the PERFECT dress for my son’s wedding on Amazon for $36?!?! Their wedding had a ‘70’s vibe, I knew in my head what I wanted to wear, and I found it! So pretty, so comfortable, I danced all night long in it. It washed like a dream (cold water, tumble on air setting) and I got compliments all day. So pleased.


This is the most gorgeous dress I have bought in a LONG TIME!! I am 6'0, 225 lbs and very, very busty. This dress in the 2X fit me like a dream!!I am buying the other two black colors and the white one. I wore it to work Monday and every person who saw me that day asked me where I got the dress and commented how pretty and flowy it is., even the UPS guy said " You look beautiful today!"...LOL. It doesn't come down to my ankles like the picture, but close. I am so very happy with this purchase!


Loved the fabric, fit, stitching, etc and could see it being super flattering, but as a few other commenters have said the waist was way, way too high. I ordered an XL and am a 36D, but the stretchy part that should fall at the waist hit mid-bust. Ordered another style in hopes that it was just a problem with this pattern, as others seem not to have the same issue.


Thought it would be baggier but it's actually fitted so if you want the look in the photo- size up. But it looks amazing fitted too. Got a lot of compliments on it. Only thing I would change is that the tassels that hang don't tighten the waist so it's kinda awkward. Love the double layer of buttons though that make it so the buttons don't come apart and show your chest.


I love everything about this dress!  It’s comfortable, very feminine,  flattering, great price.  I thing that stood out to me was that especially liked was the fact it had extra material down the middle behind the buttons to help cover your bra in case the dress gaps.  It has buttons that hold that material down.  I gets lots of compliments when I wear it.


This dress is amazing! I wear a size 4 and my mom wears between a 6 and an 8 and we both got mediums and they fit great.  Only weird thing are the tassels that hang down - we cut those off as one was fraying and was stitched weird but we didn't like them anyways with the dress so cutting them off was easy and a quick fix.  This dress is super soft and washes great, the pattern is done nicely and there isn't any bleeding around the flowers.  Definitely great for a summer dress!


Love this dress. Some of the elastic bands (for the buttons) seem stretchier than others so I might have everything hemmed more securely. Overall a really appealing dress.


This dress is wonderful!  Construction is good and the fabric is not sheer.  There is a lot of fabric in the skirt which is great!  I feel like i'm wearing a beautiful garden whenever I wear this dress.  I've gotten a lot of compliments on it.  I am 5'6" and about 145lbs with a smaller chest.  I bought the small and that fit great!  If you're about my height and weight but with a bigger bust I'd recommend the size medium. You'll love this dress!


I love this dress.  I have not washed it yet so I cannot attest to whether it shrinks but I did buy it in large first due to the reviews and it was too big.  I would normally be a medium or a large so its hard to say if it fits to size.  The large was quite a lot too big.  Material is thin and airy, colors are vibrant and the fit is wonderful in medium.  Not tight around the waistband.


Four stars..I love the fit of this dress ..Except the arms.  I wear a double x and the arms are to tight to button.  Material is more of a throw away type item.  Wear it once or twice and I don't know that it would hold up to washing...very thin material.  This is a very pretty cut and design very feminine and pretty.  This would be a great dress if the material was of higher quality.


