My husband LOVES this dress and I've gotten a ton of compliments.  Every time I wear it I feel like twirling.  Some things to know it is very light material.  I wear a slip dress underneath as it is sort of see through in sunlight.  I'm also 5'4, 145lbs, 36b.  I bought a large as it seemed like the sizing leaned to small.  The dress comes to my ankles which is perfect for me.  Im not kverly chest and the large is comfortable but still form fitting.


You will fall in love with this maxi dress. I have never owned one. At 5'4" wearing an 16/18, I thought I would look ridiculous. I was wrong. This dress fits perfectly with some stretch to it for added comfort. I have bigger arms and it fit perfectly. You will not be disappointed. I did however buy another pattern in what was stated as the same dress but the arms were way too tight. The sleeves were slightly different so not sure if that was the reason or it was just made incorrectly.


Im 5'5 and 143 lbs and I ordered a medium. It was really big on me. It  was not hemmed at all. It was so long I had to cut 5 inches off of the bottom and hem it myself. I also had to take it in 5/8 on either side and had to take it in 1" in the shoulder from the middle and eased it in like a dart to the shoulder. Now it is a gorgeous dress!! Glad I know how to sew.


Beautiful dress! Much more pretty in person. Fit true to size. I ordered XXL due to my chest size and it was perfect. Flowy and soft material, not cheap like I expected so I was extremely happy and impressed. I didn't like the tassel in the middle area so I cut it off and it looks even better in my opinion. I will most likely buy again.


Ordered a size medium. I'm 5'3" and 160 lbs (8 mo pregnant) and loooveee this dress. It's slightly sheer but not unwearable. I think the size is correct - this will fit more flowy after baby. I think it will be good for nursing too since the top buttons are easy. The print and details and materials are pretty high quality for the price and the stretch waist gives good shape to the flowy silhouette.


Dress is a pretty design.


It is also see through and will require a long slip.


The fabric is very thin. Not particularly well made.


I am 5' 5", 120 lbs. I ordered a medium and the dress is small on me but length hits the floor.


I would definitely buy larger size,  it is suitable for summer beach wear, nothing else.


The bottom was uneven. I would have had to hem it myself if I wanted to wear it around. It was a beautiful dress except for the bottom being noticeably uneven. It was so weird.


I am 5'3" 127 lbs. Bought a Medium and it was a good fit. I could have gotten away with a small if I had wanted it tight which I didnt.


Floral prints are making a big comeback this spring and summer. I love maxi dresses and this dress did not disappoint. I am 5'8" and 145lbs. I wear between a US size 6 to 8 depending on the designer. After reading the reviews, I ordered a M and it fit perfectly and the length was perfect... long but I wasn't tripping over it, in flats or heels. I love the prints and I am going to order more. I have received many compliments. The dress can be worn casually at the beach or dressed up for work or a date out on the town. I love how you can use the buttons to make the slit higher. It's very lightweight and perfect for the hot summer months.


Buy this dress, you seriously won't regret it. I want one in every color. Fits a little tight in the arms, so I'll probably go for the XXL next purchase. Feel amazing wearing it. I bought the black-yellow pattern and will try to get 2 or 3 more patterns soon.


Beyond BEAUTIFUL! I was stopped over and over from people wanting to know where I got my dress. I had to buy 3. What a great price. Bummed though I put it in the dryer by accident and it definitely shrunk. It was my fault though! The NAVY blue is the one to get.....oh and the mint green short sleeve.....ok and maybe the white one too! GORGEOUS!


