Nice dress, very light and flowy. I wore it to breakfast and felt girly ;)


I was scared to buy this dress because of the reviews but it fits and looks lovely. The only downside is there are no care instructions.


Definitely order up in size.  I ordered XL where normally a L would be my size.  This is very pretty and falls wonderfully.  I like the uneven hem line, gives the dress an interesting look.  The bodice runs very low.  I wore a slip underneath to cover the deep plunge as well as give some opaqueness as it is a bit see through, especially in day light.  I have washed it twice (in a large lingerie bag ) and that works fine.  But it does come out wrinkled and shrunk up.  I do not dry it , but hang it first after doing several tugs against the material in multiple directions to stretch it out a bit.  Especially helps on the arms. That is necessary I think, otherwise it shrinks up in length too much.  Typical of rayon.  After hanging, I then need to iron with a coolish iron because it still has too many wrinkles for my taste.  And there is a lot of material to iron - plan 10min or so.


This dress makes a great addition for a day time party/wedding event.  Just wish it didn't need ironing.


Beautiful dress. I'm 5'6" 150 lb size medium perfect fit!


love the way this dress fits, it's comfortable and looks great.  I wore it to an outdoor wedding and received lots of compliments.


I love this dress and I get compliments every time I wear it. I do add a small belt to the waist when I wear it for a little more definition. It's a lovely dress and I would buy another in a different color.


while the dress looks ok, it does not follow the size chart. The dress that arrived measures 2 sizes smaller than the size measurements listed. I will never order another dress from this company


Did not look quite right on me.  I am petite and just wasn't flattering on me.  Pretty dress otherwise.


This dress is fabulous wore it for our one year photos and it was perfect for dinner on the beach


Beautiful. Brought our holiday pictures to life on a trip to Acropolis, Athens.


