I bought this dress for an Easter party with my boyfriend's family. It was a wonderful dress, very flattering and a great breathable fit and material but be aware that this dress is 100% rayon and it WILL shrink in the wash. I washed it before the party, as I do with all new clothes and the top of it shrunk so the inched part was no longer comfortably on my waist but a bit higher and the length shrunk by about an inch or two at the bottom.


Still a wonderful dress and still wearable, but as I look to be another in a different pattern I will definitely size up.


I am 5'5, 36 bust, 31 waist, 40 hips and about 170 lbs athletic build.


Attached are photos from BEFORE i washed the dress, and then after on Easter day. The dress still worked and I plan to buy another.


I was in a panic trying to find the perfect dress to wear to my engagement pictures because us girls know our "trouble spots" and don't want that to be the first thing we see. This dress did everything and even gave me confidence! The material is so soft, easy to iron (which I highly recommend. It comes pretty wrinkled) & is so flattering! I love the dress so much I'm thinking of ordering a second for my brothers wedding this month. I ordered an XL. I typically wear a size 14 pant and my bra size is 36DDD. I could probably order a L bc I did have some room around my upper waist area. I hope this review helps!


Seriously. How has this gotten such good reviews! I honestly have never LOL'd so hard when I put on a dress. 1- it looks like a pilgrim dress in person. I got the blue one, its darker in person and not nearly as pretty as photographed.


Now the main reason I LOL'd so hard. The string/tie at the waist. Mine was sewn in about 4 inches lower. It was two random strings hanging out of my belly button. The item is just so cheaply made. You could see through the whole dress as the button up front has a small gap the whole way down.


Lesson learned- you get what you pay for.


Great ankle length. Fabric could be thicker. But it's not see through. Deep, bright colours. The cut is perfect. Really, it is. Good amount of fabric as well. Issue is, the stitching is too cheap. Should have had at least double the amount. Front part was stitched with loose thread to top part!? If I keep this I will have to stitch many parts of it. One tassel was completely broken off, and just placed in the bag. 80% of the buttons are loosely sewer, with threads coming out. Overall: Decent buy, if your willing to do finishing work on it.


This was way too big.  I ordered an XXL per the sellers size chart located in the listing's description, not the attached amazon size chart. I am 5'4" 150 lbs 38D bra size.  I was swimming in this dress.  loved the skirt length, and all of the material in the skirt.  I would have to take the bodice of the dress in at least 7 inches to get it to fit properly, and I do not like my clothes to fit tight.  The bodice is also somewhat short wasted, so If you are larger busted be prepared for the elastic in the waist to sit directly below the bust like an empire waist.


I loved this dress!!! Loved!!! I wore it almost everyday. It fit perfectly and I felt so beautiful in it.


I bought a large and I am a size 10 right now.


I loved this dress so much I bought 2.


After washing it once the dress shrank 3 sizes of more. I'm devastated!  Here are some photos of the 2 dresses side by side.


This is officially my last clothing purchase from a chinese manufacturer on Amazon. Didnt even bother to try on. Cheap material, uneven seams, a hot mess. Received an hour ago and already packed up to return. Awful.


Wonderful dress! Nice quality, it hugs you! I receive compliments from men and women even if I shop at a grocery store.  Men 's faces stretch in a big smile, some can't keep their emotions and say something like " it worth a Renoir's brush. May I take a picture of you?" Seriously,  men like a


 woman in a dress. And this one is feminine and just gorgeous! I am 5'9", 150 pounds, 36C. I bought large. It's ok but medium would fit better. Judge yourself. I bought a second one and love it too.


Got this beauty in one day with Prime shipping.


1) I feel beautiful in this dress. Hubby couldn't keep starring & couldn't keep his hands off me (ha!), just put it on to make sure it fit & take this photo... my event isn't until next week, if that's any indication of how great this dress is on just the 'practice run' hehee.


2) I am very "busty" at the moment (not use to it & am the largest I have ever been so buying a dress for me is hit & miss... this was a Hit!!). Current Measurements: hips: 53 inches, bust: 45 inches, waste: 43 inches, upper arms: 15 inches.


I ordered an XXL. I was pleasantly surprised at how flowy & comfortable this dress is. Due to my hips always being so wide, I usually have a hard time with dresses.


3) I added the blue belt (matches the blue leaf ib the print) to the smallest part of my waste, which helps accentuate & show nice curves.


4) The buttons all the way down the front & tassle rope accent at a perfect addition to the look of the dress.


I have a 35" waist; XL was too big. I've ordered a Large. Unfortunately there were two things wrong w/the dress I received. One, it was a couple inches longer on the right than the left. Second, at the waist, it was assembled incorrectly; it twisted to the right. The button line was straight through the chest but then shifted right at the waist. Felt uncomfortable. But I love the fabric; a bit gauzy, but thick enough not to be see-through. I try again with a different size; hopefully the next is better. I think it's really cute. UPDATE: I received a large, and this dress is so much better than the previous. It sits correctly on my body, the front opening being straight. It's still a little long on one side but it's so flows I'm sure I'm the only one who would notice. It's stretchy at the waist so I could probably wear a med, but it then might be too tight in the chest (40D). This one has a tie at the waist. I'm keeping!


