sleeves were too tight so i will have to alter, but the rest fit great...nice dress for any occasion


Pros: The fabric was soft but wrinkled fast. The dress cord at  music section was broke. Seemed to me the dress however nicely it flowed seemed  that the dress was sewn together (buttons) in a hurry or the mind set of pushing the product out.  I wear a  XS but felt more into a small. I would like to replace it but fear same issues would happen.


I absolutely love this dress. It’s comfortable and flows beautifully as you walk.  I’m 5’4, usually an 8/10 and I bought the medium - fit perfect.


do not let husband dry this; it was beautiful; then it was shrunk in 1 wash down too small


I bit tight in the arms for an XL size but the dress itself is gorgeous! The fabric is a bit thin perfect for summer!


The main issue is that the fabric is mediocre.  Love the style and the print, but also suspect it looks best on a slender person.


I love this dress! I got the dark brown color (though its actually black) in a size L. I am 5ft 3in and weigh about 155. The L is fine but I think I would have been okay with a M - I don't have small arms so the L was nice because the sleeves are loose and not too fitted. The dress fits beautifully! It hits the floor so I will have to wear heels with the dress. Great buy - I am going to get one of the lighter prints for the summer


Awesome dress. Very comfortable material of soft cotton. Fits my wife great even when she was pregnant and looks great otherwise too


I own a couple of these dresses. I ALWAYS get compliments. They are so comfortable, the colors and patterns are super cute, and the cut is chic.


My dress came in days before it was scheduled to! It is true to the photos - flowy fabric, not too much cleavage, goes all the way to the floor, and has a nice cinched waist. I typically wear a Medium but ordered a Large because I wanted it to really flow and hit the floor. (wearing for engagement photos) I am pleased with the large. Although a bit loose up top, it doesn't look bunchy or weird! A+ purchase! Would buy again!


