This review is written by my daughter:


"I bought this dress for a wedding and loved it, however it had a small tear in the back of the dress, I ordered another so I could wear it to the event. When it came in it was the wrong size and had to be returned. The wedding was the next day. I had no other options and wore the dress with the run in the back to the wedding, within 5 minutes the dress tear began to run, horrible quality. Many compliments on the dress, just wish that it had held up for more than a few minutes. Will be returning if possible."


I wish I could leave a better review. The material is SO THIN it tears at the seams at the slightest effort, like just taking the dress off. It fits true to size, so it isn't an issue of being too small or binding anywhere. I can't even see how to fix it, since sewing through material this thin would just create more of a perforation. I might try to use an iron-on patch along the back seam where mine tore, but overall this is not worth the money. It is too bad, since the pattern and cut are so pretty.


The top of this dress fits oddly and the pattern does not at all match up at the seams, despite that I do like the dress. I wear a size 14, 5ft 5inches with 38DD and bought the XL in the black-yellow pattern. The empire waist sits about 1/2 way down/across my cups, instead of the appropriate place at the upper rib cage, below the chest. The empire waist was also a bit loose but there was no way of fitting into a L as I'd expect the L to be even shorter at the top. The rest of the dress fits very well; the shoulders and 3/4 length sleeves were just right and the buttons don't pull. The full skirt is fantastically feminine and flowy, with the ideal maxi length which touches the floor when wearing flats and long enough to wear heels. I was given a bunch of compliments when wearing it to a work event and plan to wear a cropped cardigan over it to cover the odd spot where the empire waist falls midway across the cups.


This dress is actually really pretty. I think at first I questioned whether it would appear frumpy or like "old lady" type but it's actually constructed cute. It's not as long and flowy as I like it to be but it has enough flow for it to not stick to your body. It does come wrinkled but nothing a little ironing can't fix. It's really cute and think accessories will make it more modern to the questionable eye.


Update: I wore the dress out. It is really comfortable and looks so pretty in the wind. Def worth the purchase!


This would have been a beautiful dress and I would have loved to wear it but the middle of the chest was sewed to the sleeve and could not be fixed because they trimmed and finished the seam on the inside. Too bad because the fabric and skirt were lovely.


I cannot say enough great things about this dress! It's so soft, and flattering and the quality of the material far exceeds the price! It does plunge a little lower in the front than I would like so I wear a bandeau underneath :-)


I am 5'9" and 175 lbs , I bought a size large and it fits perfect! The bottom hem is not finished which makes it loot a little cheap but other than that I'm very happy with this dress


This dress is absolutely amazing! I love the way it's fits. I feel pretty in this. I got the Navy, the mint green, and the orange. I am super in love with the Navy in the mint green which both button up all the way. The orange is okay, but I love the other colors much more. Get this dress! I ordered a large, but I could have ordered a medium. For reference I'm 5'5" and 150 lbs. For some of the dresses, they have 3/4 sleeves, so be wary because the arms do not stretch. The Navy dress has three quarter sleeves and it fits fine, but the sleeves are a bit snug. I am still able to have a large range of motion though. As I said before, you need this dress in your life. Oh, I am also a 34 double-D.


Wonderful dress! I had to hem it because I am 5-4. I used my surger and it was super easy. I ordered 2 size up because I am nursing a newborn and my breasts are enormous right now. Fits a little loose but comfortable in the bust and I can easily unbutton to nurse the baby. Skirt portion of the dress is beautiful. Flows nicely and material is soft and comfortable to wear. Perfect for postpartum moms but I will be wearing long after as well. I highly recommend this dress. I ordered in several colors and wear them at home and when I go out. All were good quality and shipped quickly. Excellent price for the quality. I'm very pleased.


Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous!!!! I bought the black one in a medium and it fit perfect.  A little low cut but with a bralett looks beautiful.  I can only imagine the places i will wear this dress.  Maybe to the airport looking like im gonna go to some exotic beach, maybe on a spring day, or just to feel glamorous lounging around the house.  I will defintiley get one for my friend too.  Very beautiful.  5'1- 150 pounds bought a medium and fits perfect.  DD chest


