This dress is beautiful and fits true to size... Until you wash it. Even washing in cold water and hang drying will not save this dress from shrinking 2-3 sizes upon its first wash which renders it unwearable due to the buttons down the front with elastic loops. I can't even give it to a smaller friend/family member as it shrinks unevenly due to how the fabric is cut and the hemline is scooped.


I was so excited to get this dress for my cousin's wedding, I thought it would be perfect for a breastfeeding mom like myself, but unfortunately it was too late and too small. It fit beautifully from the waist down... but the chest and arms were pretty ridiculous. I don't know anybody who wears a XXL and doesn't have boobs or bigger arms, but if you don't this dress will be great for you.


great fit but shoddy material weave raveling....wore it once...paid to have the hem altered...now it's garbage and too late to return.  you get what you pay for.


Holy buttons! Really gorgeous dress with a lot of fabric and plenty of stretch. It's slightly low cut though, and the buttons don't go all the way down to the bottom--they stop at mid-thigh, so you might think about getting a slip to wear underneath. The fabric is slightly thin, so I am going to return the dress for a different (darker) color.


This dress fit perfectly. It is well made. The buttons take a little time to button up but you don’t have to ever unbutton them once it’s buttoned. The stitching was well done. The pattern is true to the picture. I’m 145 lbs, 5’6”, and wear a DDD and I bought a small.


Absolutely beautiful dress. Very flowy, Got tons of compliments. I'm about 155lbs and first ordered a medium which was a little big on me and decided to purchase a small and fit perfectly. I'm about 5'4 and dress went to my ankles. Will def order another in a different color.


Light, comfortable and flowing summer dress. Full button down front has some extra hidden buttons for discrete coverage. Some of the stitch work was bad on the sleeves but unless someone inspects you while you're wearing it it won't be an issue. Thin material slightly sheer but not an issue with correct under garments. I definitely will enjoy this dress.


Absolutely love this dress. It fits perfectly. I found that the sizing charts aren't necessarily accurate so I sized myself off of the customer purchase images. I found a few girls that looked about my height and size and I bought the size they bought. The sizing charts had me at 2 sizes larger. I'm glad I purchased based on customer images because it fits great!


Feminine and flowey!  Happy with my purchase However it runs a bit small.


This a beautiful dress. It looks elegant, flows beautifully.


