This dress is nice material but the shoulders bulged out. Looked like an old lady wearing it.


I was really concerned it wouldnt fit but !pleasantly it did. Its very flattering . Absolutely happy with the purchase.ordered a L ,i just compared other reviewers measurments to my own  and glad i ordered true to size.


Order 1 size up, and you will be glad you did after you launder it, there is some shrinkage. I love the dress and how flowy it is! It's a great buy especially for the price!


Love this dress. Lightweight and flows nicely. I'm generally XL on top. It was a bit long and loose... I'm just over 5 feet. Actually, fit better after washing.


Absolutely love this dress! I wore it for a wedding and it was super comfortable. I may even buy another one. The material is pretty thin so I just wore a tank and shorts underneath. I'm a size 10 and the large fit perfectly. I like my clothes a little loose too.


Super cute and flowy. It was the perfect dress to wear on my honeymoon in Jamaica. Comfortable, soft material that was very cool yo wear in hot temperatures. The only draw back is the million tiny buttons that go up the whole dress. It takes some patience to button them all to wear this garment.


The dress is very cute.  But the fit was wrong.  The waist is too big and the top of the dress is too tight.  I had 3 other friends try it on because they also thought it looked great on the hanger as well, but fit all of us wrong.


LOVE LOVE LOVE this dress! I get compliments when I wear it, feels lovely and hangs nicely on the body.


Not sure if somebody previously returned this item, but when I received, it was bunched up in a ball and turned inside out.  A tassle on the front of the dress is missing. I'm going to see if I can work with it as I need a dress for 8.18.  Otherwise I think it will be a nice dress once it's cleaned and pressed.


Beautiful dress! Well made, and fits as expected. I love the material, and it is light without being sheer. I think I will get another one in the spring.


