This dress was beautiful but it was unfortunately too small on my arms/bust area! I couldn't even pull it completely over my chest and I ordered up in an XL to ensure it fit! I'm so bummed it didn't. I had to return it. I don't think I want to go through the trouble of re-ordering.


(Using my husbands accobut) Really cute but I found it runs big. I usually wear a medium but it was too big so I exchanged for a small and still too big. I decided to return it and went with a different dress instead.


I've always been a bit iffy about purchasing dresses online. However, I came across this dress on Amazon and just loved the print. After reading the reviews I just had to have it. It did need a good ironing (low heat setting) to get out all the wrinkles, but once they were out I was ready to wear it. Beware, you will need wear a slip underneath as fabric is slightly sheer. Other than that you will be extremely happy with this purchase. I have received nothing but compliments when wearing this dress and couldn't be happier with this purchase.


I gave this 3 stars because I do like the dress but it has a lot of loose threads that I'm afraid to pull off because I'm afraid it will pull a hole in it. It's not sewn together very well and it IS very long... I would say if you are not 5'7 or 5'8 don't buy this dress unless you're going to want to wear high heels. I will definitely wear this very pretty dress but will wear a slip in case it rips open.


This dress is so lightweight, the print is so cute and the fabric ISN'T see-through, yes!  The buttons are kiiinda small, but nbd.  I wish the drawstring was actually utilized vs being decoration.  Other than that, can't wait to use this dress up!  For references, I wear a 36C, am 5'10" and I purchased a Large and the length was great.  Not too short.


I personally was really iffy about ordering a dress, or any article of clothing off of amazon. But this is actually pretty damn nice. Shipping came exactly as expected. There were no tears, loose strings, nothing of the sort. I ordered a large since i dont like my clothes to stick to me and I was afraid this may shrink after a few washes. As a 5'4 130lb (21% body fat) individual, with a more curvy figure, this fit so nice, it really slims you down while flowing all around. I do feel though that the size was more of a medium than a large... so I wanna say, to be on the safe side, size up. The skirts are like only a bit long, with heels of any size or even sandals to be honest it will be fine. I know for a fact I want to buy more in the future. I highly recommend this, its pretty good quality, something you could find at H&M or Forever 21. (:


I bought this as a maternity dress and it fits beautifully, it's very flowy. Unfortunately as I took it out of the bag one button fell off and upon closer inspection it was missing another button and one of the button loops was broken.  I'm disappointed because it does look beautiful on. I might try a different dress in the future but for now I'll be returning this one. I'll update if I replace it or buy another.


I am FEELING MYSELF in this dress. So elegant and summery. It does run large, so just be aware when buying. I am 5'4'' 150 pounds and the small fits and then some. Which is a great confidence boost, but will be annoying for smaller women who order expecting a real small.


This dress is pure rayon, and flows like liquid when you walk. Feels really bohemian-elegant. I got for nursing (just unbutton one or two at the top). Agree with other reviews that a short slip or leggings underneath is key, given the high slit/transparency of the fabric. Looks cute with sandals in summer or a scarf and booties in fall.  Figure flattering (5'5" usually XS in clothes, which is the size I ordered), especially after baby.


I bought a small (5'3", 120 lbs) but it still seemed a little big. I liked the design and it looked good on the other reviewers photos, but the material was the kind that wrinkles very easily. I wanted this dress for a vacation, and didn't want to have to worry about looking all wrinkled. Also, I'm very flat chested so the V neck became a very deep V and I thought it made me look even flatter. Cute concept, just not a right fit this time. I returned it.


