The dress is absolutely Beautiful but Very small in the shoulders, bust


 & sleeves but I do sew & it is long enough for me to take some material from the bottom & alter it .. I wish they would have had a larger size tho XX Large was the largest they had.


I must add that I washed it & it really shrunk


Super cute, but way too long for me! I'm 5'3", bought the small, and even in five inch platforms, the dress was generously touching the floor. The bottom of the dress is quite heavy because of all the material, which means it probably won't blow all too hard if there's a breeze. It's super flattering, but I would recommend only purchasing it if you're thinking about being at least 5'8" that day, or of you're okay with getting it hemmed at least an inch.


Great dress! I just had a baby 6 weeks ago and I was looking for a cute dress with easy boob access. It’s super light and flowy. For this first time since I had my baby I am able to wear something practical and I feel sexy. Beautiful print and a lot better then I thought it would be. There are some frayed pieces down the buttons but I just clipped them off so not a problem. Super pretty for the price. I’m 5’7 and 180 ordered an XL. It’s pretty loose and roomy for me. I. Love. This. Dress! I am considering buying this dress in a few different colors!


Based on the size chart provided by the seller, though I normally wear a large, I ordered an XL (ego buster).  It fit beautifully.  It did come pretty wrinkled in package but after I ironed it it was beautiful.  Very flowy and comfortable.  Love the dress.


Love love! I got a small and it's a tad sack-like around the torso, but I expected that so no biggie. Adding a belt and bralette perfects the look. I'm 5.2 and it doesn't drag, but it's mega close to it. I do highly recommend a slip since I'm pretty sure everyone can see your shiz in the sun, unless you're cool with that. I'm a 36A it fits wonderfully.


I did have to sew the center seam down a little so it would not open above the knee and I sewed it up just a little more at the neckline so I would not be showing so much cleavage. But I was willing to do it. It is a cute style. I am 5'6", 125lbs, 32B and the small was too big and way too long. The x-small was a much better fit.


I love this dress so much!  It is super comfy and fits great!  I ordered the black 3/4 sleeves.  It is a little more bright orange than I expected, but still so so pretty.  I did follow the other reviewers suggestions and ordered up (I ordered an XL).  I am currently pregnant and this dress looks so cute with or without the bump!  I plan on ordering in other colors as well.  I am 5'6", 180 lbs for reference.


Well made, beautiful fabric, got compliments immediatele when I wore it. I ordered and xtra large and even though it fits, I should have ordered a 2xtra large for a better fit. I'm 5ft 9 inches tall and 230 lbs and it looks very flattering on me. I plan to buy all of these dresses in different colors. Absolutely love!!!!


Looks great on the hanger; terrible on the bod.  I am tall and curvy and it looked like I was wearing curtains/drapes.  If you are a size 2 like the model, maybe it would look right.  The sleeves are shorter than pictured and very tight.  Just not a flattering fit at all.  Off to Goodwill it goes.  Got caught in Florida during Hurricane Irma; to late to return.


I love this dress. I've gotten a lot of compliments on it. It's light for the summer it's good for every day or wearing to a dress-up occasion. I ordered a small the first time but it was kind of big, so I ordered an extra small the next time and gave the small to my niece because she loved it so much.


