Love this dress! It is lightweight and comfortable. I wore it to drinks with my friend one day then to work the next and received countless compliments. I typically wear large, and bought large. It is a bit loose, but I think a medium would have been too tight on my arms.


Beautiful dress! The top is pretty tight on my chest area I ordered a XXL (I am a 40 DD) to be safe and while it fits I definitely won't be doing any stretching in this thing. I love the strip of fabric and buttons in the bodice it camouflages the gapping. The buttons also stop way too high for me I am 5' 10" and there is no way I can wear this without giving everyone a free show. I will have to sew it a few more inches at the bottom. It doesn't come with any tags or care info which is frustrating since it comes very wrinkled! Overall I am happy and I would buy again.


Very long and flowy, I wore in multiple ways...dress and swimsuit coverall!


A bit too long to wear with flats, that's what I was going to wear with the dress.  more like a 3 inch heel would do.  The dress is pretty.


My only complaint is that the dress arrived with one of the tasseled cords pulled out and completely missing. If it had been in the package I could have sewed it back on, as it is I'll have the cut the other one off and fix frayed threads.


The dress is as pictured and fits well. It's just a smidge too long for me in flats (I'm 5'2"). It's comfortable, flows well, and seems like it would be universally flattering.


Runs way too small. I ordered a larger size, but it was like they put the xs size arms. Very bummed because it was so beautiful otherwise.


Very disappointed because although I ordered an extra large the arms and shoulders are about the size of a small.  I’m 5’7 and wear a size 16.  The dress would fit fine if the arms and shoulders were not skinny like a size small. I can often wear L shirts but couldn’t get my arms though the tiny arms of this garment.


I read that it ran somewhat small so I ordered a size up but it's a bit big. I don't think the sleeves are too small like some people said. Would order your normal size. Somewhat cheap material and buttons, but not a bad price for a cute dress.


Love this dress! Is a tad short, I'm 5'7, got a medium. Make sure you do NOT dry this in the dryer. Hang to dry or it will definitely shrink. It is so breathable, flowy, comfy, bbuttons are a nice touch too.


Okay dress, however, cheap quality for the Price! Pattern is nice, size small fits good but paper thin material, will need to wear an under garment as no lining. And, one sleeve is a WHOLE INCH SHORTER THAN THE OTHER! How does that happen? This would've been a winner if the seller(s) chose higher quality fabrics and better construction.


