Love love love this dress - the color was not my first choice but they didn't have the one i wanted in my size. Will definitely buy another one.


Still beautiful and comfy, just a bit too big. The seller was prompt and courteous with the return. I would buy from them again.


Beautiful dress and comfortable material, but the shoulders, arms and bust were tight.  I'm afraid if I sized up, the waist and skirt portion would be HUGE.  I sent it back, but one of these days might order a dress up about two sizes and see what I end up with.


This dress would have been sooo cute but it's too short.  I feel like it is meant to fall at the ankles like in the picture, but instead came to my mid calf.  It just looked dumb. I"m only 5'4 and 125 so I ordered a small and thought it would be longer.


Love the dress I should have went with my normal size instead of a size up. I wear M and went with a Large to be safe and its too long and wide.


I am 5'2 (140 lbs)


This dress is nice and comfortable, very flowy.  I have big arms so the sleeves were tight on me, I will make adjustments to them and keep the dress, because it really like it.  I wear a size 16 and ordered an XL, don't think I would go up a size.


I get so many compliments on this dress !


I'm disappointed because the dress is so pretty, and fits perfectly. However, the material is quite sheer (avoid wearing this in direct sunlight) and it wrinkles within ten minutes of putting it on. I'm keeping it for nighttime events, but I'm overall not certain I would buy it again.


Beautiful dress. I'm 5'7" and 130lbs the L fits well. The waistband is elastic so it's not too loose. It's long enough to wear with high heels. The only bad thing is it's 100% viscose, so it's not washable.


Beautiful dress. Form fitting on the top and lots of fabric in the skirt portion. Very feminine looking and a stunning color, more mustard looking than yellow. It arrived folded and had lots of creases, which ironed out easily.  Great value. Absolutely love it! If your not sure of size, order up as, in my estimation, it runs on the small side.


