I LOVED this dress as soon as I put it on. Unfortunately it ripped along the seem in several places after only wearing it three times! As far as fit, it has a looser fit so order a size down if you want it to be tight. I ordered to size and was happy with how "flowy" it was.


I love Milumia dress, I have about 10 dresses if this brand, but same sizes always fit different, sometimes too small on the arms sometimes too small on the chest, ans I have to say that Im really disapointed because ALL my dresses shrunk on the lenght, not only 1 or 2 inches but 4 or 5 inches and I did not machine dry them, I hand wash a d air dry.


I still wear the dresses but does nit have the same effect now that they are shorter :(


Love this dress! I wore it to a summer wedding and got so many compliments. I got an XXL based on the sizing chart, but I probably could have gotten an XL. I have DD breasts and there was plenty of room in the chest. I am 5'5" so it was a tad bit long but with heels it was perfect.


Love this dress it is super comfy and cute


If you like flowy then you would love this comfortable dress. Time consuming button process. I'm 5'6 and this dress touch the bottom.


I've been looking for a skirt like this for about a year! It's super long, flowy, and by far the best quality item of clothing I've found on Amazon. I'm 6'7" with a short torso and the length is just to the floor high waisted in the XL size. I'm definitely ordering in more colors <3


Everyone loved the dress. I loved the dress. It was well made and very pretty. However,  I bought the red one and when I washed it the red faded into the white flowers. I was VERY disappointed. i washed it in cold and hung it to dry.  I loved the dress and it looked great. If I had another one, I would get it dry cleaned.


so for me it was a one time wear. :(


Fits alright.  Some of the button loops are looser than others so there are gaps. I'll probably have to stitch a few.  It needs a slip under with the button gaps.


Fits just a tad small , so recommend sizing up , plus it'll be more flows . Kinda stiff crinkle feel , but I wore a silk came and it was fine . Really cute and I got a lot of compliments.


I absolutely ADORE this dress! It was purchased for engagement photos and it really was exactly what I was looking for. I would have given the dress a 5 start review but the material had absolutely no "stretch" or give, so the arms were a little tight, making it slightly uncomfortable. If I had more time I would have taken it to a seamstress quick to let out the sleeves. Otherwise, love the dress!


