Very cute dress. Wore it to a wedding and received lots of compliments. I will say that the front is pretty low so be prepared for a good amount of cleavage. Also, the only part of the dress that stretches is the waist area, otherwise the fabric really don't give much so I would say it fits pretty true to size. When I opened the dress to try it on, one of the hanging strings in the front fell off, it must have been pretty poorly sewn on. There were also a few strings sticking out all over the dress but this is expected for the price paid, I just snipped off the visible ones. Overall, the dress is very flattering and fits a curvy shape. I love the flowy component. I'm 5'2 and had to pull out my 5 inch wedges to avoid tripping on the dress so short women beware. All in all, I think you will be happy with the purchase, I recommend it!


Love love love this dress! We went on a trip to Venice and it was the perfect dress! Everyone commented on it, and a few people with a camera kept following us everywhere we went in Piazza San Marco and took pictures of me. Lol


Its the perfect summer dress, mine was showing no cleavage. I am 18weeks pregnant so I ordered a Large, but probably a Medium, even a Small would've worked, but I kept this one so I can grow into it.


Most likely I will like in it this summer!


Love this dress!!! I am currently 24 weeks pregnant and bought this dress for a shoot & it came and looked exactly like the picture.  I read other reviews that said the dress runs small so I ordered two sizes up, normally am A large but I got the XXL and it fit me perfect with my belly!!


Absolutely love this dress. I'm 5'5 a size 12/14 and the large fit me perfectly.  It's light weight and so great for spring and summer.  I just ordered a 2nd one in a different print!!


Even though this dress fits me great, I think it runs somewhat large as I am not a small/short person and think the small would be huge on a small, thin woman. I'm a shade under 5'9" and slender. The length is perfect for a low wedge or flats (I don't do heels). I need a cami under it as if you bend down you get a birds eye view of what's going on underneath. The only negative is the string that hangs in front has already started to unravel, but in my opinion it looks better without it so I just tucked it in (another option - cut it off) and problem solved. Overall, pretty nice.


I call this my 'Garden Dress' because the light green print looks like a pretty garden. This is one of those dresses that is prettier in person. The color and print are lovely and perfect for summer. The flowers on the light green dress are so vibrant. The fit is great as the elastic waist makes me look thinner and the bottom part has volume and flow. I felt confident and pretty after wearing this and received compliments for the dress. The material is light and so soft. There are buttons from top to bottom that I had to close individually but once it was done, I could easily slip the dress over my head. As per fit, I ordered a small and it was true to fit. I am usually a size small in most brands. I am 5'3 and the length of this dress is perfect for me even with flat footwear. So no alterations required. It is a good choice for a summer party or attending a wedding.


I received a free sample in exchange of my honest opinion.


I looove it! I usually wear a medium but ordered a large based on other reviews. Probably could have done a medium but this fits great too! It's gorgeous! I snipped off some extra random threads but hey, the dress was only $30! Didn't mind one bit!


Gorgeous dress! Absolutely in love with it. Needs steaming/ironing, trimming off threads sticking out of the hem, otherwise pretty well-made for the price. Will need a slip/light, thin bloomers for this print (I got the "beige" one). A little loose (I got a small, I am 36C, 135lbs, 5'2), but the fabric is thin and flowy that it sits/falls well on my curves; also the length is perfect when I wear the dress with heels, a bit long when I wear flats. I think an XS would've hugged much better.


Still a great buy! Will definitely buy another! Possibly in the same print and another :)


I love the dress but instead of describing it, I'm just going to leave my sizing information as a guidepost to help others decide which way to go.


I am 5'7" 150 lbs. Bra size 34D, jean size 10, shirt size med/large depending on the shirt.


My body type is thicker through the middle with average/smaller size arms and legs. I took a chance on the medium, because I felt like this type of dress would become shapeless and unflattering if it was too big. Medium fit me perfectly.


Hope this helps!


I LOVE this dress!!! It is very comfy and is so pretty and flowy. The print is gorgeous and looks so much better in person! I got a XXL because my chest area is pretty large and I'm a little curvy. Not too tight, it's a very comfortable fit. I am 5' 6 and this dress is a perfect length. It is long but not too long where it drags on the ground! The fabric is very soft and flows well. The fabric also seems to be pretty light, so I think it'll be a nice dress in the spring or summer. The dress I got is a dark navy so you can't really see through it at all. I can't wait for nice weather so I can wear it! The second color I received is the light colored floral one and it's the same exact dress and size, however, the bottom hem is all uneven and quite a bit shorter than the darker dress. It also has buttons on the inside and the first dress did not. Weird but overall love the dark lilly pattern dress didn't really like the second color I got cause the dress was different.


