the upper arm area is a bit tight.  length is perfect just above the ankle. chest area is just right.  I am 5' 8" and 178 lbs and am a small "C" cup. ordered a large.


I was worried it would be a little snug in the chest by following the size chart provided, but I ordered anyway and had no issues! There's a flap of extra fabric that protects from anything peaking out. I am so happy with this dress I think I'll order a few more in different colors.


It is a nice enough dress. Just a little tight which is fine.


This dress is great! Super flattering! I purchased the navy floral w/ 3/4 sleeves. Don't overthink the size -- just use their size chart and you'll be fine. I know all those x's are depressing, just cut the tag out and look fabulous!


I loved this dress! I'm 5'3 and it was perfect length also such a good dress for a hot day!


I’m a size 14/16 and just gave birth 4 weeks ago and needed something to fit my new bulging belly and hips. XL Fits perfectly. Was worried about the arms not fitting, it is a little tight but I’m able to still maneuver fine. Ready to buy a second dress!!


LOVE this dress. Just note that it buttons all the way down, so you'll need some kind of slip underneath. Love the pattern & the way it fits. Perfect for in the Fall and even cool enough to rock in the Summer.


I really loved this dress, it fit as expected. My only complaint was after the first wash the tassels started separating and falling apart.


I love love love this dress. It fit me pretty good even tho I feel I am a little big for my size. I am about 5’4” and weigh 185 pounds, i fit when I weighed 200 pounds. Don’t be afraid to buy it. Large fit me better than XL, the XL had a defect in my case. 1 star less just bc it wrinkles and it is a bit pricey to only have adequate material


Button on sleeve missing right out of the box,  my wife wanted it wear it to a graduation out of state. So she couldn't wear it she was very disappointed as well as I because it looked really good on her.


