VERY SMALL, tight in the arms, AWFULLY TIGHT IN THE BREASTS, XXL in reality is more like a medium.


Fabric is NOT stretchy.


I love, love this dress. I received so many compliments Thank you very much. The dress was what I expected and more.


Beautiful dress,  very forgiving due to the elastic waist, but just like lots of plus sizes the sleeves are too small.  I will have to alter the sleeves.  I wear 1x-2x and ordered a 2x.


Love this dress!  I bought it to wear at my Dad's beach wedding and received comments from complete strangers on the beach.  I initially ordered a small but had to return it for an extra small which fit perfectly.  I am 5 ft tall and 225 lbs and the extra small was definitely the way to go.


I was in love with this dress but it is not holding up in the wash at all, after two washes it's already fraying and faded.


This dress is beautiful! I was afraid that the design would look too 'tropical' in person, but it does not. The color variation in the flowers gives it a very artsy feel.


The fit is a little large. I ordered a large, which is the size I wear in most things. I would not want the dress to be tight, or even form fitting. The front looks pretty low though, but nothing a lace top couldn't cover up.


This is a beautiful dress, but I'm very disappointed. I chose size XL by using the highly inaccurate sizing chart. It didn't fit my chest and was too tight on my shoulders. My sister is a size 10/12 and it barely fit her chest.


Absolutely love this dress. I was pleased to see that as the buttons near the chest, there is extra fabric behind the buttons so you can’t see through them. It takes a while to button it from top to bottom but it provides great coverage if that’s what you want. Can’t wait to wear it this summer!


The dress is true to size.  The backing behind buttons goes only to high thigh. Wear a slip.


I am 5’8” but it seems a bit too long for me. Will still keep it but will have to adjust the length.


