Although this dress was a bit loose around the waist, I loved the colors enough to keep it. This dress is quiet comfy, very easy to pack for international travel(doesn’t take up much space), playful and fun, but easy to wear with tights for a warmer outfit. This was the perfect combination of fun and adevntours for a photoshoot in Ireland, and was a great “outing” dress to travel with. Although the fabric had a few extra threads coming out when purchased, they were easy enough to trim off, and didn’t unthread the dress. For the price, was to be expected the tie ends don’t hold up well after washing, but could be cut off or combed out.


Pretty design. I got the black floral print. Forgot their  "fancy name". Fabric was thinner than expected and didn't fit my boob area in a flattering way.


I wear a 38DDD.


I ended up going up a size in the orange color and still did not fit good in the breast area. So I returned both


(First size bought was XL. Second size bought was XXL.)


I generally wear between a size 16 and 18.


I bought this dress to wear to my high school reunion.


I'm 130lbs and 5'4" and it was long on me even with 2in wedges (didn't feel like wearing 4in heels). The small fit me well everywhere, except the sleeves, they were tight (which is weird since I don't have large arms), and the material is not one that has any give.


I'm not sure if sizing up would have helped at all, as I fear it would have just made the dress longer on me and I certainly don't want that.


It was cute and the neckline accentuated my chest nicely, but I'll have to be careful to wash cold/delicate and hang dry, as I know dresses in this material will shirk if washed in warm/hot water.


Love love love for this princess dress. It makes you feel like a princess. My wife got lots and lots of compliments when she was out in dress.


My Wife loved this dress, We even ordered different prints in same dress.


She liked the color and style a lot. Dress is made of 100% Rayon. V-Neck, Half Sleeve/ Short Sleeve,Floral Print


Regular Fit Machine Washable only thing need to take care is do not bleach.


It is very soft cloth and good for summer dressing.


Best dress ever - words of my wife. Already recommended to many friends and many asked their self.


Please click yes if you like the review.


Thanks!!!


Very pretty dresses! The price is a bit steep...especially for the kind of fabric you're buying. There's the odd string here and there hanging out lol. And please don't make the mistake I made and wash your dress with fabric softner!!! Mine shrunk! And some threads were coming out too! Thankfully, I fixed it all. If yours shrinks, try the hair conditioner trick. Literally pour half a bottle of conditioner and wash it in only that and lightly tug and pull as you air dry it and everything should be back to normal. I'm a size 12 to 14 (US) I bought two dresses. The cream or beige one in a Large (this is the one that shrunk lol) and a yellow one in an XL.


This dress is just AMAZING! It fits like a glove. Buy this dress FROM MILUMIA ONLY. There are other sellers with the same dress a little cheaper but the material is different. Milumia the dress is made of 100% RAYON.


This is a super cute dress, very comfy HOWEVER!!!  i got completely embarrassed when one of the party guest tells me that my dress had a rip. Half way into a party, some one noticed that  my dress had a rip under the armpit. it did not get caught on anything it was simply that the material is to thin. I did Love the dress but i dont think $30 for a few hrs of wearing it is worth the price.  I will contact the seller to either replace or get refunded.


Pretty dress. Not as sheer as others have said. I liked the fabric & the weight/feel of it. I'm 5'3", and it was ankle length on me. The v-neck is rather deep too. I'd feel self conscious without a camisole.


I should have looked more closely at the pictures, but the buttons, oh, wow, the buttons. There are so many. And the hook for the buttons is a stretchy loop. I did not have faith in those loops. There is just a small modesty panel in the chest area, held with just two buttons.


If there are going to be a million buttons, then it'd be great if it wasn't already missing some when it arrived. And you'd think that given the quantity of buttons that were there, you wouldn't notice a missing button near the bottom of the dress. You'd be incorrect, though. There were loops on both sleeves, but no buttons. Not sure if they were just rogue loops, or if I was missing 4 more buttons. Not worth tracking down buttons, so it's going back.


I'm 5' tall, a 2/4 pant, but a 34DDD, so I have a hard time finding dresses that fit correctly. I bought the large on the recommendation of some other chesty ladies that ordered the same dress. It's GORGEOUS and fits perfect. It just sweeps the ground. The material is nice and light. Perfect for summer. I was pleasantly surprised as it does fit so well and looks exactly like the picture... you never know these days right?!


I ordered this dress in black b/c I loved the print. I’m 5’6” 160lbs bra 36C. The large turned out to be too big but I wore I anyway w/ a belt. Sooo comfy! I order the Med short sleeve in the light green which looks light blue to me and it fits so great!! The bust is smidge tight and slightly pulls on the buttons but it’s so pretty I don’t even care if I have to wear a slip underneath.Really flattering!


