This dress is really comfortable and flows nicely.  I got it to wear to the beach on our vacation, and I'm in love with the way it fits!  I did add a few stitches to close up the open neckline just a tad, but that's a just a personal preference thing.  It's very low cut, so I just modified it to my own personal taste and comfort.  Love this dress otherwise!


Definitely order a size larger than normal, which is what I did after reading reviews. I absolutely love this dress & I got so many compliments on it at the wedding I wore it to. I will likely buy in multiple colors!


So flowy. Such a breezy dress. I have the cream color and the black. I wear belted. Fabric prints are exactly as pictured. Fitted top, elastic waist, small pearl button front. I am 5ft 8 and the dress at the ankles. Moves very nicely when you walk.


This dress is a hit!  Very flowy.  Got tons of compliments.  Good Material, I will be buying more of them in different colors.  I am 5'3, 186lbs  I bought the XL and it fit great.  It is on the long side, so you have to wear heals or wedges.


I love the feel of the fabric and the print. I wear it because of these factors. However I don't think it's cut the most flattering for my body. I caught a woman looking at me sideways the other day while I was wearing this. Was she trying to figure out if I was pregnant? Not sure. But the gathered part of this dress is not adjusted properly for the sizing, so the gathered waist part starts at the bust rather than below it. Thus it doesn't draw in appropriately and gives off a somewhat dowdy shape.


I love that you can buy so many pretty dresses on Amazon now (or maybe I am late to the game). This is a really pretty dress and fits really well. I would say the material is what you would expect for the price- it definitely won't last you 10 years, but good enough for a few wears. I haven't worn this dress out yet, but I am only a little worried about the loops for the buttons and hoping they don't come undone/unattached. Other than that, this is a keeper.


Color, fit is excellent, love the dress, very happy with the buy


I really want to love this dress, but it is big. I am 5'2" 104lbs & traditionally wear a 00p/XXSp. The description States the waist of the dress is 20inches, it is not. The waist is elastic. The hem is uneven as others have noted, but I anticipated that for the price and can easily fix. For the most part the dress just touches the top of my foot without dragging except for a 10inch section on the left side. I had hoped for a slimmer fit, but it fits me a little bagily much like it does the models on amazon. I purchased this as a nursing mother for a light weight spring & summer dress that I can nurse in, for that purpose it works. It is easy to button & unbutton one handed!


It broke my heart to have to return this dress. I loved the style, the material, and the pattern.  I just don't know whom it was supposed to fit.  I marked it as too small, but it was also too large, i.e. the waist felt loose but the bust was snug and the shoulders were worse. It seemed like the dress kept getting smaller as it worked its way up until it turned into a strait-jacket. But a very pretty one!


I wanted this soooooo bad. But my body is shaped like Dolly Parton, small waist, big knockers. I have DD's, a size 10 waist, and 5'3" if that helps. :( so sad. I will be sending it back, but the fabric feels great, is long too, the arms a little tight. I so so wanted this to work I even got a top to put underneath but no way looks to off to work.


