Received so many compliments! Love how comfortable and lightweight this dress is. I plan on ordering another one. Love it! My new favorite dress.


I love this dress!


I ordered this dress in a medium and it was to large so I had to send back for a small. The small fits perfect


I am 5'3 and around 135 pounds, the dress is long but with a pair of cute wedges it was perfect!


I like this dress...expect the space between the bust and waistline isn't long enough...I'm busty and I needed a little more room...however I have undergarments that are a nice solution... so the dress works for me. I love the flowiness and the fabric. A good vintage feel for me.


This is a long post, but if you can't stop considering this dress like I did, but are hesitant -- I hope it helps you! Reading other reviews really helped me out.


I LOVE these dresses! I was looking for some flowy, comfortable dresses that were still very pretty. I compulsively looked through the images posted by other purchasers and read the reviewers. I decided to pull the trigger and I'm so happy I did! When I decide which size I'm keeping, I'll upload some pics, too. These dresses are so versatile. When I put them on I immediately could imagine so many places you could wear this dress and it would fit in perfectly: To work (yes!), church, brunch, baby shower, outdoor wedding, casual outings, dinner party, anywhere. You can dress this up or down with accessories, your hair style, shoes. You could even put a shorter cardigan over this dress and wear a belt for an entirely different look.


I'm always a little hesitant about buying clothes online from a brand I've never bought before. You never know what size will work. Plus, I'm busty and this dress has buttons (the enemy of anyone 'blessed' with big boobs). The good news is...if this dress has caught your attention, I'm certain you can find one of these you will love.


 Here are some things I hope might help you in your decision:


1. I am about 5'8 and while I'm not super overweight, I'm not hitting the exercise routine every day like I used to. I could stand to drop about 20 lbs. I normally wear size 12 pants and sometimes a 14 depending on the style and fit. Most of my shirts are L or XL depending on the stretch and cut. I am naturally busty. My best bra size if the brand goes up to bigger cup sizes with smaller bands is a 36F. If I can't find that sizing, I can get away with a 36DDD or 38DD.  If the shirt or dress doesn't have any stretch in it, or if there are buttons involved (God, buttons!), I need a 14 dress so my boobs don't don't look like I'm stuffing them in a sausage casing. :) For those who fit this kind of profile, I hope this helps.


2. I read in a lot of reviews to go up a size if you're busty. Out of caution, I ordered a XXL. I don't own any other clothing that is an XXL, but ladies..it's not about the size but more about finding the right fit! Both dresses I ordered (see below) seem to fit pretty well with that size. If I kept this size, it would work fine and still be flattering. If you need a dress in a hurry and don't have time to exchange and you're bigger on top, I would err on the side of caution.


There is no tightness in the chest area -- there is enough fabric to fit nicely around my bust line without having too much fabric there. The sleeves are not too tight and they don't cause any arm bulge, so all is good there.


3. Because my boobs are big though, I really like to have a decent fitting waistline to accentuate the natural curves of my body. If you're thicker in general, there's a fine  line between having enough fabric and so much fabric that you look bigger than you really are. In this dress I think I could have gotten away with an XL, the normal size I wear in a dress of this nature.


 If I were in a hurry and didn't have time to exchange, I would just keep this one. If fits that well. I'm not in a hurry though, so I'm going to order a XL and then decide which one I want to keep. Because I got a size up, there is a little more fabric than I need in the area right beneath my bust-line moving into my waistline. I have a shorter torso and this may be why.


The fabric  has a little stretch to it anyway, and the middle of the dress has that elastic style bunching around it which makes it even more stretchy. I like things just fitted enough to be comfortable, but not so much extra fabric that I look bigger and less shapely than I can look otherwise.


4. Busty ladies - You know how sometimes when there is that elastic band waistline, it can start to ride up and end up clinging to part of your boobs? That hasn't happened with the XXL in the short sleeve green floral, but is very slightly happening on the beige floral 3/4 length XXL I bought. Not enough to be a deal breaker, but just saying. I'd considered trying a belt or sash around the waist and keeping XXL in the 3/4 length, but you can't wear a sash or belt if the elastic waist  part is bunching around your boobs.


5. I'm always a fan of a v-neck - it's just more flattering on my body type. This is no exception. The v-neck is not super deep though so it's still modest enough while still being very pretty and feminine.  Beginning at the top of the dress all the way down to about your knees, there are small buttons fastened with tiny loops all the way down. I think this is a nice detail. I found the v-neck is a little deeper on the 3/4 beige floral dress. I have those faux lace panels you can strap to your bra to cover your cleavage with certain shirts. When I tried it with that, it was nice and actually very pretty with the lace and the vintage style and color of the beige floral dress.


6. I read some complaints about the fabric being too thin and cheap. I DISAGREE. My take is that yes...you will need a slip for extra coverage and also because of the button design I just described. I tried these on with my nude slip that goes to my knees and there is no issue with it being see-through then. I don't think this makes the fabric cheap though. It's not THAT thin.  I have other clothing that is high quality and still you have to wear something underneath or it's see-through, particularly with lighter color fabrics.


This fabric is light-weight with a slight stretch. There is extra fabric along the sides of the dress at the bottom and this adds to the fullness (and flowyness) of the dress. I think it's the lightness of the fabric and cut that gives it that beautiful, romantic feel. It moves and sways when you walk or when the breeze blows. If you love that kind of thing, this dress is your dream dress. It's right up my alley, so I love it.


7. The fabric and cut is what makes it so lovely. I live in Texas too, so I love the idea of a lighter weight dress I can wear in this terrible humidity (yes...even sometimes in winter months). The buttons actually provide a way for some air to make it's way through to your core. The flowyness is more comfortable in any kind of warm weather.


8. I bought the short sleeve 'green' color dress with the light blue/green and floral pattern. It was that color and pattern combo that caught my attention and led me to purchase. The pattern is beautiful and so is the color. It is a beautiful 'garden dress' and looks just as it appears in the photo.  I also bought one in the 'beige' floral pattern. That one is a very pretty pattern, too. Both of those are very vintage like patterns.I plan to keep both and also to get one of the 3/4 sleeves in the darker colors. You could just wear them so much!


9. I had zero issues with holes in the fabric, lots of loose threads or buttons. They came very neatly packed in zipped, thick plastic bags. They arrived on time and undamaged.


I hope this review helps those of you who love the idea of this dress, but afraid your dreams of the perfect garden dress will stop there. This really is your dress!


Love this dress. I bought a small and it is a little large in the waist.


Beautiful for the price. Would repurchase in other colors.


If your're purchasing it to have it buttoned all the way up, be prepared to look like a 6th grade science teacher from 1994.


I LOVE this dress. It's definitely cheaply made, but I knew that when I bought it. The color is beautiful. I am a size 8/10 and the Medium fits perfectly.


This is my favorite dress that I have bought on Amazon. The fit is so flattering and I love the flowy skirt. Perfect in every way.


