I typically wear L - XL in dresses (size 14) depending on the style. I am 5'7" and 38C/D. This dress came to my lower to mid calf.


I ordered both a short-sleeved Large and a long-sleeved Extra Large and hoped for the best. The large fit surprisingly well. I often have a hard time with the arms, but didn't fee constricted in this. The elastic was nice around the waist, but I did not fit in the bust. I was so sad! Someone with similar sizing to me but with a smaller bust would definitely enjoy the Large. The bust of the XL fit fine (although the button loops are cheap and I could tell they were already stretching from one use), but because of sizing up, I didn't feel like the elastic was tight enough - it was a little too roomy and baggy for me compared to the smaller size and I didn't feel like it did me any favors. I really wanted it to fit, but I just didn't feel pretty in the larger size so I am returning both.


This is a super comfortable dress. I really like that the loops for the buttons are elastic. This keeps the long row of buttons from feeling binding and gives plenty of movement and breathing room. It's great as a coverup at the beach or pool, but it can also hold its own as a regular dress. I wear a tank top underneath since it opens pretty low.


I took off a star because the sleeves on both sizes that I got are pretty tight. I'm also going to have to get it hemmed (with a serger, since it's lightweight), since I don't like sweeping debris wherever I go in it.


It's flowy and beautiful and now I need ALL the colors!


I'm 5'7", 145 lbs, C cup, usually a size 6/M, and I got the Medium in the 3/4 sleeve black floral print. It's floor length on me, and the elastic waist part is loose/not fitted, but the sleeves fit perfectly. They likely would have been too small if I'd gotten the small. The front v-neck ends right about at the center gore of my bra. I find that the bodice tends to shift and expose too much if I wear an underwire bra, but if I wear a bralette, it stays in place and is less scandalous. Just further proof that underwires are the devil's work, amirite?


Since a number of people said this was true to US size, I ordered a medium. It fit, but it looked and felt pretty tight in my chest and I can't stand too tight clothes. I exchanged it for a large and am so happy I did. It is a little long, but heels can fix that. Or, for the price of this, it would be worth getting it hemmed a little. I love long dresses like this.  Now I want more. But I'll wait and see how it washes before I do. Delivery was really fast and really appreciate the ease of return. This company will keep doing well if it keeps up such good work. Thank you!


I'm 5'1" around 160lbs (size 12 in most dresses) and I bought the large. It fits perfect and hides my stomach well! If you are tall, this will go above your ankles, so keep that in mind! I have gotten so many compliments on this dress that I ordered the light blue with short sleeves. In fact, my mother loved the dress so much, she asked that I order her 2!


It is so difficult for me to find clothes that are not too fitted and fit a shorter frame. I love that I can wear this in the summer and carry it over into early fall with some boots.


Buy it!! You will not regret it!


the fabric is beautiful.  the quality was fine.  But for me the bodice was- while not tight - not flattering.  and what I disliked most of all was that the little shirred waistline was about 2-3 inches too high.  I'd have to call it empire or something.  The height of the waist prevented the wearing of a belt which I had wanted to do.  I think to make it work I would have to go to a 2XL and then it might be too long.  I just decided to move in a different direction.  In the process, though, I bought another BoHo dress (in 2XL) and it fits perfectly and is not too long and the waist is where a waist is.  So who knows.  No doubt that this is a beautiful dress for the right frame - and maybe there is so much variation within one size that the force just told me to go in a different direction.  I got a "pencil dress" to wear to the wedding.  Short.  Ankle boots.  Semi-opaque hose.


UGLY!!! For that price I expected something decent. Came in such a terrible shape, like it spent years in someone's pocket... threads sticking everywhere, cheap white buttons that will take forever to replace. If I ever have time to do alterations on it to make it useable, I can only wear it around the house when nobody's home. Only my great grandma would appreciate something like this.


I bought this for my daughter, she absolutely loved it.  The only problem she had was that the slit was to high, we had to stitch it up a bit but would be perfectly fine for a beach dress.  She is 5'7" and it dragged on the floor so we washed it and dried it and it shrunk about 3 -4 inches which was good for us but if you want it to stay long or if you don't want it to shrink, definitely don't dry it.  She is wearing a Medium (after being washed and dried) and she loved the fit.


I was reluctant on buying this dress because I wasn't sure how the material would be. But I'm so glad I bought it! I'll just get to the point.


The good:


-Beautiful flowy dress.


-Good material (doesn't seem like cheap chiffon or spandex)


-Nice print


-Great fit and fall


The bad:


-The buttons  aren't aligned all the way down, I can tell the hoops are slightly above the buttons.


- It came all crinkled up, definitely need a good ironing.


- Plunging neckline (i'm putting this in the bad because I don't like my gals hanging out)


I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good affordable dress. I am planning to buy more.


I absolutely LOVE this dress. It fits small I usually wear a size S to M. I ordered a large and it is a little loose but hoping it will shrink in the wash. If not, I will return and get a M medium.  I'm 5' 4" 123 lbs. I bought a lot of dresses off Amazon and this one is my favorite.The material is light and comfortable. I would encourage if you are looking at this dress..BUY IT!!


OK  update.. I just washed this dress in Hot water and dried it. Now it fits better. The bottom shrunk about 2 inches which is fine because before it touched the ground. One thing I would suggest is wrapping the tassels with a rubber band before washing and drying so they dont get tangled together. Other than that it is lovely :)


