I am 5'8'' and 240lbs. I am a size 18 or 20 or XL usually. I ordered the XL. It fits everywhere in the skirt. It is too tight on my upper arms and my chest. The slit does start 4'' below the crotch. I am definitely going to need to modify. Also the buttons are the wrong color of white. They kind of clash with the other colors.


I get compliments EVERY TIME I wear this dress - every time! I bought two and about to go back for my third. It's comfy, breezy, and pretty! Several of my friends and clients have bought this dress, as well! :-P  I am 5'4" and ordered a Small.


This dress is exactly as pictured; I am so pleased with it. I hemmed it just an couple of inches because I wanted to the option to wear it with flats without the dress dragging on the ground (I like my maxi dresses long, but I do not like my dresses to touch the floor).


 It is incredibly comfortable and feminine. The skirt of the dress moves beautifully when you walk and it is lovely for the beach, festivals, dinner, bbqs, etc.  I have received many compliments from strangers every time I have worn it. It is now my spring and summer go to. You may choose to wear a tank underneath if the neckline is too low for your comfort level (but that is up to you!). Depending on the occasion, I have opted to wear a tank top or full coverage bralette underneath for a more modest neckline.


Also, the skirt can button down to your mid calf, or you may unbutton the skirt to reveal more leg. You may also wear the sleeves shorter than pictured  (it has a discrete button on the sleeve to roll it up for a slightly different look).


Very happy with this purchase!


If anything, I would say I probably should have sized down in this dress. I'm about a size 14 and ordered the XL. It's fitted in the waist with the elastic, but it could have definitely been tighter. It was also very long. I'm 5'4 and needed to wear 4 inch wedges to keep it off the ground. It's also a LOT of cleavage. Probably should have worn a cami or something to help tone that down. The top 2 or 3 buttons kept coming undone, so I"d realize I was pretty much flashing everyone. SO, I would probably be a little more careful next time with a black cami underneath.


The fabric was nice, soft. Maybe a bit see through. I did wear black fitted shorts underneath in case it was see-through. The floral pattern was really pretty. Received compliments.


I like this dress. Flattering cut and the perfect length. I am 5'3.5" (in bare feet) and the length is perfect. I can't tell you how happy I am to not need a seamstress for this. The dress is soft and lightweight. Thin material, yet I won't need a slip. Based off other reviewers, I originally purchased an XL. That was waaayyy too big on me in the bust and waist area. I returned that one and purchased the L size. It is still a bit big, but I am leery of trying a medium and it being tight. The manufacturer measurements indicate that a XL would be my size... but that is not true for me. I would rather have some room than be squeezed to death - especially since I like beer, ice cream, cake, burgers, etc. I digress. I am a size 10 in clothing and weigh 163lbs. I'm deducting one star for two reasons: sizing is off a bit and I haven't laundered it yet. I will come back to update after laundering since some people have mentioned shrinkage.


Love love LOVE this dress. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because there is some weird bunching along the waist line, almost like they had too much favors and just let it pop out. It's not too noticeable but it's a tad annoying. But man oh man do I feel GORGEOUS in this dress. Wore it to a wedding, compliments galore. Wore it to work, same. I'm going to order another. This is the dress dreams are made of.


I love this dress! I am 5'5 and 144 with bust at 34E. Ordered in XL. No pulling at bust as many button downs are. Maybe could get away with a large but the rest fit great. Many buttons but once they are buttoned you can leave it. Flows at skirt


I love this dress! It is flattering, light, and comfortable.  Before now, I was unable to wear maxi dresses because they are always too long for my 5'4" frame, by this one ends right at the bottom of my ankles.


I bought this dress in the orange color. I think it is even more beautiful than it appears in the pictures. I am 5'4, 34B and 120lbs, I can usually fall between a small and a medium. I bought the small and it has plenty of room (meaning it will not be tight at the top/ waist, but looks good/ comfortable). I only took away one star because one of the buttons is missing on the crotch area. I am going to have to take a button off the bottom and put it in that place.


It has a very slight sheerness to it, but if you wear solid nude undergarments, it should not be a problem.


On one hand, I absolutely adore the look of this dress. I love the way it flows, I like the design, I love the pattern. I'd wear it all the time if I could.


On the other... I can't wear it all the time. For one, the proportions can be a bit of a challenge. I'm a big busted girl, so while I could fit into the dress, the deep v-neck occasionally gets a little more raunchy than I would like, and the slit in the front goes so high that I actually sewed the two parts together a good two or three inches so I could cross my legs at work without raising any eyebrows. (I'm 5'8", so I think I'm roughly the same height as the model--and least, when I'm in heels the dress hits me at the same point as it hits her in the photo.) Also, the material is a little bit cheap; the string of the tassle in the front unraveled within the first three wears, and within four months it unraveled to the point where I can't wear it anymore.


That being said, I'm still giving the dress a full four stars just because I love the look of it so much, it flows so great when you walk (good luck not staring at yourself when passing shiny buildings), and for the price it's pretty decent! (I bought it on sale; I don't remember the exact price but it was under $35 when I got it.) In the four months I owned it I probably wore it eight or nine times at a wide variety of events and got lots of compliments.


