I have never gotten so many compliments on a dress before! Seriously wonderful quality and extremely beautiful product. I normally don't leave reviews, but please take my word for it when i say this is an amazing dress! i am 5'8'' with a large bust and a few curves and it fit perfectly. You will probably want to add a belt to go along with it and will definitely need a slip underneath. I ran to the store in this dress and people were literally stopping me to tell me how beautiful it was and one girl even pulled out her phone and bought the dress from amazon right in front of me!


This dress is BEAUTIFUL.  I'm about 5 foot 3,  And 145  . I got the large. And with boots with a heel. It will be perfect.  It's very float,  color is great. Has cute tassels.  Price very good.  Comfortable dress. Love it.  Must get one. Can't not be without this dress. May get another one , different color.  I'm Waring this to a wedding. , in October.


Size/fit/style was as expected, however, the material wrinkles very easily and mine came with a tiny hole in the seam (the seam missed the material, not a hole due to breakage).


Super cute, but not sure if it's worth having to iron the whole thing!! But, I suppose there's easier ways to take the wrinkles out.


I absolutely loved these dresses. I got it in the quarter sleeve cream color and the minty green short sleeve. I was a little tight in the chest area for the longer sleeves, but I'm larger in that area anyway so as soon as I wore it around a little bit..it stretched to how I liked it. I wore both to a music festival and got SO MANY COMPLIMENTS. The only thing is I'm so terrified to wash it because of the other shrinking reviews...might have to hand wash these for extra love and care.


I like the dress. It is comfortable and light. There are a lot of buttons, but once they are all buttoned it is mostly easy to slip on and off. The buttons are close together so with a bigger chest it is nice not to have “perk-a-boo” gaps in between the buttons.


Very lovely.  The XL just fit.  I am 6' 185 pounds.  The elastic under the bust line lets me sneak by without a bra sometimes.  It flows very nice.  I liked it enough that I ordered another one in a different color


Love it! 40DD wt is 200; the 2xl fit well. I had to sew up the button area a little in the chest area to keep it closed as it was a little too small. After a few stitches, it is perfect. Would recommend and purchase again.


I ordered a Small. I'm 5'4" and about 135 lbs. The dress is a great fit. it reaches to about 1" off the floor. It cinches above the waist because of the elastic banding, which gives the dress a nice shape without being too tight. The bottom of the dress flares nicely with all the additional material. The only drawback is that the buttons don't seem to perfectly align with the loop fasteners. This gives the area along the buttons a somewhat frumpled look of you look closely. Otherwise the flowy soft material of the dress draws attention away from that fact.


I'm 5'3 and 145lbs and bought size Small. The length is just right and won't touch the floor unless I bend my knees. Around the waist area was little bit loose but not too bad. Wore this dress for my son's first birthday party and the picture came out so beautiful!! The quality was good. I will buy again in another color!


This is true to the picture and very beautiful but it's not the best quality. Mine came with a large hole in the side but I was able to easily fix it with my sewing machine. The fabric is thin and semi see through but overall I do like the dress.


