Beautiful dress but is cut much too small in the chest/arms for my wife.  Couldn't even get it over her shoulders.


Great dress but I didn't end up loving the print I received. Will check back to see if any other prints become available in my size. It was also very comfortable and airy. I would recommend!


Dress came in literally a piled heap, buttons all undone and super super wrinkly. I'd be okay with that but there is also a button missing and a snag on the sleeve. I knew it would be a cheap dress but wanted something quick for a photo shoot next week. Guess I will be returning and trying again somewhere else!


Very soft and flows nice.  Got many compliments on it.  Material is lightweight and breezy but not that see through (although you should wear only white undergarments as darker colors will show)  Slips on overhead and background of dress is white.


Cute dress, fits true to size when measuring yourself and using their size chart! 5.9 - normally a medium but ordered a size up due to pregnancy. The dress is light and flowy, washes well and looks exactly like the picture.


I ordered the "beige_yellow" dress that is shown with 3/4 length sleeves.  What I received has short sleeves, but it was a gift and I didn't know until it was too late to return.  Otherwise, it was fine.


I love this dress!! The flow of the skirt and the subtle leg slit is just gorgeous. My fiancé loved it and I got multiple compliments from strangers going out to dinner in Florida.


I purchased a size L, I'm 5'6", about 180 pounds and a 36Dor DD chest depending on the bra, for reference. I will probably order an XL to get more colors as the chest area fit a bit snug but the length was ideal. There were a few stray threads but overall its well worth the money for a comfortable, simply stunning summer dress. Its the perfect blend of casual and dressy.


Super cute! It is the perfect length for someone that is 5 foot 3 inches! The buttons go down to just above the knee then it is an open slit. Keep that in mind! Very cute!


I was very disappointed when this dress arrived.  It runs way too small and the pattern didn't look as nice as the one in the picture.  I really wanted to like this dress.


Y'all, I got this dress for a "fancy" date night and I couldn't be more happy! I felt like Adele in her "Send My Love" video. It's gorgeous flowy and exactly how I thought it would be! I may get another color!


I wear a medium to large, usually. I have big boobs and big hips, this dress was perfect in that it accentuated my waist! I ordered an XL and it's a little on the big side, but not a deal breaker.


