I ordered 7 dresses from this site and had to return 3 of them. The orange dress I received is missing a button and then I received the wrong yellow dress. It was a completely different style. The black and blue dress I returned simple because it didn't look right on me. The other dresses I'm keeping. They feel soft and fit well, although the shoulders are a little puffy. I ordered Large and they fit great. I'm 5'1" and 160 lbs with love handles (thanks to my daughter). The cut of the dresses are flattering for my body type. I'm really disappointed in the other dresses though. I was looking forward to the yellow one and the colors on the orange were pretty. It's a shame I have to return them.


This dress is very comfortable and very pretty. Unfortunately it just isn't made well. I have only worn this dress for a few hours and already a button has fallen off and the ties have come loose.


Wish I could give more than two stars but the dress I got was badly made.  The fabric is so beautiful.....soft and flowy. Absolutely love the floral print.  However the dress was mismatched at the top.....one side was higher than the other so the buttons were crooked.  There was no way to alter it.  It was also 14" too long.....yep 14" from my ankle to the hem of the dress.  I'm 5'5" so it's very strange that the dress was this much too long.  Amazon's return and refund policy is great and I did return it.  Might take a chance on ordering another one since it is so lovely.


Stop reading reviews and just BUY IT!


Love this dress. I don’t normally wear long dresses (I’m short, only 5 feet tall) but this is amazing. It is a bit long of course but I plan on wearing heels with it. The top portion is stretchy and forgiving which is good for bustier women. I got a medium and it is PERFECT. Will be buying in more colors.


Love the dress but the tassel string that comes around your waist to tie in the front was unraveled. Returning and reordering in hopes it's in better shape. If so, I'll give 5 stars.


I typically wear an 8/Medium in most dresses. The size chart for this dress put me in a Large, but I ordered the Medium anyway. That actually ended up being too big, so I exchanged for the Small. I'm not usually a maxi dress person, but I love this one and received SO many compliments. Something about the proportions of the 3/4 sleeves, the open neck, and the bit of leg really make this dress a show stopper. I'm only 5'2, and was able to wear the Small it flip-flops, but liked it better with a small heel. The back of the hell did catch on some loose threads in the Hem of the dress, but all in all, a great value for the money! I will definitely buy this in another print later down the road.


Loved, loved. loved this dress when I first got it.  So cute and so light - perfect for hot summer days.  Strangers complemented me every where I went.  You do need to order a size or two up but not a big deal.  The big deal came when I washed it.  Cold water, delicate cycle, hang dry - and suddenly my super-cute, can't wait to wear all summer dress has shrunk about 4 inches in length.  Still fits but now a really awkward length.  Unwearable.  Also the string tie in the front unraveled.  Not a big deal but worth mentioning.  Loved it so much that I keep wanting to order another but keep reminding myself that it isn't worth it.


What can I say, it's a beautiful dress a bit tight in the chest, but with DD what dress isn't, very tight in the sleeve , wrinkles easily , buttons are done flimsy. Perfect length. I am not sure how larger I can go to fit my boobs. It will be perfect for someone skinny and no chest to speak of just like the picture.but if you have curves stay away from this it has a elastic band under the breast area that makes everything worse , it pulled the buttons apart around the chest , I am thinking of taking it out just to make it wearable. It's a very flimsy see thought fabric so wear a slip under it if you don't want to give everyone a show. Nice color that's why I gave it 2 stars.


I love this dress. It is gorgeous and it flows so beautifully. It's very flattering. I went by both the size chart and some of the pictures posted by others who purchased it...and ultimately it is a bit large on me. I will be exchanging it for a medium. I also plan to purchase this in a different color/pattern. Don't hesitate on this one ladies...it's lovely.


i was skeptical about this dress but figured for the price I'd give it a chance. This is the most comfortable flattering dress I have. I had to have received 10 compliments in one day. I was worried by the reviews that the overall cut was small. I am 5'10" bust is 36-38DD so I bought the XL. it hits my ankle bone and this style with the wide elastic empire waist is perfect. it flows, light and airy.


