I have one of these in short sleeves and one in long. I went with the size guide (they are different for sleeves) and it fit well. These are some of my favorite "fat day" clothes-- you know the day-- where you don't feel like anything fits right? Yes, this is great for those. Flowey and fun and fun and slightly elegant. I'm 5' 10" and I hate when "long dresses" actually skim my ankles but these are a good long length. Also my arms are kinda big and the sleeves fit well-- I'm always nervous about sleeves that don't stretch but these have plenty of room.


Cheaply printed fabric; pattern skips several warp (or is it weft?) threads throughout the dress.  Poor construction too.  Hole in the middle of the back where there is a seam.  Why is there a seam in the middle of the back?  No idea; that's unattractive enough.  However, in the middle back, where two pieces of fabric should meet along the seam, there is a 2.5 inch area where raw, fraying edge fabric is not sewn to the other piece.  Worst quality garment I've bought in a long time.  STAY AWAY


I love this dress! It’s so comfortable and easy. I get lots of compliments on it and was told by a harsh critic that this is the most beautiful thing I own, I look rich and I should wear it every day. I will be getting at least one more in another print. I am 5’6, 165 pounds and ordered a Large, could have possibly ordered a medium but I am happy with the fit and it hit the floor perfectly.


This dress is straight AMAZING. Usually not a fan of ordering online, with a busty top and smaller bottom, but this dress flatters!!  I'm 5'3 and the length was fine. Ordered for a wedding, it is stunning! I want more in the different colors. I have larger arms and this dress was snug at an XXL ( I only got that size for that reason ) but it isn't an issue as I had expected. Of' course, it came a bit wrinkled and unbuttoned, but unbelievably worth the prep time. I'm going to use it at the beach too. Very flowing and cool in the heat of Mexico.


After reading reviews, I bought a larger size than I usually wear. I can't tell you how much I love this dress! It is so comfortable and everyone loves it everywhere I wear it! I have washed (hung to dry) and it turned out perfect.


This dress is beautifully flattering with the flowy skirt. I feel very pretty in it. The sleeves come to my elbow, but there is a button-up strap that allows the sleeves to be rolled up and secured a little higher.  The neckline is lower than I like, but I wear a tank top that doesn't let cleavage show. The way the print is cut (diagonally) also is slimming in its way. It doesn't hit me at my true waist, but above which I don't mind too much as long as it's not looking like maternity-wear. Long-waisted ladies may want to keep that in mind. I've gotten lots of compliments and I think it will be cool for summer.


Pretty dress for the price, very simple but pretty.  Think 1990's and "Friends".  The dress fit well as a whole, I am 5'4" and a curvy D cup, small waist, big bottom-size 18.  Every part fit well except the arms.  They are too tight with zero give in the fabric so if you wear a blazer that is larger than a 16, this dress isn't for you.  Otherwise, fair quality, lots of fabric and ankle length, not incredidly see through but I was born in 78' and taught to always wear a slip with a dress or you are asking for trouble. Lol.


I have bought two of those dresses - one long sleeve and one short sleeve. The long sleeve definitely fits much smaller -- so small actually that I just wear it as a long cardigan because it looks ridiculous buttoned up, whereas the short sleeve dress was huge upon first wear and needed to be shrunk in the dryer. They're adorable dresses but I wish the sizing was standard, or items were listed separately.


Wanted to really love this dress. From the waist down it is awesome! The top part is a different story. It was way too small for me in the arms. Plus, even though the chest part was loose the buttons still pulled to make a gap. If the arms were larger I'd definitely keep it and find a way to fix the gapping but sadly will have to return.


Very conservative frumpy looking dress. Little house on the prairie looking. Ordered a large, (I purchased the short sleeve version as well) but the large was still a funny fit.  Was looking for Bohemian, it is more like a sister wife dress. Very unflattering.


