Beautiful dress. Comfortable material. Nice flare. But srinks a lot after 1-2 wash.


I loved this dress. This is one of the best dress I bought online. The fabric is so soft and smooth and it fits great. I was worried that it's going to be too long for me but the length of the dress was perfect for me. This dress is as pretty in reality as it looks in the picture. I ordered in yellow color and it was perfect for the spring.If you are looking for a floral dress with lots of flow, this is the dress for you. Loved it a lot!!!!


I am 5'8" and 160 lbs.  A medium fit me perfectly.  This dress is very long and anyone shorter than me may need to hem the dress.


It is unlined, so wear a slip.  For the price, though, i didn't expect it to be lined.


I received lots of compliments the first time i wore it.  The only thing that would improve this dress would be to add pockets.


Instantly became my favorite dress!  The buttons don't come down very far so the slit is a bit high, but there's enough flouncy material that it's fine. It is so comfortable and cute; I love it!


Girlfriend loved this dress, however the sleeves are EXTREMELY small compared to the rest of the outfit.  The whole outfit fit perfectly - except she could barely get her arms in the sleeves. Will have to return.


Really pretty...just too long. I’m 5’4” and can find dresses on Amazon.. A maxi is usually perfect for me with a slight heel. I will need to get this shortened.


so disappointed in this dress. The sleeves wouldn't even pull up past my elbows and I ordered the next size up from what I wear on the chart. On the package it clearly said, "Made in China". They must have much smaller arms to measure by.


Voluminous fabric on the bottom, but way to small in the bust and arms, and I ordered by my bust size. I am not what you would call huge on top, but this I could hardly button. No way I could leave the house in it. Sent it back.


Wore it for my Baby shower- absolute love! So many compliments.


Love it. The colors are very colorful just like the picture, the flow and length are just right for me. Got a large and that fits just awesome. You can't find nice modest as well as "long" beautiful dresses in these days and times. You will need a Cami under Neath so you will not show your precious two beauty pieces to everyone.


