I love this dress! I'm 5'8" tall and wear a 38DD bra.  I usually wear a size 14 or an XL in most things.  I ordered the XXL and it was great.  The sleeves weren't tight and it was plenty long which made me very happy.  It skimmed the floor when I wore flats. A shorter person may have to raise the hem.  It was a little low for my (because of the girls) so I wore a tank underneath.  The construction was better than I expected at this price point.  I will probably wash it on delicate and hang it to dry.  The fabric is really light weight and comfortable.  The skirt is very, very full, lots of fabric, but very flattering.  It was cut similar to a circle skirt that flares out at the waist rather than a skirt with a gathered waist which adds unnecessary fullness at the waist and hips.  I was concerned that the fabric might be too see-through, but even with light behind me it was  fine.  I'm not sure if a lighter print would be see-through, though. I had to iron it before I could wear it, of course, but I wore it for hours and it stayed looking great. I'm so glad they offer this dress in so many fabrics.  I'm definitely ordering another one or two for the summer.


It's a lovely dress, fits well and looks flattering. Haven't washed it yet, so can't comment on that. Very nice flowing dress.


This thing was huge and totally see through.


I absolutely love these dresses.  This is my 3rd purchase.  I get compliments every time I wear them.  Definitely recommend.


I did have my mom sew up the buttons because I can step into it just fine and now it's no longer gapping and I don't have to worry about the buttons coming undone. But very worth the money!


Better than expected. Fits well and the colors are beautiful. Can't wait to wear it.


I ordered a large fits fine but maybe medium would of been better. Very stretchy


I'm 5'1 135lbs


 I absolutely love this dress ordered it in 3 different prints.


This is a very cute and flowy dress. There's a lot of fabric for the skirt part of the dress and I really like that. I am 5'3 and the length is fine for me. It isn't very long.


I really, really love this dress.  Just an FYI, you will need a slip.  It is see through but a slip fits nicely under this dress. The other thing is, I ordered and XL because so many reviews said that it ran small.  I am usually a medium and felt as though I could have ordered a large, probably even medium.  Mine did not run nearly as small as most reviews said.  Luckily, the fabric hangs enough that it does not look ridiculous.


Absolutely love It! It fit perfect and was so flattering. I got so many compliments! Love love love It!


