I ordered the white/blue dress in a medium (I'm 5'6, 145 lbs, 36C) to wear to a wedding shower and received so many compliments! The dress fits nicely and is super comfortable and flowy. I didn't like the look of the tie string at the waist so I snipped it off with no issues/damage to the dress. With some pretty sandals and simple jewelry, it really is the perfect dress for a spring event!


I ordered this in XXL. This could have been such a lovely dress but the armhole and sleeve opening are too small for a woven material with no stretch. The armhole is 25cm across (so 50 cum right around), which could be OK but not allowing much movement. It should be more like 29 for am XXL. And the sleep opening is only 15cm, which if it was at the wrist would be fine, but just above the elbow on a larger person.........no chance. It should have been at least 18cm.


It is such a shame that so many manufacturers, when grading patterns for larger sizes, so often neglect the arm measurements.


And yes, I used to work in textiles and know about grading patterns.


Shame, it is very pretty.


I have purchased this dress in four different prints.  Every time I wear one of these dresses, I get more compliments than anything else that I wear in my wardrobe.  My husband thinks it's hilarious that I get so many compliments on a $30 dress! I am 5'1 and it is the perfect length for me.  The dresses are flow-y, incredibly comfortable to wear, the fabric is well made (and soft), and they look great on! I plan on continuing to buy other prints because I can wear these all year round.  I wore them in the summer and I plan on wearing them with tights and a sweater in the fall and winter.  I highly recommend buying one of these, you won't be disappointed!


I LOVE this dress! It is true to size. I'm 5'7" 34B 27 waist (normal size 2-4) There's plenty of room if chest is a little bit larger than 34B, and waist larger than 27".  I read many reviews before choosing my size (S) and they were pretty consistent. Be sure to read the specific measurements and you'll get the right size. It really is a BEAUTIFUL dress!  Don't hesitate buying you won't regret it! Just find your perfect color (they're all pretty!)


Soft material, very comfortable and elegant. I always buy dresses similar in style from Target, but this is cheaper and just as good. Only annoyance is having to button every. single. one. of the buttons. But once you finally get them buttoned, you look great so I guess I should get over it.


I bought this dress as an option for an elegant dinner dress. I was hoping for a retro 70s feel.  First, the dress fit great, it was comfortable though I didn't look closely enough at the fabric, had I realized it was rayon I wouldn't have ordered it. Second, it was a great length; I am 5'5" and I'd be able to wear it with either heels or flats.  It was when my daughter walked in and said, "Mom, you look like a pioneer!" that I decided to nix it.  It definitely had more of a country feel than the 70s vibe I was after.  Perhaps it was the buttons up the front.  Decent enough dress, but not what I was looking for.


This dress is great! I loved the fit, it's also nice and lightweight. The flowiness is really lovely and the slit down the side isn't too much. Highly suggest for a spring/ summer dress. The only reason I didn't give it full star is because the short sleeve one I got was a little tight in the arm and not a flattering.


The dress is very nice and flows very well. It has a romantic feel when I wore it. The fabric is soft and comfortable. The only reason I’m giving it a 3 star is because the fabric is VERY see through. I wore a slip and I could still see my undergarments. I recommend buying a dark colored dress. I’m normally a size 10-12 and I ordered an X-Large and it fit well so I recommend ordering one size up especially if you have large arms. I ordered the one with long sleeves.


Ordered a S, had to go up in size to fit my bust and fit my arms comfortably, my arms are big. So now I have the M. The waist is too big and the length is too long. Went to taylor, thinking dress will still be cheap when I'm out of there. When I tried it at the taylor, the hem is wildly uneven. The right side is 3" off the floor while the front drags the floor. After I get this tailored for $40, the dress will no longer be cheap but is still relatively low cost. It will be cool and will fit and be a good item in the wardrobe selection, but if I saw it fitting perfectly off the rack at $63, not sure whether I would have purchased or not.


It is gorgeous! I cannot wait to wear it out and about. It is nice material and didn't seem too see through. I got the black/yellow version. I ordered a large based on some reviews and the sizing chart, but I feel like I could easily get away with a medium if I wanted a slightly tighter fit. I'm 5'9/32 DD and the L fits me very similar to the model in the picture of the style I ordered if that helps anyone in deciding. Listen to the reviewer who said to pay attention to the sizing chart associated with each style of dress. It flows to my ankles and I could easily wear it with flat sandals if I wanted or dress it up with heels. Super cute boho look! I will definitely be ordering another in a different color!


