Fits great, pretty soft material and I am pleasantly surprised. Of course, it's a little long for me, I am 5'3" but I expected that.


You'll need a tank top if you have big boobs but otherwise fiery flattering fit.


I bought this dress in a XXL as it runs small, normally this size fits me big but comfortable. This dress is really small. I would say that the XXL is like a 14. back it goes. colors are nice.


Absolutely love this dress. Wore it to a wedding and had so many compliments on it. Perfect early Spring dress. Loved that the buttons are actual buttons and not for show. I might add a couple to the bottom just to be on the safe side. The slit was a pretty good length but when you're dancing and waving your arms around I felt like it came up too high (my preference). Very gorgeous and comfortable though! I washed in cold and only dried it half way with delicate cycle, it still shrinks a little but still fits great....actually better than before.


It’s one of the most beautiful dresses I’ve ever had. The material is also amazing. Soft and comfortable. Haven’t wash it yet so not sure how it goes after that


Colour and vibrancy was nowhere near the picture. Buttons are very cheap and very stark white. It might’ve been just the one style that I chose but I returned.


Ended up returning this due to the arm holes, which is my issue, but this is my review too so there. Also there were loose threads all over the buttons/stitching which was somewhat bothersome.


I'm 5'7, 135ish lbs, and am a 32D/34C.


I ordered a medium and the size was perfect except it was short on the bottom by a few inches.  I returned it to get a large and the large was still short on the bottom and the buttons stopped right below my crotch! Such a weird fit..


My overall review is that this dress is not a good fit for someone who is taller than 5'5.  It's just too short, and the rest of it will fit weird if you go up a size. Such a bummer because I actually really liked the dress.


The dress was really cute, but the arms were waaaaay too tight.


This dress is wonderful! Shipping time was short, and I received so many compliments in this - I wore it to a work party on the beach and it was light enough to wear in the summer in Florida, but also looked like I put in some effort. It is a tad see through, so just be aware of that. I had a bathing suit on under it so it wasn't an issue, but I'd wear a slip or some Spanx if I was to wear this to an indoor event. I love it so much, I bought another color, and might come back for some more.


