This dress is beautiful. Very flowy, and the fit was exactly right. You will love this dress. I am impressed Amazon great job!!!


Bad! I normally don't write reviews but this  dress was just bad! I'm very big about reading reviews and measurements before i purchasing anything. Majority of the reviews said positive things.  Plus there were a lot of pictures for me to imagine the look of the dress IRL.  I went ahead and ordered the white/blue dress! It was horrible. Material is a cheap stretching silky knit, and very heavy. There were not any buttons on the dress at all. It was a pull over your head dress. Not flattering at all. If i could give this rating a zero i would.


The dress is really lovely- but it doesn't really fit in the boob area. The cinching part at the waist cuts my boobs off at the middle and it's kind of awkward looking. But the rest of the fit is great! I'm 5'11" and the length is nice too! And there is an extra bit of fabric behind the buttons to hide if there is any pulling- which is nice. Just wish the boobs fit better.


Based on the size chart and other reviews I ordered a XXL. I normally wear a size 16 and recently had a baby. The dress was beautiful and it fit well in the chest area but that was the only area that fit. The rest of the dress was too big and the skirt was too much material for my frame. I looked like I was wearing a tarp. So back it went.


these dresses run small and the sleeve circumference is tiny!!


have bought 2 of them  lg, xl


 will return.


Nice dress. Very pretty. I’m taller so it could even have been a little longer for me but it is fine.


Sent the first one back was not sewn on bottom back seam, about 6 inches of hole, really wish I'd tried it on because I ordered a replacement (XXL) and the chest (40D) and shoulders/arms are too tight. It is very light material and you can see right through it. Party dress NO, but nice dress for around the house on a summer's day.


I have never gotten so many compliments on a dress in my life! Had a few ladies stop me and saw they had been eyeing the same dress but hadn't pulled the trigger on buying. Pull he trigger ladies!!!!! Perfect summer dress. Light weight. Flowly. I am a little uncomfortable with how low cut it is but that's just me.


Its my first time to order but omg i love love love it ..as of now i was looking to order more !!! Highly recommended


I absolutely loved this dress, had tons of complements on it.... then I washed it, I'm so sad. It was washed in cold water then hung up to dry AND IT STILL SHRANK! It's well above my ankle now and I won't be able to wear it again. Buyer beware


