I normally take a 12 but because of the Asian sizing I went by their chart and ordered a 14. It is exactly as pictured.I'm pleased.


This dress is a great find for the price. The material quality is better than I thought, and the fit is exactly as shown in the charts. I am petite (5'2"), and the top strap fit surprisingly well. The chest area is roomy (I'm a B cup), but the strap keeps everything in place. The dress is very long, but nothing an easy hem can't fix. Overall, this is a great find and looks very nice. My husband thought I spent over $200 on it at a department store - definitely recommend this for a formal event.


I ordered this in the blue for a formal wedding I was attending. It came on time! It was pretty staticy when I received it. And was VERY wrinkled. I just took it to get it steamed and it was perfect! I went with the sizes in the images. And I am glad I did that. It fit great, I am 5'6 and wore 3 inch heels. I didn't even need to get it hemmed! It has padding in the bust, which is great, so you don't need to wear a strapless bra. I was so thrilled when the bride even complimented my dress during the recieving line! Love it!


I absolutely love this dress. It fits a bit snug up top, but it's beautiful. I wore it initially for a competition, then wore it again as part of a Frozen-inspired look. I know it looks nothing like anything Elsa would wear, I said "inspired" haha. Give me another oportunity to wear this and I most certainly will!


My daughter wore this for her military ball. She is only 5 feet so we had to get it altered. The dress was good quality. She got so many compliments and is still getting compliments.


Very pretty and great quality! Comfortable and for great! It was a shade off from the color I needed to be in a wedding so I was very sad I needed to return it. I'll keep it mind if I need another formal dress in the future!


Bought this gown for a holiday dinner-dance. I usually wear dress size 10 or 12. The size 12 was a perfect fit. It was comfortable, I did not have to fuss with it at all during the evening. This is a nice elegant shade of emerald green.  I hung the dress up as soon as it arrived, about a month before the event. My only complaint is that it took about 45 minutes to press out the wrinkles.


Very nice dress for the money... Ever Pretty sent me the wrong dress and I called them and got the greatest lady. She said she would put the correct dress out that day and put a return label in it. I got the correct dress in 2 days and sent the other back. She made the transaction a breeze!!! The dresses will need pressed but it fits to size. To add some sparkle I put a diamond broach on the top between breast and its BEAUTIFUL!!! Now we are ordering all the 7 bridesmaids dresses from Ever Pretty!


It was tooooo big. I regularly wear size 10 in dresses but I ordered one size up. I took it to my seamstress and she worked her magic. I was a bit skeptical about ordering a banquet dress on-line but this dress is beautiful. The colour, material and design was more than I expected. And the price was right


I loved the dress itself but the chest portion was a little too small and squished the girls down oddly.  Sadly, had to return it due to that.


