I should have ordered down a size. It was, but I didn't have time to send it back for the correct size. I plan on having it altered.


Good dress the fabric give a little trouble, when fitting and adjust hem, overall very satisfied.


Absolutely stunning dress! I wore it at a wedding and the blue color was just perfect. The dress is very elegant and fits perfect. I am 5' 7 and wish it was a 1/2 inch longer especially when I was wearing heels. I received many compliments.


This dress fit my mom beautifully. She was smiling and a glowing during the entire wedding ceremony.


Received product on time, Dress fit as expected and was exactly as it looked.


Absolutely beautiful dress! It fit perfectly! The material isn't cheap and for the cost it is a steal! All the bridesmaids loved this dress. It does come very long so if you're short you'll need to get it hemmed. I'm 5'7 and it slight grazed the floor.


Fits perfect! I have zero complaints, it's exactly how the picture looks. Dress looks amazing on!


Absolutely beautiful dress.  I ordered it to wear as my wedding gown.  I'm thrilled with it.  Great quality!!!


I bought this in white to wear for my wedding. We found out we were expecting AFTER setting the due date and after I had already purchased a different dress. So, I wanted something comfortable, pretty and not too spendy. I got this in a size US8 and it fit almost perfectly. Pre-baby I was about 125lbs, 34C chest 5'4 and when I got married, I was 21 weeks along and had gained to about 138lbs, but only really in my chest and stomach. I lift and do spin classes/cardio so my arms and shoulders did not change. The only alteration I had to have was to the actual skirt. The dress is completely see-through so I went and bought fabric and had a lining sewn in. The chest could have been taken in a 1/2 inch but I didn't care enough to do it. That lining made is just perfect and I wore short wedges to our garden wedding, flip flops with about a once inch heel to the reception. The photo attached is really corny but its the best one to show how the top looks. I was definitely showing at my wedding, but very comfortable. Four stars because the dress is completely see-through on the skirt. But I got a lot of compliments and was very comfortable!


The dress was very pretty just like it said. I  a size 8 and I am pregnant so I knew (according to other women's reviews , bad and good) that about a size 12 would fit. I am about to pop literally and it fit perfect. A little long but I like that. I am about 180 lbs and 5'6. Best of all it arrived early only 3 days. Very wrinkled but I can fix that easy.


