Although I'm a size 8 in dresses, this dress is too small in the bust area. Unfortunately due to the make of the dress, I could not get it taken out in time for my event. For clarification purposes, I have a very small busy area and after reading the reviews, they stated that the sizes ran big. Not quite big enough for me. However, it is a very beautiful dress!!!


I ordered 6 "blue" dresses for my wedding. The dress itself is nice but the color is NOT what is on your screen. It actually came as a purple/blue color. I had to change somethings in my wedding because of it but no big deal. They came very fast after I ordered them and that was a big plus. No other complaints other than the color.


Beautiful dress... ordered an XL bust 38 DD, was a tad bit too big in bust area. Received compliments all evening


I ordered mine in white for a christening ceremony. I am a typical US size14 but when the dress arrived it was too big for me. I love the style so I had to exchange it for a size 12. You may wish to order one size smaller if you want a perfect fit; otherwise an elegant dress!


The dress was bought to be worn at a wedding. it was a very nice dress. it looked like I paid a lot more then I did


The dress is perfect for my bridesmaid.  She is very petite and the dress fits everywhere except for the chest area.  We are going to have to have it let out about 1-2 cm.  The size 6 would have been way too big for her.  It is the perfect length and we love it.


This is an absolutely stunning gown. The quality for the price is outstanding. I struggled with size to get, and I would highly suggest to order up in size, even perhaps by 2 sizes if you are large busted. The bust was super tight even going up in size, but the rest of the gown is so flowy that I could have gone up another size and been OK.


This was the third dress I ordered for my cousin's wedding and the padding was perfect the dress fit perfect I do appreciate doing business with this company I didn't like the first one they quickly refunded my money and sent the dress to another state all withing two days!! So if you need something last minute please consider Ever Pretty!


I love this dress! Got it the other day fast delivery. The dress fit perfect just a tad bit big in the back, I could take it in but its not noticeable. Its fine!


I was very happy with the dress. I received it in 2 days, and it fit perfectly. My only complaint about the white one is it was completely see through from the just below the bust down. I wasnt expecting that, but some nude colored spanks took care of that problem:-)


