Yes do order two sizes up from normal.  This gown was actually pretty well made for the price and it as pictured.  However, I feel the piece of cloth that goes over your shoulder should be over at least two inches, so its less coming from your chest and more flowing from the gown over your shoulder.  I would return it, but there is a 3 day return policy only and I missed that mark.  I'm giving it 4 stars because I liked the quality but I'm dreading wearing this thing for a wedding that's coming up.


I'm so annoyed by this purchase. It didn't fit. I couldn't zip it all the way up due to it bring too small. I went by the reviews and ordered the size I usually am. It fit weird, it felt cricked. That wasn't even the annoying part. I requested the form to return it and it wasn't paid shipping. I had to pay $13 shipping and that was the cheapest option!


I would have preferred this dress in persimmon but alas it was sold out in my size . Nevertheless the dress fits like a dream , very elegant . Worn with silver diamanté accessories. It's just as advertised, padded enough so no bra needed . Although disappointed about the color iam very pleased with my purchase. Thank you.


I really love your dresses! I plan on using your dresses for events - the dresses are well made, comfortable and stylish - best of all affordable!!!


This is an amazing dress for pregnant bridesmaids - it is flowy and comfortable. The only part that has to be kept in mind is the length. It was to the floor - and I had to remind myself to pick up the dress because I would step on it occasionally (I was wearing flats). Good buy - timely delivery and great product!


Love the dress my only thing is only go off your boob size. I order one as 16 but cuaes my waist and butt needed that size. And it was soooooo big. Our return it and my money back like the next day! Order 2 sizes smaller and was still a little big. But other than that it was awsone!! I would recommend this dress to anyone. I loved it.


First of all the packaging was a bit weird. It came in a clear plastic bag.  My first mistake was the way I tried it on. I pulled it over my head and attempted to zip it up. However the zipper would not go up. I thought, this is odd, I've always been a size 6, why is this not zipping? I was sad thinking I needed to maybe lose weight haha. However after some thought, I zipped the dress all the way up then pulled it over my head. It worked! Wish I has tried this a few weeks ago when I first bought it. The zipper is my biggest gripe with an otherwise perfect dress. Even when I was trying to take it off I couldn't unzip it without a bit of a struggle. Anyway it is very pretty and elegant looking and I am looking forward to wearing it on our cruise in June.


I'm 5'5.....it Wasn't long Enough. Really pretty though


Red size 14


Its a good looking dress and a good value. I like the style for my figure (size 14, curvy, not athletic) as it hid my tummy nicely.


My only complaint was that my usual size 14 was too big, especially in the bust.  (I wear a 38C)  The padding in the dress helped but not enough.  I will return and order a size 12, then update my review.


The color on the model was accurate--it was a deep, brick red


**UPDATE**  Size 12 worked perfectly. The dress & padding support my completely (ie, no need for a strapless underneath)


It was so nice I also ordered one in Pink. I love this dress!


I bought this dress as a back up just in case the picture was better then real life. Let's face it, we all wonder and with these prices, what could it hurt? Ever Pretty has been better then even expected. I loved this one as well as the other one I ordered but found a new military wife that couldn't afford a dress for our military ball, so I gave this one to her. We had a beautiful night! Thank you Ever Pretty!


I used this for my baby shower. It fit my belly nicely even being pregnant, even though it wasn't for a pregnant mom. I got a lot of compliments, although I probably would have sized up because it was a little tight in the chest for a 36C.


