Gorgeous dress.  Looks just like in the picture. Flows beautifully And very forgiving in the tummy area.  The inner slip skirt  is stretchy and the outer layer is somewhat transparent. The bust area is fitted and ok to go bra free. I'm 5'11', 207 lb, 36C and pear shape.  Initially ordered size 16 but had to exchange for 14 which is just right. Be aware that the dress is very long even with 3-4 in heels, dragging about 1/2 in.


This gown is so beautiful. I felt like a princess at my son's wedding. I got so many compliments. The only thing I had to do was have it hemmed.


Excelent !!


This dress is so pretty and so simple. I bought it in black. I really wanted another color but I figured it'd be best to trust the black. The length is perfect for my height (5'3). I am 180lbs and the size 14 fit for me. The only problem is is that the zipper is a little hard to zip up and I had to have my mom cut off that extra piece in the back, wasn't my style. My sister liked my dress so I ended up ordering the lilac color for a prom she's attending and the lilac dress is GORGEOUS! It's so pretty in person, it looks nicer than the black.


Very very cheap material!!! While trying to put on ripped that easily!! Went out if town when I ordered it so was not able to return, I guess in time. Waste of 40.00 Bucks.


This dress is a perfect fit! Easy to dress it up with the right jewelry! Could easily match my men's shirt & tie with it! Love this dress & will definitely order from you again!! So happy!!


I wore this for a military ball and received a lot of compliments!  I'm 5'9" and this dress is very long.  This my second dress from Ever Pretty and I love them both.  You really can't beat the price either.


My bridesmaids wore this dress and they looked amazing in it! I loved it and it was prefect for my destination wedding!


this gown is perfect


Very shear, ordered the black definitely need a slip under it also order a 12 instead of a 14 the bust is still a little large and will need taken in (38B) however the under bust is nearly to small, it's th  tightest part o  this dress


