Wow,, this dress is really something. The quality is okay for an everyday dress or going at a friends' bbq. I liked it and I bought a colored one with red flowers and some blue and green stuff in it. I feel fantastic in it. The top you see on the black and white model is not the same as mine. Mine has a simple cut, the black and white has a very fancy  V neck line but nevertheless, the one i have is really nice.


Loved this dress! Great for work and and then date night that's exactly what I did, got so many compliments, although it does not actually wrap around like I thought it was still comfortable and stretched to a great amount in the right places


The order form reads XL. The bag reads XL. However, the dress reads M. Is this a country sizing difference? The dress received is very nice but too tight for my size 18 body.


It's a really flattering pseudo wrap dress at an excellent value. I'm 5'7 170 lbs with 34DD, so the large fit perfectly, as I carry most of my weight in my T&A. It might be a little more low cut than I'd typically wear for a more conservative outing, but it's nothing a little safety pin can't handle. Plus it's pretty comfortable, so it's like a win-win :)


Great fit and material!!! Will have to hem being short I have to hem everything but it's a pretty color.


Its thin so I recommend a clammy or some sort of Shapewear under. Its not really a wrap dress but its what was looking for to wear ok my Birthday. Even thought its long sleeve its still good for a summer dress.


It's a very pretty dress, the fabric is lightweight but comfortable. I'm 5'9" and this dress was a bit longer than I'd expected so I actually got to wear heels again. I'm counting the holiday parties I will get to wear this to. Use the size chart provided by the seller to determine which size will work for you then order a size up (I did not) from your regular size and it should fit perfectly.


I love it


I should have been able to tell from the pictures but I just didn't notice that this dress is more of a mermaid cut - it fit me well overall but after bearing children I will never be able to wear something this fitted in front of other people. Maybe my standards are too high but even though it was not technically "tight", it's just not flattering on me. I want to hide those saddlebags!


I am 8 months pregnant and this dress fit like a glove. The material stretches around my stomach and fits my curves perfectly. MILF in training


