At first I thought the material was cheap but it looks completely different on.  I got it for a summer dress with sandles but when I put it on, it looks like I can go to gala.  My husband loved it.


I'm 5'-8" and it was a good 3-4" long on me. The first pic I'm on tiptoes, the second is flat footed. So I'd either hem it or wear with heels.


I normally order L and went a size up so it wouldn't be as body con and it fit perfectly. Fit well across shoulders and no stretch lines across the rear and I'm probably 42" around there.


It comes with a self-belt, but due to the slippery fabric, it would not stay in place. There aren't any thread belt loops. I would wear it with or without. Also tried with a different belt and it looks nice.


The v-neck is narrow and high enough to where I would be comfortable without wearing additional coverage. Although the fabric is thin,  my white bra didn't really show. However, nude would be my first choice and I wouldn't wear any patterns under it.


Overall, it is a shinier, thinner material than I was expecting (and therefore slightly more formal than I anticipated), but I can see it being an easy, classy black dress for indoor events and warmer nights out.


Awsome all the way around! Form fitting in a elegant way!


Wow! This dress fits well but is looooonnnng! I am 5'7, 185 and 38DD and see the pic for yourself! Really pretty and a great price!


This dress is not the same size that I ordered. I ordered an extra large and it looks like an extra small. Their isn't  even a name tag in the dress.Who ever made it needs to understand  when your  making garments  for American Women the sizes are entirely different and are somewhat  bigger than  theirs.you have  a size chart  stated  and thats what I  went by.


Really cute and goes to the ground. I ordered a XL and I usually wear a large. I am 5'4". More like a bodycon fit. But, still really cute. Very thin material.


This dress fit me perfectly, but at the same time not too tight. I'm a size 4 or 6 depending on how the dress is cut. I'm a 34C my waist is 25 and my hips are 27. I'm 5'5" and the dress hit the top of my feet, which was perfect bc I wore flat flip flops, and I never felt like I was going to trip, or like I needed to hold it. It doesn't wrinkle, or grab at things. It just flows nicely when you walk. I wore this dress and I got so many compliments,  it my husband loved it especially. I am going to wash this dress, but I'm not going to dry it. I'll let it hang to dry.


Wow!!! Just wow! The dress is just beyond gorgeous and will fit any body type. It's not a heavy material, in actuality it's very very light and super cute!


I think this dress is true to size and is good quality considering the price. I am 5'7, 200 lbs, measurements are 40-30-47 and I have to wear a belt with it due to my smaller waist. When purchasing clothes off the internet, I think it's important to know one's measurements (not weight), and body shape. These two factors will always help when determining the best size. As for the fabric, you can't expect much for $16!


I bought three of these dresses. They all had slightly different fabric. The black/white dress seemed to be the thinnest fabric. The red/blue seemed to be the thickest material. The green/blue dress (not pictured) fit slightly bigger than the other two. Overall I think this was a great purchase for the cost. It's important to know your body shape, measurements, and fit style (do you like tight fitted, or loose fit clothes). By knowing these components, you can determine the best size and if this is the right dress for you. Happy shopping!


I love this dress. Some people have complained about the quality but I think it's pretty damn good for $16. I don't know what they're expecting. It's still decently made and super flattering. It's very long so unless you're really tall you definitely need heels. I'm 5'6 and could never wear it without heels. I wear a size 8/10 and bought the medium. It's snug but I like it.


