It fit true to size as far as chest, hips, etc.


This dress was pretty heavy- the material itself was heavy and that made it sort of clingy in all the wrong places because it was just too weighed down. it was also really really long- had to take a few inches off the bottom in order to not trip over it. (I'm five-four so it's not like i'm crazy short)


personally, I wouldn't buy it again but I was in a time crunch and made due so it worked for my event. It was pretty uncomfortable though- between the clinginess and the fact that the heavy material made it wayyy to hot. I just wouldn't recommend wearing this material as a dress.


I am 5'3", 155lbs, 34DD, usually a size 8/10 or medium and bought this in a Large. The dress was tight, not swirly at the bottom, making it extremely unflattering. The fabric was extremely clingy, which just magnified the fit issue. It hit the ground on me, which made it suitable for heels or flats.


I love this dress! I really wasn't expecting to like the way I looked in it but it's extremely flattering! My measurements are 46in bust, 36in waist, 46in hips, 5'6" about 190lbs, 36G bra. I got the XL and it fit like a dream. It hit the top of my foot. The material is very stretchy so it could definitely fit someone bigger as well, it'd just be tighter fitting like a body con dress.


I'll try to remember to add a picture next time I wear it.


I purchased this dress for maternity photos and I absolutely love it! It's really comfortable and has a great fit. I ordered a large which usually means it would be extremely long on me as I'm only 5 feet tall, but being 7+ months pregnant (currently about 165 lbs) it was perfect! I was afraid the neckline might be too low but it was also perfect! I think I will even be able to nurse in this dress after baby arrives which is an added bonus. This color green was a little see through but nude colored under garments work just fine. The sleeves are kind of an odd length but that didn't bother me at all. If I need a long dress for anything else, I will gladly order another in a different color!


I have this dress in a multi color as well and I love them both!  I get so many compliments when I wear these dresses.  They are super comfortable too!  They cling where they should an flow as they should. Definitely recommend them.  A little warning - if you're legs are short like mine then you'll need heels or hems (but those of us who are vertically challenged are used to that).


I really like the general cut of this dress, it's very flattering. There are two drawbacks. First, it's too long. I'm 5'8" & it drags the ground in flats, so it must be hemmed. Second, the material has a sheen to it, which in my opinion cheapens the look of the dress. I'd return it, but I waited too long & missed my return time window.


It is called red but I'd say it's more dark orange, with grey and lavender. It is a very form fitting dress. The material is very soft, not see through. I think it would make a great destination/vacation dress because it won't wrinkle when packed. I am larger chested and can control just how much cleavage is shown. A camisole can be worn if needed. And like I said, it is form fitting like a body con dress so it will show bumps and rolls but I really liked it and will keep to wear once I lose weight. Though if you invest in some great shapewear it would work. I'm short so the dress will need to be hemmed. For reference I am 5'0" 155 lbs and 36 C chest


 I LOVE THIS DRESS!! It's long so heals are a must if you are vertically challenged (5'3) like me. I prefer shorter sleeves so I cut them.


Great Dress! The material is soft, lightweight and very comfortable to wear.Typically long dresses tend to be too long as I am 5’ 4” but this dress fit just right and It just flows nicely when you walk. My husband love it when i wear it.


I was surprised with how beautiful this dress is, and it fits great, even though I didn't realize that size Large equals size 8US and I am size 12 and pregnant, and still fits great because the fabric is very stretchy. I will be ordering another one in XL soon to have more room to grow the belly!!


