This is a cute little number. The material is soft and a little see through. I wear a size 12/14 in dresses and have a 38DD chest. I ordered an extra large which gives me great breast coverage. No need for an under shirt. I put a high waisted, knee length body shaper under mine and all signs of cellulite vanished. It also thwarted the need for a slip. I am 5'7 and weigh 180. The dress spills onto the floor with about an 1/2 inch to spare.


This is quite a deal. You won't be disappointed


Love this dress. The fabric isn't the best (synthetic obviously) but the fit and feel is wonderful and flattering and curve hugging. I got so many compliments wearing it!


Tight fit. A little to tight for me . I order an xl. Usually wear a large But wanted it a little loss. Not the case at all. But still really cute.


At first, I wasn't sure about the color and pattern but it's nice in person and fits well.  A little long but with wedges or heels, it's not too bad.  At this price the dress is worth it.  I've paid $$$ for other dresses and didn't like them as much as this one.


5'9" and with big hips and I bought a large. Love the fit, I would wear it with a low heel because the dress is the bomb!


This dress is fabulous and looks great on. It is an XL and I take a 1x but it fit perfectly. Va va voom,!


Cute! I'm pregnant and this fits great. It says this dress runs small, plus I have a prego belly so I ordered an xl. I'm normally about a 10. It fit surprisingly well in the shoulders. I get a little nervous ordering anything over a large but it still fit nicely. I love that the belt is detached so I can tie it where and how tight I want.


Material looks thin but it's not, if you have a big stomach go a size up. Classy and comfy


Lovely dress. It is extremely long. I'm 5'4 and even in 5 inch stilettos I need to hold the excess length when walking. Nice fit, however, the waist line does not sit in the same place as displayed in pic on model. Waist is slightly higher than shown.


I never write reviews but after reading all the reviews a/b the fit i thought id give mine... im 5’2 135lbs curvy women 35-27-37 & a small fit me perfect, not to tight & not to loose.. was not too long either!!!


Its super flattering!


I read lots of reviews to order a size up, well im glad i went with my instinct & keep the small!


Im only giving it a 4star cause the material is thin but still super comfy!


If i could itd b 4.5 stars


