Love this dress! I am 5'2 said 155lbs and a medium fits me well. I plan on ordering others in different colors.


This was a cute dress made  with jersey like feel polyester material. It's stretchy and long enough for my 5'7 height with flats. I am about 133lbs 34b and it fit well except the arms were a little loose. Dress was flattering and the hour glass helps to show off your curves! The fabric is slinky and stretchy so it's super comfortable.


I am a very curvy 14 -16 clothing size


It fits like a glove, but very forgiving ability to flatter but hide


Very few dresses like that am I able to be confidante without Spanx. Yet either way I love how this dress makes me feel and look.  Wish I could get more with this fabric and cut in other prints because I love it so much


Good buy for the price.  I'm a 5'9 curvy girl (38D,33,48). I ordered the XL.  It hugged my curves nicely but not too tight.  I have a small pooch in the front so without a spanx type garment I wouldn't like it.  After I put on my spanx/girdle, it was nice and smooth.  The material is okay like I said it's good for the price.  I will buy another one but I will get a larger size just to give me a little more room in the tummy area.


I bought this dress because it was nothing I had like it at home. At first I was hesitant but after putting it on, I fell in love.


Love this dress. Perfect Fit!


This dress is just right


Based on other reviews and their size chart (not Amazon's), I ordered a size larger than I normally would and that worked for me. I'm 5'4" 133lbs and though I like how it hugs me, I could see where others may not like it; it has more of a body con fit. My only issue with it is the waist. I have a high natural waistline and for some reason, the waist on this dress falls just above it (?). It's almost as if they couldn't decide if it was going to be a faux wrap dress or empire waist. Bought this to wear to a wedding...eh, it might work; I may look for something better.


I gave this dress 1 star because it did not state it's a fully tight mermaid style dress, and is so thin and see through completly which also wasn't mentioned. I wasn't expwcting any of this. I could purchase a slip to wear under it, but the material looks to much like a cheap halloween costume not sure I want to wear it. I purchased a different maxi dress and got a maxi dress as they should be like. I might keep this one and wear for halloween to be elvira.


Nice, the fabric is a little bit cheap, but for the price it worth it


