Almost perfect.  Would be five stars except for loose strings on arm seam.  I'm going to hv to sew it to prevent a hole.  I'm 5'9" tall and the dress skims my feet and it's still sexy.  It's a curvy woman's dream dress.  Definitely big girl friendly.  It would look like a sack on a skinny girl.


Very nice and very comfortable!


The dress is crap!!!!!! Cheap looking  and thin!!!!! And the waves are painted on and not done properly ....waste of money...will he returning ....this looks worst than my house dresses


This dress is amazing!! The material is of goods quality breathable fabric.  The spandex clings to every curve. Fits perfectly. Vibrant colors. Will accessorize any closet. Love it!!!


Fabric was cheap.  The elastic waist and belt seemed off.  Just a bad fit.  The fit through the hips was just too tight.  The dress is definitely not flowy like on the model.


Many of the women who posted pics look fantastic, my daughter said I looked like I was wearing a cheap robe & she was 100% correct.  The cheap material is flimsy, at 5'9 & 140 the L was too short and the bust much too big.  It's going back.


I bought a  blue medium and a large for my daughter who is 5'4" and about 150#.  She says the medium fits well, but is a little tight around the hips,  and the large is a little looser.  She loves them both, but they'll be worn for different occasions.


This is a wonderful spring /summer dress. It is very comfortable and hugs curves well. I am 5'3, 160 lbs, 35-30-42 and the medium was perfect. The length allows for even a 2in heel so no worries about what kind of heel to wear (short girl life lol)


This dress was a huge mistake. The sleeves are the most awkward length, and the fabric is CLINGY like no other. The bust is much too large and the hip down to the knees is so tight.  I've paid $5 -$10 more for a similar dress on Jane.com that was 10x better quality. I'm 5'7" and 170 lbs for reference.


Wow!! What a dress! The variations of black and white acts as a eye distraction for the mid section. It's a great dress for a formal event or if you just want to jazz it up a bit!! You won't be disappointed.


