Talk about hugging your curves! This is s snug dress. I would probably love it if I was happy with my current curves, but I was hoping it would be more forgiving. Also, it might just be my body type, but it fit with kind of a mermaid flare (tight on the hips and thighs, and flares out at mid thigh)


This is a very beautiful dress. Cons:  I found it runs a little small, doesn't truly wrap (just the appearance) and it is not forgiving of cupcakes, but Spanx was a help :) Overall, it is such a beautiful pattern, is well made,  and very comfortable. I think I'll buy another,  in a sz up.


This dress was ridiculous. I am 5'4" and 150 pounds. It is supposed to be 3/4 sleeve and the sleeves went to my wrist. The waist in the pictures looks like it the black portion should go to my waist, instead it is right under my bra line. It did go to the floor though. But it DEFINITELY was not as pictured.


I purchased an XL. Perfect fit!


I am 5"9" 200lbs, dress is just long enough, wish it was a inch longer, it fits well. I am busty 38DDD, lit but in the back. Wore it with sandals. Fare quality fabric. Ill buy more


I so love this dress. I am 5'4 175 pounds and I bought a large. It fits perfect.  About to order sales dress in another color. I love it.


Just as it looks. Perfect. If you're worried about being in between sizes, go bigger.


This dress was a perfect fit. I got so many  compliments. I have ordered another one.


THIN fabric, too small. I order clothes from here all the time and often use reviews as my go-to. I'm a 10-12 and curvy, but very proportional. I like clothes that hug my hips. This is POOR quality even for a fairly cheap garment. I can't make this word with a slip or camisole.I love maxi-dresses. Disappointed. :(


bought this as a gift, the color looked nothing like what was shown, and did not fit at all, sleeves were not the length shown and just was very unflattering, did not look at all what I expected and because it was a gift, I cannot return it because it is past the date, will not purchase from this company ever again!


