This is a beautiful dress but it would look a lot better on someone a couple of inches shorter tham me and a size smaller. I’m 5’ 7.5” and I weigh 165lbs. I have D cups and this dress is not flattering on top for me. Plus being tall the waist is under my boobs which looks weird. I love the design and material of this dress but it’s just not for me.


I ordered a large so that it would not fit right because I wanted to wear it to church or any where else appropriate. I usually order a medium in my clothes. I'm 5'8 162lbs. Measurements 36, 28, 40.5. I wore wedges with the dress and it was not to short for my height.


This dress was perfect. It accented my silhouette perfectly. I bout and XL because I weigh 189. Love love it


Perfect dress for my Morticia Addams Halloween costume! I wear a size 0-2 and the size small fit just right. Hugs your curves in all the right places! Quality was decent for the price.


Nice


The dress was absolutely gorgeous the only problem was that it was too small. I order my regular size and it hugged every curve next time I'll go up a size. However, the material was light weight and the length was great. So overall just go a size up and everything will be just fine.


this dress looks like the one the model has on. its long (the way I like it) but the material is very very cheap. I wish I could return it but it wouldn't make sense from where I live. Also, I hate the fact that they advertised this dress as a wrap dress AND it is not. I will only be able to wear this as a casual dress and not as a formal wear.


I bought the black and white dress, and felt super sexy in it! My husband even said I look like Gloria from Modern Family (ha ha).  I also received a lot of other compliments at a swanky New Year's eve party, so I simply had to order 3 more in different colors. For size reference, I'm 6'1" and 215 lbs. I have a curvy figure and normally wear size 14/16. Ordered the dress in XL and it hugged my curves perfectly. I would have loved an extra inch or two in length, but at my height, I am used to things never being long enough.  I did wear nude colored shape wear underneath to feel comfortable with the white portions of the pattern. Hoping I'll be able to come back later and upload a picture to go with this review. Probably the best $16 I ever spent on an a piece of clothing! Super happy with this purchase.


This dress is very stretchy.  The white sections are see thru so no bright undergarments.  I bought the large and am 36-30-40. The midsection was too tight for my liking so I returned it.  Nothing wrong with the dress per se, I just knew I'd be self conscious in it if I wore it.  The dress I received was actually longer than the item description.


Extremely disappointed, I ordered this product previously. The previous dress was a black and white dress which was perfect. Thus, I chose to order another dress which is listed above. However, I ordered the same dress through the same company and it wasn't the same product. The fabric was thin with a silky look and feel to it. Since it didn't fit, I returned it and reordered it in a bigger size. The worst dress ever. I'm not sure what's going on; especially if it's the same dress just in a different pattern. I won't order another dress from that company again. I am glad my first order the (black and white dress) was perfect. I wish this dress here was also perfect but it wasn't a total big fail.


