Dress came on time. I rushed it because I needed it for prom weekend. It came, but when I opened it, it had holes in it!!! Terrible!! I paid money for the dress and for priority shipping and it was a waste… They need to do better in checking their products before sending it out, especially to people who are paying crazy money for fast shipping. I do not recommend them


I Absouletly lovvvvve love this dress! I received sooo many compliments on this dress! The material feels great! Well worth it!  I will be purchasing more of this style!


Dress is very pretty and comfortable ,it did have a small area where seam was not sewn but it was still usable and worth keeping


I am five foot three inches with  34dd bust around 130 pounds. I ordered a large and it fits eveu where but the lenght. I have to hem about 3 inches off to make it work. I was expecting that. Material is stretchable and soft. Colors are the same on the picture. I am very excited to wear this out on date night!


this dress is perfect for a fall wedding i have to attend. it is a little small but had great stretch and with a shaper i can wear it no problem. I'm 5'1 156lbs and it's not to long on me either. with some heels i probably won't even have to get it hemmed.


This dress fits my shape and personality perfectly! I received many compliments. I had boots on but this would be perfect with sandals as well. It has a tulips hem and fits snug up top. Doesn’t reveal a lot of cleavage but compliments the shape of your breast which I am a 38 dd.


It is a very pretty dress


I really like this dress, it fits the body really nice.  The front is perfect it covers up nicely.  Dress is a bit too long but I hemmed it up so now it fits perfect.


I wear a size 10 and ordered a large.  This dress was WAY TOO TIGHT.  If I I am returning this item and if I decide to reorder the dress I would order a XXL, it may be loose enough to move.  It was really cute and I loved the bright colors in it but just way to tight for me to wear comfortably.


Love this dress. Perfect travel wear! I'm 5'8" 32 dd. I ordered a small and it hits my ankles. Only complaint the v neck is a bit open and shows more than I would like but some are into that so that may be a negative lol


