I got so many compliments in this dress 3 months postpartum will update my review with photos.  My only complaint is the sewn in bra cups are maybe for a size A and I am a full D. I would've cut them out however didn't have time as the dress arrived the day I needed to wear it and cutting them out meant major a major alteration. I just played with it until I was able to position them.


Beautiful dress however, lots of hiccups. The zipper gets stuck, it had that awkward boob pad in the breast section, and it runs very big. I made it work however, it had too many issues.


The fit is beyond hideous. Baggy around the stomach area and I ordered S. I’m curvy, 120lb, 5’1 and 36 CC. The sleeves and the bust cups are very uncomfortable. Don’t recommend this dress for women with similar measurements.


I love this dress. I wore it on Valentines day and looked amazing.I am 5'5 and weight 235 and purchased a XL.


This is a must buy.  I was nervous at 1st. I've had bad experiences ordering clothes from Amazon vendors. However this dress was a hit. I got so many compliments  & posted it on social media & got tons of like. I wore it for a charity event.  This dress fits well.  I ordered 2 more in different colors..lol


Wow I'm his dress im so in love with it i bought the XXL Which fits awesome meaning it still has a lot of space which im good with didnt want it too tight so its perfect thick material very good quality


doesn't look as good on, the sleeves are not as wide as shown, they are like wide straps and can be pulled up and worn as straps. as a last resort for a night event so no one notice the seem that goes horizontally across the stomach to connect the top with the bottom


Loved this dress! I used it as a cosplay for a Convention Mascot and it was lovely. I was able to hem it and alter it easily to fit the character. It was a bit large and I didn't have time to take it in, but over all amazing


Just received my dress today. I was hesitant because I have never liked any piece of clothing I’ve ever bought online. However, this dress is made from great fabric and looks amazing on. Now I’m thinking about buying another one.


I'm 5'5 130lbs  I ordered a med, it is to big but that's ok, It's big enough that I will have it altered to my body.  The fabric is nice, it's thick enough that you can't see through it. It does have an odd thing going on across the chest, it's breast  pads but they're higher than they should be. so i will have them removed all together, For me it's too long so I will have it cut above my knee.  Probably a lot of my issues could have been avoided had I ordered a small. I would say for the price I would by it again because it is a very pretty dress .


