I ordered this dress with the intentions to wear it at the wedding. I give it 3 stars because I love the quality, style and design of the dress and for the price it is worth it. However the fittings is a bit revealing because of the colour and it shows all your curves and if you have imperfections that too will show. I am thick and toned with a hour glass shape (breast 40 waist 32 hips 45).  Thus I ordered the large in pink and it fit. But I don't find it was elegant and chic for the wedding but I definitely would wear in to the club or dinner. I would advice ordering black. I also would change the zip and ensure the threading is not out.


Purchased this as a bday gift for a friend. She loved it and said it fit perfect!


Can't be "Boob" Shy with this dress... I bought it in navy blue XL.(wore it without a girdle). I should have gone a size down because the bust area was too big. (sleeves kept falling down) but overall the material was thick and comfortable  which was great. The zipper was a little  hard to work with but I figured it out(leave it zipped and pull it over your head). That v-neck apparatus thing was pretty weird not sure what they were thinking with that, it made the material stick out, open wider than expected and crinkle...But for the most part the dress was great.


I love this dress, it's gorgeous and comfortable! The quality is good, and the material is strechy; It's great for the low price. There were only two things I didn't like about it; one being that it comes with breast pads that are small and actually sewn into the dress, which made it look weird (I took mine out), and the second thing was the the zipper in the back isn't hidden and seems fragile.


This dress is a great find! Looks amazing, nice material, stretchy and very comfortable!


I'm returning this dress. The fit was rather large on me. I ordered it in blue and didn't care so much for the material and thought I could get over the metal zipper that was not up to par, in my opinion.


OMG I AM IN LIVE WITH THIS DRESS! I have been super self conscious with my body since my weight gain but his dress made me feel amazing!!! I will definitely be posting pictures while in Vegas for me Sister’s bachelorette party! BTW I’m 5’11 and 238 so that should give you an idea. I didn’t see a lot of girls my size and height on here.


This dress is absolutely beautiful and true to size.  Gorgeous on.  Quality is excellent and it looks good on.  Zipper is a little stiff but it does not affect the beautiful of the dress. Going to a white party with the hubby and boy am I going to make him look good.  Arrived as expected from Amazon.  If you don't have curves wear shapewear, this is form fitting.  It is beautiful.


OMG!!! I'm absolutely in love with this dress!!! I ordered the black and pink and will order more colors. I'm a "curvy" woman and this dress is definitely flattering. I wear a 18/20 and ordered XXL and fit is perfect!!! Will post pictures when I wear it


This dress was too big for me, you really need to fill it out for it to fit you correctly. I ordered a small and it was not a great look. I am 5'7'', 34C/D and I wear a size 5/7 or 29 in pants/jeans.


