This dress is adorable. Bought in large it stretches so thats a good thing material is thick and nice wore it to a all white birthday party. Im 173lbs. This is a must buy you wont regret it.


Loved this dressed! Fit perfect and is super flattering! I'm short, so it's a tad long but it still looks great ! It's a little boobilious so I ended up wearing it with a black lace bra ( not pictured).  I received lots of compliments. I bought this for a costume but I will definitely be wearing it again . Added bonus!


The dress fit nice and looked nice also. However the zipper is made of poor quality. I mean very poor. I needed assistance to zip it up. It would get stuck and not move. I also could have done without the padding in the bra part because it didn't cover anything or lift up anything. And you can see it thru the dress.


I looove this dress! I did have to remove the foam pads from the chest, as they did absolutely nothing for me. I was glad that my bra didn't show with the deep V cut. I sized down to a Large, I usually wear X-large and the large fit PERFECT, even with 38DDD. The only nuisance was that the sleeves kept sliding up.


Very sexy and great for the price! The arms are a bit awkward. I haven't worn them yet but I'm hoping they don't keep sliding. I am usually a medium 155 lbs 5'10 and I'm happy I purchased a small. The small works and is not super fitting at all. Some may say a little loose.


The size is true to fit, but you could possibly go down one....normally I wear a large because of my height. I ordered a XL. I could have fit a medium. Also for a semi casual dress, the burgundy had a silver zipper which drew the concept of the dress way off! I would have given it 1 star, but delivery time was awesome and the material was great, plus the cost was truly within a planned budget. But Always remember you get what you pay for! Not worth the time in sending back. Donating to goodwill...


I got compliments on this dress all night! I ordered a large, definitely could've used a medium. Great material!


A bit too big, especially in the arms. The zipper up the back was silver and looked cheap. The stitching around it made the dress look more purple than navy blue. Not bad over all but those things made me have to return it. Quality of the material was nice.


Fit a little snug but I did like the dress very much. It would have been a little better if maybe a size large.  On fence if it may have been too big. But over all liked the dress.


I LOVE THIS DRESS!!! The material is nice! This is better than I expected. I purchased this dress to wear to my 45th birthday party. I got many compliments. I want to purchase every color. I purchased a


size-Lg. I'm 5'6" 175 & curvy


