The dress is really well made, very sexy and classic. However it was HUGE on me. I'm 5'3, normally a size 2, 32DD, and I got a small and it was falling off my body. I would have kept it if it fit, it's a great dress, I'm disappointed I have to return it.


Omg this dress is so nice! I wore it on a cruise and had a lovely portrait taken wearing this dress. The price is unbelievable! Bought a second one


This is Perfect!! I'm going to another one of my High School reunions and I bought this dress especially for that occasion. It looks like it costs much more than it did. The V in the front and the way it hugs the curves? 100% SEX APPEAL!!!


I ended up returning this dress, it came with the boning sticking out and I didn't like the way it looked on me.  It's pretty if you can pull it off though.


I'm 5'1 172lbs nice dress I just don't think it's right for my short legs. I sent the dress back. It's makes my breast look like flat pancakes. I sent the dress back.


The shoulder "straps" are too large. The body of the dress fit well, but the size of the straps and the position they were sewn in, made this dress looks really sloppy at the top. As a note, the V in the middle is wire.


I really like the dress. Good value.


The dress fit as expected. Not too tight or short. I'm 5'5", 145lbs, B-cup. It has padding in the bra area. The stitching was good. There is a wire or plastic that holds the V shape. Though if you're not flat chested like me, you might consider some type of bra. The V is kinda low so you wouldn't be able to get away with a traditional bra. Material is a little thin so appropriate for spring/summer. But you can't see through it. Stretchy material. On me it comes to my knees.


Breast part was too revealing so I added a piece of lace to the dress...was not the color I expected...but it was a good fit .Thanks


This dress is terrible. The zipper was not properly installed  and it doesn't zip all the way up. The material is strange and it's not flattering. I want a refund and return the dress but I don't live in the US and it will cost me more to return than the actual purchase.


I ordered a small and the dress was still way too big; and I am not even that "tiny" of a woman. I am 5'3", 135lbs, 32DD. No part of the dress fit me. The whole dress was too big. I will say that that it is a very cute dress and the material quality is also great. I am only giving it a lower rating because I feel it does not fit true to size.


