I was skeptical about ordering a dress from Amazon especially the price I looked at the other reviews and saw pictures of other woman with my body type. I am 5"4 145 pounds thick around the but and thighs not much of a chest I'm a B cup I ordered the size SMALL it fit perfect. I wish I had some more boobs to fill it but over all I am extremely happy with my purchase !


I loved it I wear a size 18 5"9 250lbs if youre curvy like me get a good bra and proper undergarments. Size 2x


I love this dress.. I was a little skeptical at first when I saw the price .. I seen this dress somewhere else but it was over $30 and when it arrived It was perfect ! Fit like a glove and even though I have big breast it kept up with me , it does have a little bit of a big opening on too but it's sexy enough with out being too skimpy


Love this dress!! I didn't quite wear it as the picture but it still was stylish!


Love this dress! It is very flattering on. Remember, it's a cheap dress and that's what you are getting! The material isn't the best quality but it is nice and thick, the zipper is crap not sure how many times it will go up and down before it breaks. I don't unzip it, Just pull it up and slip it on. But other than that ..... it really does look beautiful on!! I like that you can fix the straps to your liking!! You can wear them up for a little more coverage or down like the picture shows for more exposure. I like the length as well. (You know, you either go short to show legs or longer for boobs;) and It's Perfect length for that much boob showing! I have a big bust and am usually a size large but I ended up needing a size small for the best fit! (I first ordered a size large and then medium and had to send them both back) this dress looks excaty like the picture!!! ❤️Definitely worth the buy!!! The top of this dress reminds me a little of the red dress Julia Roberts wore in "Pretty Woman" Very Sexy and flattering for the event I have to attend! Thanks!


Update:


Love it. Very easy to move in. It stretches so it is. Or confining. And the top stayed in place all night. Good coverage even when bending. May be a different experience for larger chest women.


Hard to zip on your own. The chest area is reinforced so it can be worn without a bra (for the smaller chested). Material heavy, not see through. Quality okay. Could have been better.


True in length, color & size as advertised. As others reported, silver zipper is problamtic & cheap, but it does work, once you play with it a little. Good semi-thick fabric which helps support my full figure curves. Nice strong boning in the front V neck, seems sturdy. I am street size 12, bra 38C, so I ordered the size Large, per their advertised instructions. Fits me fine. Being 5'-4", length hits me just under my knees, as advertised. Delivery was made good in 3-4 days, and in a zip lock bag, in another outer plastic delivery bag: was nice, as it arrived in a rainstorm. Good price for the look you get. Happy with overall order & fit. Would recommend.


5'7, about 190, ordered 12/14 and it fit beautifully.  Best deal for the fit and quality, I was able to wear a low cut strapless bra with out being visible. Not too skin tight on me, but hugs the cruves, length is sexy yet modest, overall pretty classy.


Omg this dress is so beautiful. I got so many Compliments. was the first dress i ever order from Amazon and I would Definitely buy more.


Love the look of this dress! Even though the plunge IS deep, it's actually very classy. With the right heels and axcessories, this dress compliments a very classic look. Pictures to come next month at our Christmas party.


