Ordered a small for my petite body but the small is way too to big for me. The style and texture is very nice along with the beautiful color.


Dress was beautiful


The zipper Did not work kept getting stuck the quality of this  fabric is poor...Very disappointed, considering the reviews that I had read, also you could see the breast cups through the dress... Which this looks very tacky in my opinion... well I guess I shouldn’t complain.... it was a $20 dress I guess you get what you pay for.


This dress is great for the price! I'm 5'1, about 150 pounds, very curvy, and I wear a D cup bra.  I purchased a medium and it fit perfect. The material is much better than I expected.


Dress fits for the most part as expected however you do need some sort of undergarments to create those death-defying lines as shown in the picture however the only drawback is that the fabric is a bit on the cheap side but the shape and cut is perfection if you have some extra meat on your bones in various places I suggest a corset or Spanx with this item


Really surprised by this dress! Especially the top! I was concerned it would fall down but it stayed up all night. I am 5'3, 140lbs and got a medium. Fit great.


the top of the dress didn't fit correctly. I have a smaller bust and ordered a large. The bottom fit but was thinner than I had hoped and the zipper kept getting jammed.The sleeves kept falling down and the wiring at the top was weird. I'm glad I bought the dress in advance of my trip and returned it the next day. The company was quick to refund my money.


I'm 5'2" and weigh 195 lbs and wear a size 12, ordered the large and it fit fine. Got plenty of compliments on this dress. I bought a plunge bra from target to keep my girls in place and that worked out fine.


Beautiful dress but didn't care for the fabric which wasn't bad but just wasn't as form fitting as expected. Guess if you buy it smaller it would be perfect


although this dress fitted as expected to some degree it came with a zip that did not zip and clearly was not for the dress. I came torn and the only positive thing was that the quality of the material was nice. I was extremely disapointed with this purchase and because I was visiting the states for a few days and ordered it online i could not return it.


such a great disapointment...I will get my dressmaker to change the zip and also stitch it properly.


