I purchased the dress with the intent of wearing it to a semi formal wedding. I'm so glad I gave it a shot, it fit perfectly. I'm 196lbs and 5'7.5 feet tall, I went with a large. I also wore spanx to smooth out any flaws. I would highly recommend.


Felt absolutely beautiful in this dress my mother in law is begging to borrow it. I am about 5'7" 175 pounds and I got the medium it was super comfy. But not made for a night out dancing as the sleeves are restricting on the arms when you want to reach up, I wore it to see lion king live . My hubby said men in the bathroom were talking about me as I waited for him. That was a compliment!!!


It was too small/tight ( I odered a larger size to ensure it would not be too clingy), in addition it had white elastic that could be seen against the red material and a large silver zipper in the back, that could have been used in a pair of jeans. I cannot wear this dress to the event I ordered it for. I'm disappointed I loved the style


Fit lovely and very comfortable soft material.


If you are a more full figured thicker girl this so is not for you. If your big breasted this definitely is not For u.  Also keep in mind the bottoms are not high waisted which for me was the main reason I purchased fit more like a bikini bottom, very disappointed will be mailing back


Zipper is cheap and does not zip.  I wear US12 36DD.  Very pretty idea and very pretty dress. After a fight with the zipper and assistance from another person, I was able to get it on. It just doesn't fit or flatter my breasts.  The bodice was surprisingly higher quality than I expected.  I was really looking forward to wearing this dress.


I love this dress, it fit my curves perfectly. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the wire for the V cut breast area pokes out the wrong way, so I had to bind it back  (That was hard). Also the zipper is really flimsy so just be careful. I'm not worried because my dress isn't super tight, and I have some extra room around my tummy area for the dress to give. But over all great purchase.


The dress is amazing if you have C cops or bigger.. I gave it to my friend with D ()() and she IT for her perfect ..this dress is not shape for woman that has small B and A size bras !!


I'm 5ft 5" and 160 lbs. Based on the size chart provided, I chose the Medium size and pink color. I wear size 10 in dresses and sizes 9-11 in jeans and medium tops.The downfall is that the size M was a little too big so I will be returning it for a size small. Be aware that the dress is very sheer so your under garment will be very visible. Nevertheless, the fabric is very smooth and soft and it looks and feels great! It's worth the price.


Cute design, poor quality. It's an inexpensive dress, but I'm usually able to find inexpensive items and jazz them up with quality shoes and accessories. It wouldn't happen with this dress. The material was reminiscent of swimwear, and the long, exposed silver zipper on the back was a bit gaudy. As soon as I began to take the dress out of the package, I could tell the quality was poor. It was packed up and ready to be returned within 10 minutes of being delivered. I couldn't even bother to try and work with it.


