I liked the fit of this dress and it was comfortable (and so did my date). The only things I found weird was the metal V that keeps the shape in the front and the breast pad placement. I removed the pads from the chest area and that helped.


Bought for a friend’s birthday party. Great fit and nice fabric.


Dress was so prettt I purchased the red and black. Decided to go with red for my anniversary dinner! The fabric is nice and thick. I had to remove the chest pads becuase they looked awkward. Just made a small cut and pulled them out.


Fits perfectly, exactly what I ordered no tears , zipper was a little hard when I put it on but great dress I definitely recommend this one I ordered a large 5'4 177 pounds


The dress is nice but my personal view is the material below is a bit transparent. Also I ordered a large which to my surprise is a bit big for me. I have B cup boobs so I don't think it pushes it up enough for me. All in all it's a nice dress. I bough it because of the reviews and pics. I will update my review with a pic when I wear it, if I wear it.


I'm 5'3 110lbs and ordered the white dress in a small. The breast pads poke out through the dress and the small was too big for me. Will be asking for a refund unfortunately


I ordered this for my birthday and it was great! I expected it to be cheaply made because of the price, but it wasn't. The material was decent quality-not too thin or thick- and it looks exactly as it does in the picture. I intend to buy more items from this company.


BUY THIS DRESS!! Perfect for a romantic night out or classy girls night! Wore this for my batchlorette party and it looked amazing!! Follow the fit guide and you should be fine. Amazing quality for the price. Will definitely consider buying more from this company.


Love the feel of the fabric ' got this for a wedding I will be atteding in a few weeks . I know white right'  this is what the Bride wants. How ever my shoulders are not wide enough so i will have it taking in just a bit. But the rest of it is great huggs my body just what ny Husband wants.


This is a great dress for the price. The fit is perfect, and the fabric is nice. It is a thicker material and hides imperfections.


