I used as a bridesmaids dress the were beautiful


The dress is pretty but it runs very large.  What I thought was my size was actually too big.  I also did not like that the zipper was exposed and its bright silver.  I sent it back.


The material felt really nice although the wine color has a lot more purple than the picture shows. It was too tight at the natural waist but the skirt went straight down from there. The sleeves don’t fit correctly and fall down. Lastly the dress had breast pads and a couple of shaping wires but it still sat straight out instead of against my chest and I’m pretty top heavy.


This dress is lovely and will make a statement...i'm size 18w n took a xxl n it fitted perfect without being too tight..upper was a lil loose( i am 40D) but nothing to notice..was able to put my strapless bra without showing.


Mine came with some stains so I wasn’t happy with that. I liked the color, true to picture, and the fit (I’m a size 14/16 tall and I got an XL). I read the reviews about the breast pads and the hard to find bra situation, and decided that it’s not for me. The V is just soincredibly low- more so then I thought after doing the research on the reviews. I do t think I’ll wver actually wear :(


was so excited to receive this, loved the color, Fit was a bit snug but with undergarments, doable however the breast pads are ridiculous!! the are round, small and akward, show thru!! I took to a seamstress friend, no way to remove them without having to redo top of dress. Gave to a friend who is not as generously proportioned on top, talking A cup, she could see the pads too but she covered with Balero jacket. SAD, best part of the dress was the top portion!! DO NOT WASTE your money or your time!


A medium would have fit better. I purchased a large but under the arms were a bit large. I'm 5'6" 160lbs. Great dress


Purchased this for my God daughter who is 5'7, 150lb, 36C, athletic build. She got a medium. It fit well, was a little loose and probably could've gotten away with a small. But overall it's very true to the pictures in color and style. Purplish blue not true navy blue.


Great dress and fit nicely.  I'm curvy and it looked good, the plunging neckline would require a deep strapless long line bra which i wore, because i am breasty.  Wore it for a white weekend, couples retreat with the church, got plenty of compliments.  My only comment would be that because of the material, i kept pulling it down, a larger size would have made the dress not fit properly but the material rose often.


Love the dress! I had to keep pulling it up but it worked so well.


