So Sexy!! Love it!! I'm usually a size 14-16, ordered the XL. Material does stretch - fits fine and dress is comfortable.


I was surprised that the dress was actually a little too large. I am 5'7" and 192 lbs and i ordered a XXL. I should have read the reviews. I will keep it as I do not like dresses too tight. Cute dress!


Very beautiful dress if you have a well endowed chest. Or size dd.  Fabric is well made, It hugs your body. I returned it because I don't have a big chest.


Love love love this dress.  It is very classy, yet sensual.  Being larger chested, I was concerned about the fit.  Also, I'm curvy and was worried that it would fit too small.  It fit perfectly.  Is very slimming even though I'm heavyset.  Beautiful classy dress.  I purchased 2x in the Navy color.  Will upload pics when I get a chance.  Love it.


Wore this dress for my 41st bday party and i loved it ..only complaint WAS the zipper it was difficult to work with , but a few tugs it went up .. very elegant and it came in 2 days with prime pleased...very pleased


Fit as expected.... just as in other reviews only thing I didn't like was the underwire (which can be removed)!


This dress is perfect for that night out on a budget!  The material is heavy and not at all cheap in its presentation. I can’t recommend it enough!  Believe the images that you see! I’m actually a size 16, 234 lbs and I ordered a XL. I’m also 5’8”. The fit was snug, but that’s the look I was going for.  However, an XXL would probably have worked as well. I’ll definitely be purchasing it in black and probably in purple as well.  Get it Girl!


Ordered for my daughter to wear under cap and gown from college graduation......she small framed so the smallest size was ordered....still too big


I read the reviews and ordered a size small instead of a medium... it looked lovely on me. I will admit the zipper was a bit harder to manage that could be worked on a bit


This dress was very well made. The stitching  was perfect and the material was very high quality!


