I don't remember if i got 2x in this dress, but somewhere there. Mind you, I cant wear 2x in anything else, I'll wear a XL or so mostly but it fits nicely and the material is ok for the price. I gave it four stars because the shoulder straps are a lil loose so they keep falling down, I will adjust them before i wear it but it was a good buy.


Update: I got XL....loving it


The dress is made of a really nice material and it doesn't feel uncomfortable at all. It's a little difficult to lift your arms, but I think if you're going to an elegant event, you won't be doing much of that anyway, so it's not a problem. The problem I DO have is that it's WAY too long. I'm 5'1"-5'2", and it almost reaches my ankles. Not sexy at all. I feel like a grandma, haha! I'm sure it would work for taller girls, though. But, if you're looking for something that shows off your legs (like me), then this isn't exactly the dress you should be getting. The zipper is also a pain to pull up. I had to get two of my friends to try and put this thing together.


But, if you still want it despite that and are looking for size, I weigh 135 lbs, so I got myself a small. It fit nicely and it wasn't too tight or too loose. Just right!


LOVE LOVE this dress, its true to pictures an fits great. Little advice go on size down when ordering because the material is super strecthy.. Best dress ever order I was the best dress at my staff party#100%..


I ordered an XL in the color burgundy. On my phone/computer this color looks like more of a wine color which is what I wanted. Unfortunately, it's really purple and I hate purple. I am 5'5" and i weigh 175, I have a big ass and hips with breasts on the small side (36 C). The dress was way too long (about 5" above my ankles) and wasn't form fitting at the bottom at all so it looked ridiculous. I could've ordered a medium and it would've fit perfect. The material is very thick and stretchy and soft. If I would've ordered a medium and the color would've been right this dress wpuldve been amazing. So order down at least a size from your normal size if not 2.


, it was a comfortable feel but the slightest touch or rub against anything and everything shows on that color the zipper did not stay all the way up it was hard to zip up and then was lazy staying up the wire in the middle is really a hard wire that you cannot bend should be a little softer and the Pasty pads that are built inside do not enhance or we're not removable and can see through the dress


Ok this dress is amazing from head to toe!! I ordered it for a wedding and it came right before the big day, so of course I was nervous about it fitting me. It fit me like a glove! This dress was is amazing. All heads turned when I walked into the weddin (even the brides, oops) The material is kinda stretchy so it worked for my butt (lol) I’m 6 ft and 220 pounds and I ordered an XL, it fit just right. The “V” cut was amazing kinda deep for me especially due to he fact that I only have a C cup, but I was able to wear a bra with it and it worked out perfectly. The V cut has these two bars going down which I really didn’t care for at first but once I put it on I legit loved it.The dress came down to my knees which was also perfect. I will be buying this dress again.


I bought this dress in white and used it as my grand exit/get away dress at my wedding (my big wedding dress wouldn't fit into my husband's convertible coupe).  IT WAS PERFECT!!!  My dad kept saying I looked like a movie star during the grand exit and nobody believed I got it from Amazon.  Dress material is a quality material that's not flimsy and has stretch to it.  I wore my Spanx underneath and no lines or anything showed through this white dress.  I normally don't wear bodycon style dresses but this one fit my perfectly and was flattering as well.  I have hips and butt but a small bust so I usually need a Large in this kind of dress, but the medium was the best fit for me throughout.  The V plunge is deep so I decided to go without a bra or petals and it worked fine for me.


Sexy af, this dress makes me feel so confident. I didn't want to keep the dress as long as it came so I shortened it it is longer when it comes in the package.


Love the dress. Super classy and very sexy. I'm 5'6 and 155lbs. I got a medium and it was about a half size to big. Still love it and am super happy with my purchase!


The dress is lovely, super sexy, ok quality and very flattering. Unfortunately I had to return it because I'm petite and the dress was a big too large for me. The seller was responsive during the return process and helped with the process.


