Had to return. I am an 8, but sometimes a 6. I have a larger chest but athletic, not a lot of breast tissue. This is definitely made for the curvy woman with a lot of natural boob fat on top, which I dont have... Rest of dress other than top was very nice, good quality fabric and beautiful color. The wire "V" is too dramatic and so dramaticly straight and oversized that it poked right through the material at the end points. I had to return it for that defect and not the right fit. I ordered a small and it would habe worked had the upper half not been so giving...


Love it!  Bought a M and I am 5'6 162 pounds. Thought it would be too small but after I wrapped my belly it was PERFECT! So many compliments. I let the arms fall naturally and found a great low plunge bra from Walmart that gave the perfect lift. Ordered on Sunday and got it on Wednesday.


This was suppose to be my birthday dress and now I'm having second thoughts. It fit really snug especially in my stomach area. It's a skin tight dress with little breathing room.  I purchased this because I saw other curvier/thicker girls in the comments saying it fit them well and they loved the dress. It's a okay dress I guess but not what I was expecting at all. Not really that flattering. Also the material of the dress is cheap. I'm a size XL 14 typically


Picture speaks for itself. Loved it!


Great Dress!! Fits a tad big but I will keep considering my weight fluctuates up and down. I can still wear though. Nice material considering price. Delivered on time as promised. Nothing negative to report. Will actually order in other colors. Would definitely recommend. Measurments 36dd, 31, 45. VERY hippy, big butt. If you want this dress to fit more snug with measurements like mine or a medium.


Beautiful dress, but it was too big for me around the chest area and waist.


Okay..so I'm  a "read the review" type of girl so the reviews got me to  purchase this dress in pink. The dress is not  terrible but its not the greatest heres why... first of all i feel you either need to be somewhat busty or have a really good push up bra, but the catch with the bra is that there is a chance it will  show based on how the cleavage is cut. Im a 34c about 155lbs and I got a M, the body of it fit fine but the cleavage was not fitting correctly. Also, the way the arms are, I felt restricted to leaving my arms down beside me...not that I intended to have my arms in the air all night but it was just a weird restricted feeling... (so party dancers beware) the material was pretty decent it is  thicker as other reviews mentioned, but the zipper on this was extremely hard to zip up, and I noticed a defect in the zipper shaft. All in all this is probably a hit or miss dress made for some but not for all...I will be returning.


 I loved everything about this dress. I purchased this for my 26th birthday dinner and I felt so beautiful in it. The fabric was perfect, the indigo blue complimented my skin well, it was comfortable, had stretch to it, and hugged every curve on my body. I’m 5’7” and wear size 8 jeans for the most part. I purchased a large at first and got a medium later because the large was a little bit too big & it folded in the back . The medium was a perfect fit. What I’m wearing in the photo was the large due picking up the wrong dress size before leaving out of town. The medium has less folding on fabric.


I work 2 jobs I don't have time to shop and I didn't wanna spend to much and then I seen this beautiful dress I said u know what let me try if it don't fit well then whatever I will just return it get something else it was perfect in size and fit so comfortable loved it 2 thumbs up from me


Needed a dress for my husband’s gala at work. I purchased this a couple months in advance and am I glad I did. It gave me time to find another dress. It is extremely cheap material and looks like it. Definitely can’t say I’m surprised though considering the price point. Returned it the very next day. Wouldn’t recommend this dress for anyone that is wanting to look “higher end”.


