Dress is really nice. The chest area has this weird padding and I’m hoping it won’t be too noticeable when I finally wear it, but my boobs like nice (kinda like the picture) even tho I’m pretty small. I took it to get fixed on the butt and leg area for a more snug fit. It feels better now. I ordered a small, I’m 5-1, 120 lbs. It comes down below the knees which I like.


My husband said ... WOW.. for reference sake I am 5/6 , 145...  38, 28 40  medium fits perfect.


I ordered a size small when I’m usually size M and it still seemed to fit loose in some places. The wire also started to poke through, the thread looked loose. It’s a really pretty dress though, just wasn’t a good fit for my body type


My dress came with a hole in it once I took it out the bag I saw it had a hole on the side. however it fit nicely and looks sexy. I will be returning it. I got a med so it Runs a little big, I’m around 195 pounds.


The material of this dress wasn't made very well plus the way it sits on your shoulders in the V in the middle was not flattering. Customer service was very understandable and returned very promptly.


I love this dress! It’s very classy while having a hint of sexy. I actually bought pre pregnancy but wore it even after I was 6 months along. It stretched and fit really well even then.


So this dress is cute but he zipper is the worst zipper I have ever touched. The size was pretty spot on with the chart but the zipper is so awful I am afraid to wear it. It is so fragile it could bust open at any point. I am returning it. The price may be worth it for some to just replace the zipper. The material is a little shear but I ordered it in white maybe another color will work ok but keep in mind you will have to replace the zipper.


LOVE this dress!!! Perfect birthday outfit I'm a good size 18, and I got the 2x. Fit like a glove! Already wishing I can wear it again soon. Lol.


At first I was somewhat skeptical about wearing the dress- (phobia of seeing every lump and bump)- I took the dress off, I tried another outfit, then I put the dress back on, and decided this might be the one.  OMG, I was told numerous times that I was the best dressed.  I received so many compliments.  This dress is worth IT!!!! If you are thick and curvy like me (you might want to try a pair of spanx)


Everything about this dress was right.. Very thick material that helps hold everything in place.. Light padding in the front to help hold things up... lol


Buy this dress!


