This dress is gorgeouss. I am 5' 6" 250.  This dress fits amazingly well.  Hits just under my knee. I do recommend support undergarments.  I also purchased a modesty panel since I have fairly large breast (38DD) and this dress leaves nothing to the imagination in that department.  Very sexy, perfect for a date night.  Highly recommend, especially for the price it's very well made.


My wife wore this dress to an "All white attire Party" and she received soooo many compliments. It was true to size and the material was good thick material. The only issue she had was the padding in the breast area was awkward, but she was able to remove it. Overall, a real sexy dress, especially for a curvaceous women.


I bought the pink/peach color. Very cute! Thick and comfortable fabric. Size runs a bit larger than normal but it is completely manageable.


It was big for me in th boob area but that’s because my breast are kinda small 36D. But Other than that the dress is great material (in my opinion). I’m 5’0 156 pounds and I got a large because that’s usually my size in shirts but I’m 12 in dresses so I figured the same, 12=large. I would’ve been better with a medium but it wasn’t too big to the point where I had to return it.


Bought this dress for a wedding. After reading reviews I ordered 2 sizes a Med & a Small just to be on the safe side. I usually wear a medium. I'm 5'8, 150lbs, and b/c chest. The medium was Way to big on me but the small fit perfectly. The material is thick and forms to the body. Did not wear a bra underneath. The back zipper is cheap quality though and did not glide smoothly.


Got a lot of compliments on the dress!


Even though it was a little large I NEVER got a chance to wear it! When the dress arrived to me by mail m, the dress was COMPLETELY RUINED! It had 3 PERMANENT MARKER STAINS OR  BLACK INK OF SOME SORT ON THE BACK BY THE ZIPPER NEAR THE SEAT OF THE DRESS! I tried to was it out, Nothing worked! It seems like it would have been a cute dress had it Not was Ruined when I got it! I will take a loss for my money but I will Never purchase anything from this store again!


I bought this dress for a black tie event. There is potential for a nip slip if you move certain ways, but it isn't that easy to make it happen.


Very popular dress! Went to a wedding and 2 other girls were wearing the dress in different colors lol. The dress is made for a bustier woman. It will show under garments ... there is a sorta bra sewn in but it doesn't fall in the correct spot...


Loved it! Great quality!


Would give it 4.5 if I could. Very flattering. Even if it's not your new LBD it's a great, cheap addition to your closet. A reliable and sexy dress.


