It fit perfectly! I am 5'3" about 150lbs and I ordered a Medium. Only thing I didn't care for was how the small pads in the bust were positioned. Maybe the pads were too small. They should cover the entire are of the bust more so they can't be seen through the fabric. For the cost and how fast i recieved it. AMAZING!


My boobs were my fear in this dress. It's low cut and seemed like a dress that I might have to worry about adjusting all night. NOT AT ALL. My boobs stayed inside AND looked great in the dress. I didn't have to adjust at all. If anything, I was partying harder than I needed to in such a gorgeous dress. The material and way it hugged me made me feel comfortable moving however I wanted ALL NIGHT.


This dress fit wonderfully. I got a 2xl, I'm 5'1" and normally wear 16/18 in regular non stretch clothing ( ie jeans, formal dresses etc)  I was suggested this dress on social media and when I found it, I fell in love. It's grown and sexy but leaves a little something to the imagination. It's well constructed and the material isn't flimsy or thin. I was able to wear my "shape and snatch" undergarments without worrying. Its a great dress, for a great price.


Cheap material, not what I was expecting at all. Other reviews said the dress looked expensive and the fabric was beautiful. Lies!!!!! I'm I got it today and I'm returning it tomorrow DO NOT BUT THIS DRESS!!!! YUCK


What I loved most was the thickness of the material. It didn't look or feel cheap. The length was perfect, exactly as the picture shown. The V in the bust area had hard plastic or metal sewn into the dress so it will keep your boobies right in place without bending or folding if you're a full-busted woman. What I liked least was the stitching was very poor considering the fact that the material has some stretch to it and it's supposed to fit snug. I had to take my dress to a seamstress to reinforce every seam before I could even wear it. The seamstress showed me how the stitching was spaced too far apart and the thread used could have been a better quality as well.


Wore this dress to an event...was a complete "knock-out"!  I was definitely the "belle of the ball".  Got many compliments from women and men.  Stood out from all the rest!


This dress would have been nice to wear but the structure that supports the stand up portion on the front v shaped area of the dress was so very strangely made. The other parts of the dress fit well. Disappointed. Don't count it out just did not work for me. Maybe you will have better luck.


Loved this dress! Fit like a glove! I’m 5’3 and 265 lbs, and I purchased the 2x. I’m mostly boobs and belly, and this dress complimented my frame exceptionally well. Very impressed with the fabric and fitting for such a low price. Only reason why I didn’t give it 5 stars is because of the zipper. Heads definitely turned while out in this dress.


I really liked this dress. It had nice quality material. It fit as expected. The v cut was maybe lower than i would have liked it to be but i was #stillcute


I received sooo many compliments on this dress. I’m 5’5 and a size 14/16. So I ordered an XL, but a L would have been fine because the material has some stretch. Only complaint I have is that the zipper shows. Having fabric over the zipper would have made the dress perfect!


