Beautiful dress!! I ordered a Large and it fit perfectly!. I am 5ft10, 190lbs with a 36C chest.  The material of the dress is stretchy and thick but perfect.  It smooth out my imperfections.  Will definitively recommend this dress


UGH, I LIVE FOR THIS DRESS! I was concerned about the fit because I am broad shouldered and big hipped. I am a large on top and about 2x (size 20) on the bottom, but it fit perfect! The material is super soft and breathable, very well made too! and the padding for the chest was spot on. Made me feel so sexy! I would absolutely purchase from the seller again! *I did not get offered anything for this review, it is genuine*


A real head turner ! I ordered an 2x . I'm a size 14/16. I love it !


Really pretty dress. I'll need to adjust the shoulder straps they are a little loose on me, but other than that I live it.


Purchased this dress for a burlesque show. I'm not a huge fan of dressing up, but I really loved this dress and the way it fits. I have long legs (36" inseam) so it's very difficult to find a dress that actually comes below the knees on me. This one does. I get self conscious about my legs and thighs when I wear any sort of body-hugging dress, but the extra length on the skirt really flatters most any shape. Very stretchy. Material isn't super thick, also something to note.


 Amazing and beautiful. Fits great so glad I ordered this dress


I bought this dress to attend an all white birthday party. It arrived in two days which was the day before the party so I was worried that it wouldn't fit but it was perfect. I'm absolutely happy with my purchase. (Except the weird breast padding the kept moving all night and my waist trainer was kinda printing through the fabric). I would recommend this dress to anyone who wants to look sexy yet classy.


The dress is cute. I'm 6'0" tall but the material did not lay right on my lower back. This is an issue I have frequently with dresses though. I tried pulling it down and adjusting it several different ways but it never laid right in the back, Other than that it was well made. I returned the dress but on the right body type would be very cute.


Sexy af!!! Nice,  middle weight scuba material with just a little stretch. I'm 5'9, 280 and bottom heavy. I ordered a xxl and it fits like a glove and stops just below my knee. I can't wait to wear out!


I’m bottom heavy and the nice stretch and feel of the material is nice. It reminds me of clothes out of Charlotte Russe or Forever 21. I gave it three stars because I took off one star for the  UN necessary breast pads ( which the maker should leave out), and I have to take the dress to a seamstress to get them taking out so I can wear regular pasties and not show visibly directly under the dress. And I took off another star because the V shape metal wire is not bendable/ flexible. But the dress fits fine and snug, I just need to lose my stomach fat to look better in the dress. I ordered a large ( I’m a 15/16 in clothes). This will be cute once I accessorize the dress. But for the price it was good. I was going to order the red but I’m glad the peach looked good on my skin tone.


