Got this dress as a last minute dress to replace my birthday dress that broke. Shipment was delayed so I never received on time. So I decided to wear to a friend's wedding. I got so many compliments. This dress is absolutely beautiful. The only flaw was the pads. I'm pretty sure they're in there because you can't wear a bra with this dress. But if you have large boobs ( me 42DD) those pads look horrible. Quick fix, a small tear on the inside and take them out. Other than that, I highly recommend you buy this dress!


You can't beat the price. To create you would spend more on buying materials than this sales price. The material is a thick polyester blend with slight spandex blend. It photographs pretty good and looks more expensive on than out of the bag. I really love it especially for the price. I'm 5'3 bust 38 D, waist 40, hips 51 size xxl was fitted the way I wanted it.


Looks exactly like in the picture but it is too big


A bit more fitted than i tend to wear these days (i'm very bottom heavy), but I love the styling. Good fabric. The sewing quality could use work (the boning that creates the deep V at the bust was poking out of the seam when i got it... i can sew, so this is an easy fix with some hand-tacking for me, but others might not have that ability). Also the boning for the V jutted out at an odd angle away from the chest; i just used pliers to mold it into more of a curve that lays well against the bust. So, it was a fixer-upper for me. BUUUUTTTTTT... for the price? It's a go.


Perfect fit! WRONG COLOR ! Ordered black had a navy blue dress sent to me. Needed dress for an event the weekend I ordered a few days before needed it for a Sunday received Thursday evening wrong color ! Dress also had a seam busting in the front but otherwise nice dress fits great has great stretch but not the color I need for my shoes at the event for the weekend ! Will try to update with pics after wearing ! Debating on trying to return for correct color but only have two days ! Update : although dress was the wrong color still beautiful! Great fit ! I purchased a large and it had great stretch ! I purchased black but this color was still nice and turned out great for the wedding I wore it to !


Loved the fit of the dress. I am a size 14/16 (15 really), the XL was a great fit for curves, not to snug. There is a wire sewn into the V-cut to hold the design that is not alterable. There are boob pads sewn into place, a little to high, as I guess for extra boobage but does not compliment any boobs I've seen. I would have given the dress 5 stars if not for the boob pads, the silver zipper, and the fact that the V is so low that I had to scour several stores to find boob support acceptable that would not be visible from casual site nor taller people looking down at me. Depending on your bra size, I recommend the sticky bra cups that snap low in the front. However these do not provide the cleavage lift or support you might be looking for. Overall, for the price it's a nice dress!


This dress is ANAZIG for the price! Only thing I had an issue with was the zipper in the back kept slipping down a little nothing too major but it’s shown in picture how low it would slide down.


The cut was awkward and unflatterring. The color was not apricot but Barbie pink. The breast pads were clearly visible and the size of a pepperoni -- looked like oversized pasties/nipples. The dress sat on my curves like a loosely wrapped towel-- not good. SO bummed. I was optimistic about this dress and so disappointed when it got here. Returned.


Love this dress perfect for date nights.  Material was good quality.  Awesome buy


