I bought this dress for a holiday party and I really was excited about wearing the dress. I bought shoes and jewelry for the dress but the night of holiday party the zipper got stuck and split at the bottom. I was extremely unset because my party was getting ready to start in a few hours. I rushed home to find a last-minute dress and I did. However, after taking the dress off the zipper zip up just find. Now I didn't know if the dress was just the wrong size or the zipper only work when your body was in it. By the way, I tried on the dress several time before the big day and never had a problem until the night of the party. When I discovered the zipper was ok when I took it off, I was scared to wear it then because I was afraid it would do what it did earlier and split. I will be returning the dress. Disappointed customer!


If I didn't know anything about fashion I might love this dress as it has a classy beautiful look. However, after seeing it on other women in these reviews I want to warn you that this dress is for the full figured woman! I'm a thick white chick, but not thick enough for this dress. It is bulky, sits funny on my breasts and the zipper on the back is just poor design. The dress is very stretchy, no need for a zipper!


Do not recommend for smaller women.


The dress fits perfectly. I bought a XL and it hugged just right.


It was a perfect fit


Loved this dress. The zipper did give me a hard time but I worked through it. It was comfy and the material was stretchy. Only downside it was hard finding a bra to accommodate the cut, but I decided not wear one. There's padding in the dress.


Love this dress. Neckline is definitely a but daring as its very low plunging... I had to cut the length to make it go above my knees a bit. Dress is comfy and color is very pretty.  It's quite loose, wish it was tighter. Still love it though...


I concur with others who say that if you are in between two sizes, size down.  The dress, although it doesn’t look like it, stretches and is very flattering.  If you have cellulite or a lumpy lower half like me (I just had a baby) I look for dresses with thick material that conceal.  Everything is smooth in my butt and the back of my legs.  Excellent value for the money!


Loved this dress!! Was the perfect fit.  Wore the straps up... but they look good off shoulder too. Wore to a wedding.


The dress is beautiful and I received a lot of compliments from a lot of people of all ages. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the stitching in the dress was a little poor. The dress wasn't skin tight but fit my curves. The stitching came undone in two areas. One was unnoticeable the other was somewhat unnoticed but it had to be pinned with a safety pin since I was already at an event. Other than that, loved it!!!!


Dress fit perfectly, I usually wear xl but based on reviews I got a large. I'm 5' 9" 220lbs and it was an exact fit. Big hit at the event I attended. Looks just as shown in the pic.


