This is a really great dress it's very sophisticated on & classy & made extremely well. I went up 1 because of reviews & it could be way tighter. But still looks cute & is really comfy too. It looks just like the picture & is great material. It's a must have. Arrived n no time. Buy even 1 size down from normal if u want this to appear form fitting, it's stretchy. I'm 5'2" & 102 PDs but 34DD I could hv purchased a small


The fit is amazing! However, be prepared to show some serious cleavage.  Decided to wear another dress for the occasion I bought it for but didn't want to look desperate.  Will wear on a date night at a later date...


Does not fit to size.  Fitting in the waist with stretchy fabric, but the bust area is oddly made and not a great fit at all.  The cleavage area also is not accurate and the support for breast are awkwardly placed inside the dress.  Odd fit and not attractive.  Pic is misleading.


I received my item on yesterday and I love it. I way about 216 however I am 5'7 and I ordered large. I have no complaints except for the dress comes pass my knees. The bra part for me fitted perfect I no longer have to wear a bra with this dress.


I liked the dress, it was exactly as described and it came quickly. I am returning it and will only give it 4 stars because it is really large. I am a 32DD and the chest area of the small was still much too baggy and big to even stay up on my body. If you've got the curves to fill out the dress I'd imagine it's beautiful though!


Somewhat large in the boobs area.  I am 34b, 126lbs, 5"4. I love it just the same. Will do a little adjustment.


The dress was okay. The zipper is definitely cheap but the material is stretchy. You get what you pay for but i pulled it off for a wedding. I don't know if I will wear it again because some of the stitching is already coming apart and the underwire out of the top. The padding is also horrible in the boob areas.


Cute, good material, sexy...but, runs big. I wear a size 6 and the small was still too large. This dress is supposed to be tight so if they had an extra small I would have been happy. It's going back.


Wow wow wow! Bought for a Vampire costume I rocked with pointed pumps, a cape jacket, and some custom made fangs for an elegant, modern look. Got so many compliments, not just on my cleavage, but this dress! People were asking were to get it and thought it was much more expensive! So classy and beautiful with that nice sexy touch of shoulders and chest. Fit wonderfully and probably still would have if I was a bit bigger. It was definitely a show-stopper and won me a “best costume” contest! No regrets, definitely one of my best online clothing purchases.


Very comfortable dress fitting my baby belly. Its not intended for maternity but the fabric is very giving, but still thick. I got tons of compliments and made me feel very good and confident. I recommend this dress for maternity or not. The only thing to be aware of is the v clasp in the front bends quite easily revealing a lot of cleavage if you're not paying attention.


