AMAZING, COMFY dress for the price you pay!!


I am 5'4", a 32DDD, 26" waist and 37" hips and the 6 fits me well.  I love this dress, although I may have the cowl neck altered as it isn't super flattering on me.  Here's the thing about the length - this dress is meant to be hemmed.  I don't think anyone will be able to wear this right off the rack without it dragging on the ground unless you're extremely tall and/or wearing extremely tall heels.  The dress is meant to pool at the bottom and have a fishtail train in the back.  I will likely have to have 6" taken off the front but significantly less in the back, as I like the fishtail train look. For the price, it's a great gown and dress.


I absolutely love this dress !!!! Can't wait to wear it !!!


Beautiful dress! fit just as it looks in picture. Nice quality


I ordered xL fits perfect


Material is stretch


I'm 5'10


211lbs


Bust 36


Waist 34


Hips 45


This is the most prettiest wedding dress ever!!!!!!! I am 5 7, 145, 27 waist, 40 hips, and I ordered a large.  It could be smaller, but I need room to exhale and eat :). Simple, classy and perfect! If you are looking for an affordable dress look no more! Now, I have two wedding dresses and had I found this one sooner it would have been the one!!!!  My other wedding dress is gorgeous but its very long and hard to dance in.


My plan is to wear the traditional wedding dress for the ceremony, and change into this one right after (reception).


Classy x sexy x simple x affordable x gorgeous x fast shipping x well made dress x great beach dress x engagement party


This dress is sensational!  Definitely gives you that old Hollywood glam!  Fits great, just a tad too big at the top for my measurements.  Other than that, it's wonderful!


Love this


Wrong item!! Not at all like description, ordered navy, received black dress with slit and completely different material then described.


Fits great, feels great


