Fit is great however it is not white lace.  As I write this review, it is labeled Illusion Gold.  When I go back to the dress, it only says white lace so beware that this dress is NOT white lace!  Looks off white.  Apparently all of the lace dresses have a White gold backgroud.


Perfecto


Dress was simply amazing. Bought it to where to a gala and it fit perfectly. I am 5'10 and about 220 pounds and purchased the size 2x and it fit perfectly. No alterations needed. My hubby loved it.


I am in love with this dress. I wasn't too sure about it because of the look of the seams, but I love this dress. I bought the royal blue color with plans of using it as a base for a costume I'm working on and I couldn't be happier.


I wore this just last night.  It's made well and looks expensive.  My only issie is the zipper which is kind of tricky,  but for the price,  I got over it.  I got soooo many compliments on it and the color is fantastic!  You won't be disappointed.  At all.


Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful.


The fit was amazing. I ordered a size up because I did not want my dress to be too tight, and I am so glad I did.


The dress is flattering, I looked amazing!


I would recommend anyone looking for a dress to get this one. I actually wish I could get it in the blue as well.


nice overall, except made for a very tall women. i am 5.7 its needs to go at least 5 inches shorter even with high heels


Beautiful form fitting dress though it still hides my small post baby bump. I did need to have it altered to my height, it needed the zipper moved up to hide the back of my bra and keep the sleeves on my shoulders. Other than that..... perfect.


This dress is everything all the reviews says it is. Its wonderful. The fabric is thick and sewn very well, its body hugging but not small, and its stretchy. I'm 5'6 and when wearing 5" heels the is perfect! Love love love!!


This dress was a great for something to wear that looked spectacular for a formal event. It was longer than I expected when I put it on. I did have to hold it up when I walked. I added a rhinestone belt to give it a little pop. This dress is an awesome backdrop for the right accessories. I'm very hippy and it worked great for that.


