Ran way small, but really cute


Beautifully designed fits like a glove


Love this dress!  Exactly what I hoped for!


Nice dress! Very elegant! I'm 5'2 so I had to get the dress altered before I wore it because it has a lot of extra fabric at the bottom. Other than that it fit perfectly in a size medium... material does stretch but all in all I am very happy about my purchase!


This was a wonderful dress - wore it to med. school formal and got all the compliments :) A friend even told me her boyfriend encouraged her to get a dress like mine (she was quite gracious about that comment...). It was very long though, as other reviewers have mentioned. I'm 5'8" and even in 4" in heels was a bit worried about tripping. If you are under 6' with shoes, be sure to leave time to get it hemmed.


It is very long. Even for someone in heels.  I had to hem it by almost 6 inches.


I have to say for the price and the structure of this dress it is a great buy! I am 5'2" and a little curvy usually wearing a pants size of 4-5 and chest is 32D/32C...so size Small was my choice and it's great! It's too long for me, but I always have the issue with gowns so it was expected, and it just needs a hem if you're shorter. The green is not as pictured and is more of an evergreen, which I loved the color pictured, but this green is nice too and the dress is beautiful. The material is stretchy and forgiving, and very smooth & shiny; it is worth the purchase if you're thinking about it.


I looked great and it gave me a hour glass shape. Perfect for the wedding!


good buy


Very good quality stretch fabric (like a pretty swimsuit).  Very flattering cut for a fuller figure.  I'm a 10-12, 5'6" and I initially bought a 2XL which is a little baggy on me.  I will probably exchange for a smaller size.  Color (green) is slightly more forest/hunter than kelly (as pictured), but still very pretty.  Bought for possible use as a mermaid costume, but ended up not liking the top for that.  It's so pretty that I'm keeping it, though.


