This dress was better than I expected! I ordered it for a wedding I was attending. The material is great and the fit is perfect! It’s true to size! I got so many complaints on it and I loved it!


I am so very happy with this beautiful dress. ...quality material and good craftsmanship with an exceptional cut to the pattern. A friend bought a different dress from this maker with the same wonderful review.


The dress is great for the price. I ordered it in white. At 6ft tall and 215pounds I ordered a xxl and it was way too big. Great if you need something formal for a one night affair but you do not want to spend a ton of money. I'd say give it a try. It cant hurt and with amazon prime it comes in 2 days.


I could not believe how good this made me look! Don't hesitate! I am 5'6", size 14, with a smaller chest than booty so I wore a push up bra to balance my tummy and hips. I felt so confident all night ... not fat at all which I was so worried about in a mermaid gown. The lace fabric hides so much and has just the right amount of stretch and support. It's a little thick in a good way. I wore spanx under but probably didn't even need to. I was in a hurry to find something for a ball since my first dress ordered online didn't fit properly. I ordered this on a Friday afternoon with overnight shipping and it got here by 12:30 Saturday! I know they can't promise that every time but I was glad I took the risk. I ordered the lace black since it was one of the only styles which could be overnighted and was more impressed than I thought I would be. It has a gold backing which is actually all one solid fabric. Therefore I was able to hem the front panel in about 45 min (haha... only because I haven't used my sewing machine in years, it shouldn't take that long for most people). There are 4 panels with the mermaid gown. I'm 5'6" and wore booties with 3" heels (with socks no one could see since it was a rainy cold night). I eyeballed how much hit the grown when I tossed it out away from my body and ended up cutting 3" off the front panel and tapered the side panels from that 3" down to 0" over a 12" width. So I ended up hemming less than half of the side panels, and less than half of the full dress. I tried it on again and it was pretty close to sitting right at the floor in front so I folded the edges over twice really small and pinned it. Sorry for the dumbed down version, just trying to prove anyone with very basic sewing skills can handle hemming the lace version of this dress. It is very easy fabric to work with. It's thick enough it won't bunch or snag. You can do this! It looked stunningly beautiful to leave that train in back and I could still dance in it. A woman 5'8" to 6' could wear this without hemming with the right height of heels.


This dress was a hit got alot of compliments which felt great being that I had just had a baby...I wish I would have went a size down because it does stretch so go with your true to size I got a lx I could've got a lg


I really just didn't like the way the dress fit. It didn't look much like the picture online and there wasn't as much material as the pictures of customers. It was vaguely shaped like a trumpet dress.


This dress is amazing! Someone's review I read before purchasing it said, "Stop thinking about it, just buy it," and I'm so glad I did. I'm 5'6 - bust 35, waist 29.5, hips 39 - and a medium fit great! I did have to hem three inches off, and I probably could have gone for four without losing the draping effect.


I needed a formal gown for an event, preferably with a 1920s or 30s look. I ordered this in green, size small. It arrived on time and fit perfectly, though was perhaps a little too long for me even with 3ish inch heels on. The material was very nice and the dress received compliments all night! Definitely recommend.


For those looking for body stats to compare to, I am 5'8 and my measurements are roughly 33 (28F) - 24 - 35.


Beautiful dress in person. Love the feel of the fabric. Had to return it because it did not look god o me but it is a really ice dress for the price.


Dress is very nice, fit great, and good quality fabric for the price. HOWEVER, I paid for overnight shipping to get the dress 2 days before my event. It did not arrive on time and I had to rush out to buy another dress on the day of my event. Disappointed.


