I read MANY of the reviews posted for this dress before I ordered it. They were all extremely helpful. Some of the comments I found to be spot on and some not at all. Here is what I have for those of you interested in purchasing this gown. The white, while not see through, does have a sheerness to it. Not enough to be immodest if you don't wear a slip but make sure you have nude underwear on at the very least. I am 5'8". The XL dress hit perfectly and even without heels wasn't dragging on the ground. With 3 inch heels it was perfect length. My measurements are 40-34-41. The top portion fit perfectly as did the bottom. I could have gone with a Large as it is a tad loose. Not loose enough to make it look bad but definitely not tight. I checked the size chart before ordering and with my waist, the XL, was what would work. I am tempted to order the L as this dress does have stretch to it and would probably fit me much better. Overall it is a BEAUTIFUL dress and I highly recommend it. I am wearing it for a cosplay as Jenny Blake from "The Rocketeer" but honestly, this would be perfect for any fancy event. It DOES run long so keep that in mind when ordering. :)


This dress is PERFECT! It is the perfect amount of stretchy in all the right areas. This dress hugs your curves and it makes me feel so sexy! I bought this for a wedding I will be attending in September and I am so pleased with my purchase! I am short (5'3) so the dress is long even in heels! So I will be taking it to have it hemmed. Other than that this dress is everything I was looking for and more. If your on the fence about this dress, I say just go for it and see for yourself how good this dress can make you look. (fyi- I purchased a body shaper to go under this to hide my "mommy tummy") If you have any tummy insecurities, just purchase a shaper and this dress will be perfect!!!


The dress is as pictured.  I ordered a medium since most of the reviews stated that the fabric was stretchy.  It is.  I am a size 10, 5'6 ft, and 160lbs (athletic build) for reference.  I got a purple dress and it is a deep eggplant purple, very close to the one in the picture.  Construction seems like good quality, but I haven't worn it out so I can't yet say.  Like most of the reviews shared, the dress is a bit too long for me but will be perfect for my sister who is 5'10 (got two).  Even with heels, I might have to hem it up a bit.  The neckline is a little tricky since if I pull the shoulder straps over my shoulder the material bunches up in the neckline a little, but if I pull the straps off my shoulders, it becomes like a boat neckline.  Either way looks very pretty, or I might pin the side with a broach like one of the reviewers did! I gave this dress a 5 star rating because it is a fantastic buy for its price point.  This dress would easily run $100+ if bought at a bridal shop.


The item arrived earlier than expected which is a +++.


I loved the dress but I unfortunately had to return it because it wasn’t long enough for me. I probably could have bought shorter shoes but didn’t want to have to buy new ones. Beautiful dress fit just like the size chart said it would, dress does have a stretch to it. I am 5’9” 150lbs athlete body type. measuring 38X27X38. hope this helps.


This dress is absolutely gorgeous. I can't believe it's only $40! It does run long so if you're short you might need to have it hemmed. I'm 5'9" and had to wear heels with it or else it would drag on the ground. Can be worn sleeveless or off the shoulder for more of a capsleeve look. Just be aware that this dress does show pretty much EVERYTHING so I opted not to wear underwear. Even though the back is a little low I was able to wear a bra no problem. Love the seams around the hips. Absolutely beautiful.


You really can't do better than this dress for the price, but, sadly I have to return bc it is REALLY small and there is NO give whatsoever. I followed the dressmakers size chart, not Amazon's, still too small. I also ordered another dress from them in the same order, loved that one, too, that dress was a size smaller, but fit perfectly. Completely different material, though. Really regret having to send this back. The material is almost like a sateen, pretty shiny, slight cowl/drape neck, would definitely recommend if you are a large (10/12) in dresses or below :)


This dress was more than I expected it to be. Fits great, has good stretch and is very sliming. I am typically a size 10, but pretty hippy and thick so I ordered a large and it fit perfect. I highly recommend.


I wish there was a 10 star rating. This dress is form fitting and flattering, and long enough for tall people. I didn’t go with what reviews said (which recommended going a size up), I went by my measurements: 5’9” 150lbs, 89cm bust, 70cm waist, 98cm hips. I ordered a SMALL in royal blue and it fits perfectly, with room to eat and leg room to walk. I would not recommend sizing up, just measure yourself accurately. If I had ordered a medium, I would’ve had the actual cowl neck appearance but it would’ve been too big everywhere in the body.


I'm 5"8 and about 125 lbs. fit perfectly. Would buy again. Can be worn off the shoulders or not


I purchased this dress as an emergency for a banquet event and I am so glad I did. After reading the reviews, I decided to go with an XL. It was true to size and hugged every curve. I normally have to tailor dresses due to my shape but not with this one. I received many compliments all night. Anyone looking for a dress for an event, I highly recommend this one. I will be purchasing from seller again.


FYI: My measurements are 38-32-52 and purchased the XL


