This dress was really pretty, very classy. I wish it had fit! Unfortunately, it felt too tight in the hips for me, and would not have allowed enough movement for a NYE party with dancing, so I had to send back. My measurements are 35/27/39; a size up would be too big in the chest for me. The material was a substantial weight, so the dress hung nicely. As mentioned in other reviews, the fabric lining is gold--but not an obnoxious hue--and makes this dress even prettier. I'm 5'6.5" and even on tiptoes it was pooling on the floor, so it would have needed to be hemmed even with 3+" heels.


Beautiful dress!! I am 5'3 and 148lbs. I ordered the large and it fit perfectly. I love that it can be off shoulder and on. it's really long but goes great with high heels.  The material is light and firm and I can't wait to wear this to Burns Nicht at the scottish foundation!! It's such a classy dress and i was so happy at how affordable it was!


The dress fits nice. I'm 5'2 so it was extremely long and tight at the bottom which made walking awkward. I ended up returning it because it just wasn't right for me. It shows EVERY flaw (like cellulite and tummy) so you definitely will need under garments if you don't want it to show. Over all its ok for the price


THE MOST beautiful dress I now own. I wore the black one to a wedding and I must say I have never felt sexier and thinner. The material is very giving and hugs every one of my curves where it needs. I am a 38-39-44 and I bought a xl at first but it was way to tight up top and made me look like the Addams family mom so I returned it and Got the xxl and I AM SO HAPPY I DID! It is perfect!  You will not be disappointed I promise!


Let me clarify if you are about 5'7 and shorter - YOU WILL HAVE TO HAVE THIS TAILORED - IT'S VERY LONG.


That said...I AM ONE SATISFIED CUSTOMER, because the dress length was my only problem. It otherwise fit like a dream and am just AMAZED by this dress!!! 😊😊😊😊


Love this dress! My friends and I were going to a Yule ball in honor of Harry Potter. This dress was the 1st important thing I ordered from the internet (I say important because I ordered it extremely last minute). I would order this dress again in a heartbeat! I included the only pictures I had of the night (Please ignore my messy bathroom)


I'm 5'9 144 lbs and the small fits amazingly with a little extra room in the waist. It is also the right length to wear with heels for me. The color is a beautiful emerald green. The seams are a bit itchy, but for a 40 dollar dress, I can overlook that.  If you have any areas you are uncomfortable with I would plan on wearing spanxs under it as it is tight around the hips and midsection.  Overall completely worth it.


Really pretty, but snags super easy. One time use at best. But for the price, it's not bad and usually you only wear a dress like this once. Just be careful and don't sit on brick, wood or cement. (like most outdoor wedding decor)


I can't even put into words how much I loved this dress. I am 5'3', 120lbs, and 34D and the small fit perfectly! It is a bit long, so you might need to get the length adjusted a bit, however with 5-6 inch heels, you'll be fine and can probably get away with not tailoring it (which I didn't). I wore this dress to a gala, and it was perfect for the occasion, and fit surprisingly well. It is stretchy, so I was able to dance all night and still be comfortable while looking elegant at the same time. I'm pretty critical when it comes to online purchases, and I can easily say this is the best online purchase that I have ever made without a doubt!


What a great dress for the price! Stretchy fabric accommodates my ample chest.


I didn’t like the way to neckline was, it was kinda high and the  cowl didn’t dip down much. I was able to put a few stiched in that completely changed it. Bought for a Mardi Gras event, but will use for others!


