I LOVE THIS DRESS! Purchased it in a 2XL in white for my wedding and it looks so nice on me! Hugs my curves in all the right places, feels good on this skin, looks like I paid several hundred dollars for it, and has a nice amount of give around the hips and butt (which I need). It could've been slightly longer (I'm 5'10", 230, and very curvy, so I can handle the length), but that's okay. I'm VERY happy with it! If you're hesitating (like I did), don't!  I must've read 100 reviews over a week before purchasing. I even bought another dress before I bought this one (which was WAY more expensive), and I didn't even like the way it looked on me! Now, I can return the other one and rest easy knowing that I'll be stunning on my big day!  Okay...now off to find one of those cute little veil headpieces!


STOP THINKING ABOUT IT AND BUY THIS DRESS!


I wasn't able to collect the dress when it was delivered however based on feedback I was told the zip was malfunctioning. got a refund from amazon however when I did see the dress the zip was fine ( I changed it for good measures and returned the refund) this dress was gorgeous on me. I got a lot of compliments. I would have hoped that the droop at the front had more of a belly but I wore it off the shoulder instead. the quality is very good and satiny however I gave it four stars as it kept on ripping on my watch.


Beautiful! It's stretchy gold material with stretchy white lace overlay. From 3 feet away, it looks ivory/silverish. So, can go with any color. I am 5'11'' size 6. I wore the small. Perfect length. No alterations necessary!!!


It was my wedding dress! I wore a long double veil, pearl necklace, pearl bracelet, and deep red rose bouquet with ivory open-toe sandal shoes covered with pearls. My hair was up to one side with curly tendrils and a pearl hair clip. Gorgeous! And inexpensive.  So, had money to spend on a wonderful honeymoon!


I would definitely buy again and say 'I DO' again!


I bought this dress as a last resort for a white party gala red carpet event in Miami. I could not be happier! It fits amazing, love the material and it is super comfortable!!! My only criticism is that even in 5 inch heels it's long but it doesn't bother me and easy to fix. STUNNING DRESS want it in every color!!


This dress was worn by my daughter at my renewal ceremony in November and fit great. She is typically a medium-large in juniors and ordered a medium in this dress. Very classy and comfortable for a tom boyish 15 year old.


This dress is gorgeous. The material is nice, thick, and sturdy.  I'm 5'9" about 165lbs and I got a medium. Length was perfect. It went down to my feet but was not scrubbing the ground. Bought new heels I could not see them because of the length. The lace makes your look slim but it was fitted enough to make my butt look really good.


Lovely dress! Fits true to size. The length is perfect on me, just skims the floor with heels on. I am 5'7" and 140 pounds and ordered a size small.


This dress is great, especially for the price! I ordered the green one and it is true to the color shown in the picture. The material is heavy and quality, but not so heavy that it's uncomfortable. The only downsides are it is a little long, but I think a pair of heels will take care of most of that. I'm 5'6" and there was about 3 inches of extra material at the bottom. If you're shorter, you might want to get it hemmed. The top also doesn't fall with as much drape as is pictured, but these things are minor, in my opinion, compared with the quality of the dress overall. Also, just to keep in mind...this dress shows EVERYTHING.


Perfect for slim women! I’m 5’5” and 100lb. I ordered six dresses and this fit perfectly! Not too tight but not too gaping like most in the stomach area. Very long. I need 5” heels but I would wear that anyway so no problem. Love love love. I bought the black lace in small. It’s thick’s dn heavy. Won’t wrinkle like the satin material.


Utterly upset. This dress doesn't look that good in packaging but looks amazing on a body and wine red color makes it pop, but it is for much taller and bigger framed girls. I have 27 inch in waist and normally wear S, but this dress can fit 2 person like me in it, so when it is straighten up it looks ok but any move and it jumps all over the place.


Also,  I am 5'4" + 3 inch hills and still stepping on a trail((


