Absolutely love the dress. The material is pretty good quality and forgiving material. I'm 41' bust/35 Waist/50 Hips and I stand 5'10.5. I ordered the dress in XL and the hips are a little snug but I knew that it would be considering my hips. I love it! Color was beautiful!!!


Beautiful dress. I'm about 5'8 - 5'9 and wore 3.5-4 inch heels and it was the perfect length. I ordered a small. I wasn't sure between a medium and small because my hips. The dress had some stretch to it so it hugged my body perfectly. I did 1 day shipping and it arrived by 2pm the next day! This dress will show everything. It was hard to find an under garment that worked for this dress. I got so many compliments and the color was elegant.


Great buy!


LOVE! Absolutely love the fit of this dress, and you cannot beat it for the price! I went with the black, and it fits like a glove. The material does stretch, which I like because I am pretty curvy. I will have to have the bottom hemmed because I am short, and if I want the shoulders to stay up I will have to pin it to my undergarments, as they want to slip down the shoulder. However, that is not a bad look either it is just my preference that they stay up. The material is of a nice quality, and could totally be mistaken for satin. Overall this dress is lovely! My only concern is that I will lose some of the flare at the bottom when it is hemmed, but I think a good seamstress will be able to address that concern. I will post some pics of me just trying it on (please ignore my crazy hair and lack of makeup!) I am 5'2" and a dress size 14. I got the dress in an XXL.


I must say I was a little nervous at first because the price. When I received it I took it out the nice bag and was still nervous as hell but when I tried it!!! Babyyyy It fit me AMAZING!!! I'm in love!!! I wanna buy it in every color! Lol


I got this dress for a black tie wedding and my feyonce says this dress is the most jaw dropping. The fabric on this dress is much better than I expected! It is a bit heavy and the material compliments the body well. The undertone is a gold shimmer and not a tan like the picture, which makes the dress much prettier in person. The size was also accurate.


This dress fit like a glove


This dress is absolutely gorgeous. I am about 5'6, 130 pounds, and wear a size 36D in bra. I ordered a medium at first, but it wasn't as tight on me. I returned and ordered a small, and it fits perfectly. The material is very nice and stretches, so there wouldn't be a problem going a size down. Received many compliments on this and is a very nice dress for the price given. I took pics with and without my heels. My heels were about 3 inches and still allowed my dress to flow at the bottom. Totally recommend!!


Perfect fit. I just had a baby and needed a dress for a wedding. After reading other feedback I felt pretty confident about buying this dress. I'm 5'7 170lbs, I bought an XL. Fits Great. I kept snagging material with my rhinestone bracelet though.


I am a size 12 or 14 on my hips and because most reviewers said the dress ran small, I order XXL but it is loose on me on my hips and waist but I didn't mind. I took it to a seamstress to tighten it. I bought the dress for a military ball. The dress looks expensive. I got a lot of compliments and people couldn't believe I bought it from Amazon.


