My measurements are 41 bust 33 waist 42 hips, I weigh 155 lbs., am  5' 4" tall.  I ordered the XL. it fit perfectly, with the exception of needing to be hemmed a few inches (which I was expecting, as I am quite short). The dress does stretch a bit, but seems to be made very closely to the measurements.  On me, it did not create stretch lines in strange places, but hugged my curves perfectly.  The fabric is a nice weight, and drapes beautifully.  The cut is very Art Deco in style, and is designed for curvy figures. This dress is stunning.  I ordered the black for a formal event, and could not be happier.  It looks far more expensive than it is.  It is the ultimate elegantly simple classic black dress. Some 1920's style draped earrings, an up do for your hair, and away you go.


So just from looking at the reviews I ordered a medium when my measurements are closer to a large and I would recommend sizing down. You might need some shapewear if you don’t have a perfect body. If you want to get the mermaid effect you’re not gonna get that without some extra stuff like a petticoat designed for mermaid dress because the material won’t hold the shape. I’ve attached a picture. I decided to wear it off the shoulder because it emphasizes my hips a bit more than I’d like if I don’t. If you’re tall be aware it’s not crazy long. I’m 5’7” and the max heel I can get away with is 2”. So I would say if you’re above 5’9” don’t bother.


I got the white lace, and it is a beautiful dress (although it is more ivory than white) -- it is really good quality, and very elegant. I am thinking of wearing it for my semi-casual wedding, and adding a bridal sash for a little more bling. Unfortunately I did not scroll down the page far enough to see the sizing note, and it is tiny on me.  If you click on the "size chart" button right next to the size selection button, it tells you that the Large is a size 12-16.  However, if you scroll further down the page to the seller's product description, you'll see that the size Large is a US 10. I re-ordered the correct size, and can't wait for it to show up.  I didn't deduct any stars for the sizing, since they do include a note warning you about the sizing and I just missed the note.


Update:  I got the larger sizes (I ordered XL and XXL just to be safe), and I absolutely love the dress! It does seem to run a little small, though.  I'm usually a size 10 or 12 in dresses (I'm 5'9", 167 pounds), but the XL (a 12 by the seller's size chart) was a little tight across the stomach and hips so I ended up going with the XXL (a size 14), which fits well except it is a little loose across the stomach and hips.


Bought this in purple for a military ball. Arrived quickly. Not as thick as I expected from the reviews but definitely not see through, and acceptable. I bought the XXL from the size chart and probably could have even done the XL. Fits nicely, drapes beautifully, comfortable and great length! I'm 5'7" and wore 3 1/2" heels and it was perfect!  The way the dress is cut makes it nice because you can wear normal undergarments rather than a strapless bra, etc unless you just feel like it. Flattering bias cut although a good shaper/spanx/ etc is a good idea as the fabric is clingy. As others have suggested I did pull the top over with my grandmother's brooch. This is a matter of preference but the cowl neck does hit somewhat high and doesn't drape quite as much as I expected it to. Color is gorgeous and rich. Got compliments all night long!! Definitely would consider buying in another color as well.


(Cropped and Hubby's rank, ribbons, etc. blurred out on purpose in the photo).


This dress is gorgeous. Great quality, fit like a dream. I felt so beautiful in it might just wear it around my house on days I’m feeling sad.  This dress is everything and  make you feel like a queen.


5’3 135lbs 36B  ordered a Small didn’t need any alterations and length was just right with 4 inch heels.


This dress is a stunner. The material is a thin slinky material with great stretch. It does show underwear lines if you don't wear something smoothing underneath. On me the dress was big in the top and very fitted in the hips. Even though the hips were tight I could still walk and dance freely because it's so stretchy. I tried a small and a medium and ultimately ended up keeping the small. I had it taken in at the waist about a 1/2 inch and also hemmed as it was really long. For reference I am 5'5 118lb 34-26-38. I ordered the color green and it was a dark shade of emerald. It is a little darker than it appears in the picture online. In certain lighting it can look darker or lighter because it has a nice silly sheen to the fabric. This dress is an awesome style for the price.


This dress was PERFECT!  I went to a Harlem Nights 1930's themed party. Sizing is spot on!  I wear a size 8.  I'm busty (36DD) and the top fit just right.  While I did have a little room on the lower half, any smaller and it would've been too "huggy". The color is rich, material is wonderful and overall fit was complementary.  I wore a slimmer slip underneath and a regular bra....YAY!  You can't wear anything too bulky, as it will show through. The material has some stretch to it. Definitely recommend, especially for the price! Sorry the photo is a bit blurry.


This is the second reattempt to purchase item. First purchase, the wrong item was delivered. Second attempt, product delivered with a broken zipper! I am so disappointed with this purchase. I have an event on Friday, and now have nothing to wear!


I was iffy when buying this dress but am glad I did.


I'm 5'2 210 pounds with heels on it was just right. Hips 52/ Waist 38 /bust 38DD


Got size 2XL


Fabric- was a bit streachy and it is a 4 way streach!


Color- Purple was rich and perfect.


Zipper- I put a bit of WD40 on the teeth and all good better slide.


Got here on time - via Prime


Price was good!


Quality was fantastic!


I was very pleasantly surprised by this dress; for the price you get quite a nice item. The material is soft and comfortable, and clings to you for a sultry look but is breathable and stretchy enough to allow you to move. It has a nice 1930's/40's feel to it as well. My dress didn't have any holes or issues with the seams.


I am 5'5, 175 pounds, and have a 36C bust. I ordered a medium. It was very snug, hugging my curves like a second skin almost. This unfortunately caused it to bunch up a bit, but once I adjusted it, it stayed in the same place most of the time. The material on the chest is supposed to hang, but with my bust size it look kind of awkward. I actually purchased a broach and pinned most of the material over to one shoulder (I saw another buyer do that and liked the idea). It worked splendidly! It looked classy and elegant; and I received many compliments on it!


