This is a lovely gown for the money. I front a big bad as a vocalist, and I need a few formal gowns to rotate through but cost is always an issue.


This gown is everything it was advertised to be. It fits like a glove, hugs my curves, and is very flattering.


Problems:


1.The neckline is a deep cowl shape, very flattering, but it tends to want to heave over to the back instead of plunging in the front. This I plan to rectify by sewing a small weight into the front of the v-drop so it hangs correctly. Also, some fashion tape to hold the shoulder straps to my bra-straps will help with them wanting to slide off.


2. The hem is REALLY long. It virtually puddles around the floor at my feet, and that's with 4" heels.


(I am 5'7" and 125 lbs... there is probably an extra foot of fabric)


This needs to be hemmed if I am going to walk AT ALL and not trip and break my neck. If you plan to only stand around in a photo shoot, (or you're 6'5") maybe this length will work for you.


That said, this is gorgeous. The "satin" is very vintage-looking, and it's a timeless old-fashioned style. The ruching around the midsection makes it a little more forgiving, but I would plan to wear some Spanx or a slip; there is no way every undergarment will not show through. In order to make it look nice and smooth, the correct foundation garments are a must.


If you're willing to tweak it to fit like a glove, this is a fantastic purchase.


This dress is AMAZING!!!!!!!! I wore this as the reigning queen for the 2016 Miss Krimson and Kreme Pageant and was not disappointed! I ordered a large (based on Amazon size chart and because I wear a 12) and it fit perfectly!!! I was able to dance, walk confidently, and sit with ease. The dress is a little long and I'm 5'6", but I wore 4-5 inch heels and it did not touch the floor. This is a great evening gown and very classy and elegant! Would purchase again!


Beautiful, well made dress.  Fit very well and was made of elegant, stretchy material.


I took one star off because the XL was too small, and the XXL is just on the edge of being too big. It's a bit weird. Everything else about the dress is lovely though.


I'm 5'6, 150lbs and 34DD and this dress is a perfect fit (size Medium). Extremely comfortable! In LOVE, looks like it could be 400 bucks! Not too long at all like the other reviews said!


Beautiful dress.  Perfect for the Nutcracker.


Am 5'9' 185 pounds, 38 DD, size 12. Fits like a glove and has give, I feel like it will long better if I lose 10-15 pounds. Very form fitting, But love it! It looks like a 100$ dress. Get it Now!


It fit well, not too snug. The fabric is nice and satiny. I am 5'7 and about 168. It helped to hear womans sizes height and weights. It's long but should fit well with heels


I'm very happy with the dress


Fit as expected. Very long dress, expect to have it hemmed. Sexy.


When I ordered this dress, I actually received this dress. Returned.


