Love it.  I wore it to a formal occasion and I got so many compliments.  I mentioned to someone that I spend $40 on it, and she was in utter disbelief.  It is so elegant, and really flattering to a woman's curves.  I am 5'7', 140 lbs, 34D.  I got a Medium and it fit perfectly.


Okay, this dress? Amazing.


I do agree that the fabric it's constructed of does not lend well towards the neckline. I'm going to pin it in place to make it look good though. Other than that, this dress is wonderful. Especially for the price.


It fits like a glove. The pattern is more subtle in person, which I actually like better. The size fit perfect. I'm 5'8" and 170 lbs, and I went with a large. I also have a larger than average bust, and it fits me great there as well. This mermaid silhouette will give you dangerous curves.


I love it.


I accidentally ordered the wrong size (a large is a size 8) be aware of that. I am 5'5" 160 lbs and wear a size 12. The size Large was so small i couldnt fit it last my hips. but it is extremely long. I was thinking of sizing up because the material is really nice and I like the way it stretches. However, I don't even think a size XL would fit me, especially not in length. I dknt want to wear 5 inch heels so I will be returning and not ordering another one in a bigger size.


Surprisingly great quality for the price and absolutely wrinkle free.  Thick fabric and lining and very flattering to a pear shape woman. I would buy it in other colors it was so pretty!! 5'6 130lbs


This dress is an XL I had to buy one size up due to the L not fitting across my back and hips.  The fabric is very nice thick and feels rich, the only issue with the dress is the draping in the front is not that good it looks better in pictures, if you have a chest which I have, you will not get that drap effect.  I'm 5,8 and I am wearing 4in heals and the dress just meets the floor evenly.


I needed a gown quickly for my husbands Christmas party. I saw this and figured I give it a try. I was surprised that kit was as nice as it was. True to size, decent material and a great shape. It does run very long though, I think. I got tons of compliments.


This dress is a lot nicer than I expected it to be. The form and material are very flattering. It is incredibly long, so if you're under 5'9', you're probably going to need to hem it. I used it as a Morticia Addams dress for Halloween, in conjunction with a handmade shrug with the long, dripping sleeves. I got ALL the compliments that night. I'm itching to wear it again, so I think I'm going to blast my boyfriend to take me to the symphony or something.


Beautiful dress. Ordered a large when I should have ordered a medium. First time I ever did this. The meterial is stretchy and seems a bit bigger on me, but I love the dress, it is gorgeous


This dress is amazing.


Gorgeous fabric and color. Flattering fit. I paired mine with an underbust corset. My measurements are 44-40-45 (185 lbs) 5’4 and the XL fit perfect. Unless you want to hem it about 1-2 inches wear heels with it.


excellent quality material! excellent for winter, but way longer than I expected and smaller in the torso than anticipated; i'm tall and this would need at least 6 inches off the bottom, with heels! I'm going to be returning it this week. its great for someone with a small torso, but if you have curves and like to move consider something different...this is a typical mermaid-style dress that hugs your legs to your knees.


