A beautiful, well made, high quality dress appropriate for any formal event.  The XL was a little bit too large, so we ordered a large, the large fit like a glove.  But as my daughter thought it was too formal for her Senior Prom, we returned both dresses.  Her measurements are 43-36-43.


I purchased this as a cosplay accessory for Saint Seiya's Athena and was very pleased with it once I opened it and tried it on! It fit great, held up great, and look even better, and needless to say, my cosplay looked great too! Haha. =]


It's so pretty can't wait to wear it! The fabric is not the best but I have paid a lot more for briadsmaid dresses that look cheaper. It's a really pretty design well made the fabric is a little strechie im 145lbs 5'6'' I wear 27 or


5 in jeans 34 DD got a small is comfortable not tight not too loose.


Absolutely love this dress!! I am 5’10” 200lbs, 44-36-48 measurements.  I got the XXL. It fit me perfectly.  This dress has some stretch to it and it really hug my curves in the most flattering way! It’s hard to find a dress long enough and with this one I can actually wear heels! Love this dress!


ORDER YOUR SIZE. Use the chart, it works. It was great for my Mardi Gras ball.


this dress is GORGEOUS and fit like a glove. I am 5'5 110 lbs and ordered a small.  It's a little long but with a small heel shoe it will be fine.  I can't wait to wear this on my cruise for the formal night


Just like the pic fits well I ordered xxl and it’s a little long and the straps kept falling down my shoulder. Got sooo many compliments wonderfully made


Perfect fit! I am 5.9, 140lbs and ordered the small. The neckline is not quite like the picture, more like a straight line and not scowl. Still looked great and earned lots of compliments.


Looks much better on than expected in the picture.  Requires a very slim or slightly hourglass shape to fit well.  Also needs a strapless bra at minimum, but more like just cups as the back is open low enough that the bra strap would show.  Measurements and fitment chart matched well.  It is also long enough that heels are required to keep from dragging the floor significantly.  My daughter is very happy with the purchase.


Yay!  It fits like a glove and is very forgiving.  It fell to the floor perfectly, as well.  I'm 5'7" and 155 lbs, fits GREAT.  Nice and stretchy, lightweight, and classy!!!


