This dress was a disappointment and a disaster. I bought this dress because I bought this same dress late last year in Burgundy and it fit amazing and was a show stopper. I was scheduled to attend a black tie event and thought this black dress would work well.  I was out of town for my event and the zipper was sticky trying to get it on and then broke trying take it off.  It was so disappointing. I didn't have another dress and I had to fastener up by sewing it on and wearing a fancy cover up that was intended for another outfit durning the business trip.  I will not ever order this brand again.


 This just was amazing! I love the dress. I changed the top and pinned it down and made it an off the shoulder type of dress. Overall, I got many compliments and my boyfriend loved the dress on me . For this price, it was a steal.


Very nice dress though the neckline is too high. It damaged easy to damage.


I love this dress! The fabric and rich color is absolutely stunning! I received many compliments.The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was due to the length, it was rather long and I wore 4.5" heels. But I felt so elegant and pretty. I'm 5'4", 175# 36-36-45...i got a pear shaped! Ordered the 2xl, but could have done a L. But I don't like my clothes too fitted. It hugs nicely


Wore for 30th year HS Reunion! Revived compliments all night. The dress looked and felt very expensive. The color was popping,the length was perfect with 4’ heels, I am 5’1 and My measurements are 36-34-45 so I got the large but had to take in the top. The fabric was very flexible so a medium would’ve worked.


Beautiful color! I'm 5"10 and length is good! Me with it on :-)


I ordered this dress for prom in dark navy, it is true to it's color. The fabric is excellent in quality, however due to it's thickness it can be a bit hot. I am 5'5" an A cup and I weight 103 pounds. I ordered the dress in a small and it is a bit large on me. I'm having it taken in around the waste 4" and I'm having it taken up 3". (I'm wearing 6" heels with this dress.)


If you are shorter, or just smaller in general be prepared to have to make alterations. With alterations done the dress looks very elegant and would be perfect to wear again to a fancy dress dinner.


I was blown away by how beautiful this dress is. It's gorgeous and absolutely flattering to my body. I was concerned about the fact that it was satiny and how satin fabric is very unforgiving by showing what you wish to be hidden. Have no fear ladies the type of stretch material used actually hugs your body while smoothing. For added support just wear a spanx or control top panty hose. This dress is true to size. I'm a size 10-12, height 5.6 and I bought the large. Other reviews mentioned the dress was too long but it was perfect for me.


If I could give it 10 stars I would.  I am 5'3" and weigh 124 lbs.  34A,  29, 37 and the medium fit like a glove.  Literally like a glove in the body, but will need to be shortened by 3", even with 3.5 inch heels.  The neckline is beautiful.  Can be worn two different ways, without looking funny/strange at all.  The purple color is gorgeous.  The material is satiny and soft.  I am going to lover wearing this to a hospital gala!!!!I'll get pics to post if anyone's interested.  I sooooo appreciate all of the fine ladies who post pics to help each other get the right size!!


To start: I am 5’ 4” 120 lbs, with 32” 24” 36” figure . I ordered a size Small in the green and wore 3.5” heels. The dress hit the floor to cover my feet but didn’t drag at all. So if you’re shorter, (or don’t like tall heels) it might need hemmed. The picture doesn’t really show the color well, it was really a true emerald (bad lighting-sorry)


This dress is amazing. It arrived in two days, and fit super well! It was kind of wrinkled when I got it (nothing that a steamer couldn’t fix) but it has some great stretch to it! The fabric was fairly heavy which was nice. It definitely fits your curves. This CAN make it hard to pick the right undergarments. I would have gone bra-less if it  was summer, but I wore a standard strapless bra, and a no-seam thong from Victoria’s Secret.


If you’re feeling hesistant about this dress- don’t. It was so comfortable and it truly made me feel so beautiful!


