I got this dress for a wedding. I didn’t expect much because of the price but when I got it I was shocked to find that this dress is better than many $300 dollar dresses I tried on.  The fabric is heavy. The underlay is gold. A perfect dress for a NY December event and the shape is very flattering. The material holds everything in very nicely and the best part is that you can wear a bra!  I’m 5’4” 125lbs and this dress fit like it was made for me.  It’s very long. I wore it with 6” stilettos and it was still seeeping the floor.  I got many compliments and my husband couldn’t take my eyes off of me. Best amazon purchase ever!


Loved this dress! It fit perfectly and was a great length. I am 5'8 and about 170lbs and I ordered a medium. It hit right at floor length. It was super comfortable and looked very elegant. I wore it to a wedding and I felt great in it! It was such a great deal for a really nice dress. I definitely recommend.


This dress was perfect for a formal event I attended.  The fabric is appealing.  Very satin like and has a lot of stretchy give.  I am pretty tall (5'9) and I have difficulty finding ready to wear floor length formal dresses.  Although this dress took a lot of tugging on to be floor length, I was pleased with the length. I would reccomend this dress to anyone with curves, but perhaps not if you are especially busty.  I found the bust area to be a bit snug.


I loved this dress, feels satin-y, fits well. It's pretty snug so you may want to be in shape for it, but I am 5'7 and it was floor length which I loved.


This dress is stunning! The fabric is like none I've seen before. It has the look of satin, but it's heavier/thicker and has some stretch to it. It's not that cheap costume like satin that you usually see on inexpensive satin items like this. I'm 5'0" and 115 lbs and I ordered a small and it fits AMAZING. It is WAAAAAY too long but that's to be expected when you're 5 feet tall. I'm hoping once I shorten it there's still some flare left at the bottom. I've probably got to take off 12 inches! If you're a very tall person, this dress will be perfect for you!


So this dress is super odd, the material is very nice and elegant and so is the concept. I'm 4 11" and weigh 105. So the dress ended up being super long as expected. It was very fitted and the color was also amazing. I ended up hemming it myself and made a sweet heart dress out of it instead and ended up looking stunning. For the price, I'd say it is a steal.


I was very very very pleased with the quality and style of this dress. I was a little apprehensive at first and must've read and re-read the reviews a hundred times before I finally pressed the place order button. This is a really beautiful form fitting evening gown. The material is a silk-like, stretchy material. It hugs in all the right places and gave me that "vavoom", 30's style look. I received so many compliments. The length was just right and it was really comfortable. I had it on for 8 hours and wore a spanx for undergarments, and no bra, but did use pasties in place of a bra. With this particular dress, I would encourage you to order a size-up. I am 5'8, 160lbs, 40D and ordered the XL. This evening gown looks expensive and I would definitely purchase products from this seller again. I dressed it up with a diamond-like choker and cuff to match and I had black opera length gloves to complete the look.


Love this dress!! I am 160lbs with the height of 5"7 the dress is just as picture and fits great. Since it has a stretch to it I could have gone a size smaller but the top may have been tight since I am a 36DD. Would definitely buy from seller again.


It's gorgeous but I ordered a medium based on the measurements and the dress ended up 8 inches longer than the chart said. I am not Gisele, therefore, that's a problem. I'm 5'5" and 130 lbs.


Love the fitting! Ht 5'8'', wt. 155 lbs. Got the Large was perfect!


I looked and felt elegant in this dress during our Christmas party!


