It fit perfectly. Only complaint was the green on the screen and the green in person were vastly different. I love greens, any shade, so I rolled with it.


Beautiful, comfortable, fantastic color. It's perfect for my needs (although hemming is required but I always need that). Great dress for little money!


(Black lace) Wow I was pleasantly surprised by this dress! Unfortunately it was too tight and way too long and my event is in 4 days so no time for adjustments, but I am seriously contemplating getting a larger size and having it tailored and ready to go for my next event. Looks more expensive than it is and is very comforts me and flattering. So disappointed I can’t rock it this Saturday!


Honestly this dress was beautiful. It fit well, it was well constructed and it was long enough (I am 5’9” and wore 4” heels and it was perfect). I received a lot of compliments on it!


Great fit and quality. heavy but breathable material; good for the winter time. Very long. I am 5'4" and I had to hem about 5 inches from the bottom.


I initially purchased this dress based on reviews for a function I was attending. This dress is BEAUTIFUL in color and material, however it was a tad big due to the stretch. I am NOT small ordered XXL. I am 5'6.. 226lbs and 40DD, wear1X -2Xdepending on clothes. Had to send back got 1XL it was wonderful. will be ordering another one for a summer thing.. lol ( in a smaller size in the gym now).sent back with out any issues.love that part.


No give to the lace dress. The other material stretches. Returned for the other dress in different fabric and would give it 5 starts.


Dress is a great buy!! I'm 5'7" and 150lbs and got a Medium. Best decision ever! Fabric has some stretch to it, so if you have my body type but like to wear very tight dresses, then go for the small. I prefer the Medium tho. Fabric is heavy enough for the dress to fall nicely. If you are short, you'll definitely need to get it hemmed, but other than that ladies, this is a great buy!


Purchased this for a banquet dress, being 5’1 115 and curvy, it was a snug fit over my hind end and was SUPER long, as in, it would have been perfect for my 5’10 cousin in kitten heels, but BEAUTIFUL! It was perfect for the occasion, didn’t look cheap and the neckline is perfectly coupled with a short golden necklace.


This was a pretty decent dress for the price, it was just too form fitting for me and the cut on it wasn't too flattering at my hips. The fabric had good weight to it.


