I ordered a large after I read the reviews but I should’ve stuck with a medium because the material is stretchy enough for my body type. The large was just a tad bit too big but I’m getting it altered.  Other than that the dress was amazing. The color was gorgeous and the fabric felt soft against my skin. I am absolutely in love with the dress.  My measurements are a 32 waist and 42 hip.


Totally worth the money! Nice legnth and the material is pretty impressive. I ordered white and expected it to be pretty sheer but it's not near what I thought it'd be. Stretchy but still supportive. I plan to wear this dress later in my wedding during the dance, as my gown is pretty heavy.


This dress is beautiful. I'm 5'11" and wide-hipped though so it's a little bit short. I definitely can't wear heels with it. But the fabric is comfortable and the cut and fit is very flattering.


Omg! Gives my BODY for days!! The material is stretchy and thick!!! Yes yes yes!!! I love it!!! Buy it!! It does not disappoint!!!


Will post pics later!!!


Perfect! I just need to make some minor alterations but other that that, it looks and feels great.


Beautiful color and fits well. Stretchable material and I received many compliments.


Absolutely love this dress. 6’9” somewhere between 160-180lbs (lol our scale is broken so that’s all I can give ya) the fabric was incredible. Looks extremely classy but has enough stretch so you can breath. Hugs perfectly. I ordered the black one in medium and it’s perfect!


I ordered a size 2 and the dress fits me perfect!  Very nice weight to the fabric, not too shiny.All stitching in the seams is good quality.


The dress is beautiful !! It's just like the picture it's silky satin and plain but beautiful. The only bad thing was I ordered a small and it was a little big . I am small 5"3 and about 105-108 pounds. The dress does hug you but I still had plenty of space and the dress is very long . I wore heels and still had to hold the bottom up the whole party. It's beautiful just meant for a bigger person . Ordered black and was great just the size maybe if there was an extra small it would have been better for me


The material is beautiful and overall the dress is very lovely. There is just a LOT of material. It's extremely long. I am 5'3-120lbs-32B. I ordered a small. The dress was too big in every area; bust, waist, hips, and length. I maybe could have altered the waist and bust but the hip material is almost "pre-shaped" so it couldn't easily alter. That area doesn't lay flat on the body. There's just so much material! Sadly, I had to return it. This dress is designed for more shapely women.


