This dress looks exactly as it does in the picture!!!  The fit was good and comfortable and the length was spot on with my 3 1/2  heels.  While the material is a stretchy satin, it does hug the body close, so its going to show every curve God gave you.  Two words..... Body Shaper.  But I got compliments all day.  While I am sure a smaller waistline (mine) would have made the dress look even better, I think it worked out perfectly


Dress is gorgeous!! Please keep in mind that it is true to size, a small does fit a size 6. I am a size 2 and 5.9" Tall. So the dress is a little big for me but I can wear it with a nice belt . I like the fact that it's long, the issue I usually have with long evening gowns is that they are Short. Color is gorgeous too. Will repurchase if they make an X-small :) Thank you !


This isn't white. Its ivory but I still loved it. The problem is the zipper. It's the same zipper they use in the other dresses, but this material is much more substantial.


This dress was perfect, great quality and looks exactly like the photo.....sadly my dresses zipper would not remain zipped and on the night of my event it disconnected leaving me in quite the pickle. But otherwise it was perfect. Will be returning because of the zipper but I'm sure it was an isolated incident because I've ordered other dresses from them with no issues at all.


This is a really gorgeous dress, especially for the price.  Looks way more expensive.  The fabrix is substantial.  The only complaint I have is the shade of green is not as vibrant as in the pic.


This dress is gorgeous !!! I wore it to a wedding and received so many compliments on this dress. Perfect fit ordered a small. The only thing is that this dress snags easily so be careful. Other than that great purchase.


Sexy gown for Mardi Gras Ball!


Super sexy dress!! Ordered a smaller than normal size, and BOY, ITS TIIIIGHT, but looks great!  Definitely will need to get 3-4 inches hemmed, I'm 5'5'' and its WAYYY to long, even with heels.


Needed a dress last minute! This dress was amazing ❤️


My wife purchased this dress. Dress was more than she expected for our Harlem Nights wedding. Purchase the white one to change into at our wedding reception. Order a small fits perfectly just had to alter the length but that gave her options to have a longer train also to add a split in the front to show off her shoes. If it helps she is 5'3 and weight 140lbs. She have curves and the dress fit and accentuated everyone to a tee. She Loves this dress.


