I had so many compliments for this dress, which I wore to a breast cancer fundraising gala a few weeks ago. I wrapped a pink sash around my waist to add a splash of color.


The fit was amazing! If I'd ordered a size down it probably would have been a little more form fitting but I don't really like to have to worry about breathing or eating or anything while I'm trying to shmooze. VERY HAPPY WITH THIS DRESS and will likely buy different colors in the future.


Just like the title says, I loved this dress. I ordered the white and gold. It looked so good on and fit just as I expected. I wear a size 8 US and I ordered a Large. I really want to keep this dress but it was a little fancier in person than I thought for the occasion I am attending.  I wish I had somewhere else to wear the dress. Would 100% buy again.


This dress was exactly what I expected for the price. It's more of a throw away dress than one you keep and rewear due to how cheap it is, not just in price but the material (it snags on ANY & EVERYTHING). The only reason I'm giving it a 4 star is because it does come wayyyyyyyyyy too long!! I am a seamstress so I went ahead and hemmed it myself the night before the event. All in all I'm very please with it and can recommend it to others.


I LOVE this dress! I almost went out and bought a backup dress because I ordered a small (5’6” 140 big boobs) and I didn’t think it would fit but it’s stretchy nd it was perfect! I’d say order a size down unless you’re big in the stomach specifically. You’ll need to wear some spanx I don’t care Who ya are you’ll see belly button yuck! But it’s amazing and from the other reviews it looks amazongnln everyone big girls inclided!


BEAUTIFUL dress. The Gold shimmer undertone was gorgeous. This dress is a showstopper, period. I am 5'2 and 200 lbs and I wore spanx under it and hugged my curves, I felt beautiful and received MANY compliments, I even have friends reaching out to me after the wedding (that I wore it to) asking where I bought the dress! Its a steal for the price.


Beautiful dress! Loved the draping neckline and low back. Soft satiny material with a little stretch. I'm 5'6" and weigh 115. The small was perfect. A little long but i wore wedges to make myself a litttle taller.


I love this dress it fit perfect on me! I wore this dress to a Christmas Gala and it was absolutely beautiful!!! I brought this dress in a med I am 5'1 and about 137 pounds and my bust size it 36DDD and  the med fit perfect on me I did have to get it taken up a little at the bottom because it was a little long for my height...


This dress is stunning! The color is so rich and bright. I’m 5’10 3/4” so I always have a hard time finding dresses that aren’t too short. I’m 170lbs and I ordered a large. It fits perfect if I wear it off the shoulders. If I put it on my shoulders the dress is too short for me. I can wear this with 1” heels and feel good about the length. I’m thinking about ordering the XL just to see if the length might be slightly longer or if the coul neck might be less tight- there isn’t any sag in the material at the neck like you think there should be. The material is high quaility and stretchy. It does show everything you have underneath though, so be mindful of that. Great buy!!


This is the most beautiful dress i purchased on amazon. Very beautifully stitched, the fabric is pretty good, it is somewhat shiny, Hugs your curves. And fits perfectly. I really loved the falling neck. It looks beautiful. I'm 5' in height and wear 32 B, I ordered  a Small and it fits perfect.


This dress is FABULOUS!!!! I weight 159lbs my measurements are 36.5- 28.5-42.5 and i ordered the MEDIUM . i ordered several dresses to see which would be the best fit for a masquerade ball at the end of the month. All i can say is that i put this on and cancelled all my other orders. this dress is everything!!!!!


