Beautiful dress. I was skeptic about buying a dress online, but after reading the reviews and looking at customer photos to get an idea of the fit and look, I decided to purchase this dress in red. I got it today and the dress is a very nice quality and it’s very comfortable and stretchy. You can’t beat the price! I love this dress!!


I would definitely recommend!


I am usually a 16-18, 5’9” and about 240 lbs. I bought a 2X. When I took it out of the bag, I thought it would be too small. I am very glad I tried it on, though. It is very comfortably stretchy and hugs my curves. However, this stretchiness makes shaping undergarments (Spanx or control-top nylons) an absolute necessity in order for the dress to look right, at least for me. I also recommend you get a petticoat made specifically for the mermaid silhouette. This gives the floofy shape seen in the pictures. There is no lining. Beautiful color and texture, the quality is better than expected for the price.


This dress is exactly like the picture! It's very soft, silky and thick fabric but not heavy. I'm 5'5 125lbs. My measurements are (breast to butt) 35, 25, 37. The dress fits me a little less snug than I'd like. It's long but once I wear heels it'll be the perfect length. I thought it'd be tighter than it is but other than that it's a great buy.


It's very beautiful.  The dress is fitted snugly but doesn't feel restrictive or tight.  It stretches nicely.  In my case.the dress can be slipped on with the zipper closed because of the elasticity of the material.  I would like to have it slightly longer so that it touches the floor.


Loved this dress!  Looked so great on the Red Carpet!  Highly recommend for anyone looking for some old school Hollywood Glamour!  And was nice and long for my 5'10" frame.


I'm pretty hesitant to order clothes online, a's I'm short and mostly just hips. But I took a chance because I was short on time.  I was not sorry in the least.


I ordered the green in a medium. I'm about 5'4 135lbs, and these hips do not lie (I think I'm measured at 36-26-40).


The color was more of a dark green,  not quite hunter green but not light like the pictures. Very pretty, though.  It fit snugly in the hips without making me a busted can of biscuits. The top was a bit looser, but not unpleasantly so. The only thing I'd say is, like the other reviews,  it's very long.  I had to have it hemmed; even with heels  (maybe 3 in), it just barely dragged on the ground.


All in all,  I love it. If you'really considering buying this,  do it. You won't be sorry.


I loved this dress, but I definitely could have gone down a size. I bought it based off my hip measurements since bust and hips are usually the hardest part of my body to fit, but the dress is stretchy enough that a smaller size would have been fine. It is REALLY long. I stepped on it a few times. It looked gorgeous on. It had a great thickness to it. I was worried it would be thin, but the dress was of good quality and was forgiving. I bought the green and was expecting more of an emerald color but it was more of a forest. I ended up loving the color though.


The dress came on time, even before the estimated arrival date, everything about the dress I liked, the fit was perfect, I'm 36-28-42 and I bought a large, its floor length without heels, when you put on your heels, it doesn't sweep the floor or you can get it cut if you want, which I didn't have time for...but its a good buy, I got plenty compliments :)


This dress is a stretchy material I purchased for my sister to wear for my wedding as a bridesmaid she loves it and everyone thought it was very pretty and expensive she looked great !!


This dress was just what I was looking for. The material is very good quality and it fit perfectly. I am 5'5 and 144lbs and ordered a medium. I didn't even have to cut it. It had the perfect length for the shoes I wore.


