Looks and fits exactly like the picture! The mermaid portion of the dress hits me a little low, but that is because I have nub legs, so on most it would be just perfect LOL. Beautiful color, material and design! I love that it has a lot of give, so moving around is very easy even with the mermaid fit. I cannot wait to wear this to an NYE wedding in a few weeks!


I seriously love this dress! It was perfect for my father in law's 50s themed 60th birthday party! It is flattering, well made, and just gorgeous. I am considering buying the white version for our future vow renewal. Highly recommended!


The dress fit my body perfectly to show my curves and shape. The only thing I wish is that it was made for tall people, like myself, for the length. The quality was great and I received many compliments for this dress. I would definitely recommend this for an average height person.


Love this dress! I knew the size and fit would work because i had borrowed this dress in blue for a photoshoot and had to have it!  Fits true to size, does have stretch and is so comfortable to wear.  It comes in so many stunning colors but i chose classic black though the blue and green also called my name.


This dress was a hit at my cousins wedding. People thought that it was super expensive. I got so many compliments. It is gorgeous. I also bought burgundy and was not to excited about the color. Black shines just right. It is very stretchy to I had no problem dancing and moving around comfortably but still looking like a queen. Would absolutely recommend!


Love the dress was a little disappointed because you could see some finger nail mess the dress up, however I needed the dress since  I put the order in late. The dress fit better than I expected. The only reason I give it four star is because of the little damage to the dress.


This dress came in 2 days as promised. It was a huge hit! The material had a just enough stretch that hugged the necessary areas. I would get this dress in every color if I could. It looked more expensive than it was and this color is even more beautiful in person. You won't be disappointed!


I love this dress!! It looks like i spent a million dollars and it fits and looks fabulous!!! Very very good quality material! Love it! Get it!! Ya ll will be pleased!!!


I wore it to my companies version of the red carpet Golden Globe event at The Beverly Hilton and got lots of compliments on my dress and how great my booty looked. When I got home I machine washed the dress and hung it out to dry. The price was great, the look was great and it's super easy to take care of.


Wonderful dress and the price is amazing for the quality of the dress it is ture burgundy and it is streachy so you can definitely move and dance in it very comfortable dress i am 5'3 36 bust 30 waist and 45 hip and i ordered a large and it fit great but because it stretches i could of did a medium but kept the large and the length was qlso great with a 3inch heel was comfy in it all through the wedding would highly recommend this dress


