This dress is absolutely beautiful! I was surprised at the quality and fit. I'm 5'1" 124lbs and it fits perfect (size Small) I will have to get it hemmed up a couple inches even with 4" heels. Would highly recommend this product!!


I loved this dress.  I felt great in it, like an old Hollywood star.  I got so many compliments when I wore it.  The green went really well with my red hair.


The one thing I wasn't thrilled with was that the fabric pulls very easily.  Every time my bracelet brushed against it, there was a little pull.


Also, if you don't want panty lines with this dress, you can't wear panties.  It is VERY form fitting and shows everything!


This dress does the most it can, with the price and material it has to offer.


I bought it for an Old Hollywood themed party, and loveeed it. Hugs the body mostly right, should be worn off the shoulder, and has a trumpet flair.


Pros- stretchy and forgiving, true emerald color, doesn’t look like cheap material in person


Cons- a bit too stretchy (I’m a size 4/6 5’4” and ordered a Small, it stretched a bit too much by the end of the night), length for me was too long, a good 6 inches pass the floor when standing barefoot (fixed with heels but barely)


— could have fixed the hemline with a simple stitch, just didn’t have time!


If you like your curves, or have a really good pair of Spanx... you should buy this dress :)


I needed a dress for a 20s/30s/40s themed party but not a 'costume'.


This dress is great. The fabric is stretchy but satin like. It's super long so heels are a must.


Amazing for the price - I bought one in a different size/color since I wasn't sure if the size and they both fit so I'm keeping both!


I'm 6' tall, 155lbs (38-26-37).


Great price! very satisfied with look ,quality , priced & fit! Got many compliments !


This is a beautiful dress for the price. I normally wear a medium in everything, this was a little large (but not big enough for a size large). Slightly loose fitting but very flattering and the fabric and color are gorgeous. Didn't end up wearing it to my event but it's a great dress to have in the closet for when something comes up. Can be worn off the shoulders or on as well. The length is a little long. I'm 5'6 and would need to wear at least 3 inch heels to make sure it isn't dragging all over the floor.


I ordered a medium in this dress (I wear a size 8). The dress fit like an extra small. I had to fight to get it on and almost had to call paramedics to get it off!!!! Also, the color looks more black and then picture depicts, the gold underneath is a very faint gold. Already sent it back.


I was very pleasantly surprised, even with all the great reviews, that this dress fit perfectly and is as elegant as it looks in the pictures. I purchased both the blue and black, which are both true to color. I'm 5'7" measurements: Bust= 40" Waist= 33" Hips= 44" and a Large fits me like a glove. A lot of people seem to need to hem the length, but it's not necessary for me.


Absolutely STUNNING! Fit as expected. I wore a petticoat under (tight mermaid) and it looked better than the $300 dresses I had been trying on. I wore a broach on one side like one of the pics on here, as well as a matching pearl waist belt. I am 5'4" and 125 pounds and ordered a small. It was perfect. I plan to order in other colors one day for future events for this price!!


The material on this dress is so soft! I can't keep my hands off of it!


It's stretchy so it fit me like a glove. 5'2" 120 lbs bought a small. It's long but I won't have to hem it if I only wear 5" platform heels.


Material is also thick enough to not show all underwear lines beneath but it's definitely not very forgiving if you're concerned about having a gut!


Thrilled with this purchase. I highly recommend buying this dress if you're on the fence about it.


