Here's how it came about. I was out running errands and as I was parking I saw a lady wearing this dress walk into the store next door to my destination. The dress looked amazing on her, and I seriously considered following her into that store to find out where she got it, but I thought better of it because I didn't want to creep her out. I went on about my business in the store next door, and as I was walking down an isle, she just happened to be in that same isle. I immediately complemented her on the dress and asked where she got it. She told me Amazon.com, so when I got home I looked it up. I ordered it on a Sunday, and it was delivered by Tuesday morning. I tried it on immediately, and it fit like a glove! I'm 5'7, 204 lbs, and a B cup. It falls just above mid knee. I highly recommend this dress. When I drop a few lbs, I plan to by a few more dresses!


This is such a cute dress! A true circle skirt. The cut is really great on the top. It is a bit large, I wish I had gone with the medium instead. I'm 5'6" and very busty. 39" bust, 30" waist and 38" hips. After reading the size chart I thought I should err on the large side and go with the large but the fabric has some give and it's really too big for me in the waist. I'm a sewer so I'll just take it in a bit instead of returning. The fabric is touch thin, but overall decent quality. For the price, I think it's fabulous!


The fabric of the dress was rougher than what I thought it would be, but for the price I can understand. I am barely 5'6, 145 lbs., 36C and ordered the Medium. I must have a long torso, b/c the waist on this dress (and another one similar I ordered) seemed to come up just a little bit high on me. It was cute though, a tad longer than I expected. I was looking for a certain style of dress for a dressy/cocktail occasion - this just wasn't dressy enough. I went with my other choice, however, I may be ordering this in other colors/designs as it was comfortable and can be worn for various other occasions (casual summer wedding, church, work). It just wasn't as dressy for what I wanted.


This is my first online clothing purchase for myself. I was so very happy when this arrived! I prefer this style dress because it does wonders to camouflage my momma belly! This fit well and the material is so thick. This is a high quality dress for a great price. I highly recommend!


I love this dress it has that 60's look and feel. I purchased a petticoat and it really looked nice up under the dress.


I'm 5'2 and 107pounds, I ordered a xs and it was perfect!


I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS DRESS! This dress is magnificent! It's very well made and the fabric is of very good quality. The print is lovely, the cut is flattering and the attention to the details of the hem's and the seams makes it far superior than similar dresses from other sellers.This dress is the beautiful perfect afforable replacement for a similar dress from DOLCE & GABBANA'S 2016 collection. Although their are other dresses similar to this dress from other sellers on Amazon BEWARE the quality is noticablely inferior. Buy this dress you wil NOT be disappointed. I love it so much that I purchased another dress from this seller similar to this dress but with 3/4 sleeves.


I love my dress. I'm usually a medium, so I ordered that size. It fits! The images don't lie. They look exactly like the photo. I have the white dress with the purple and pink flowers. The fabric is thick and it's well made. I was happy about that! I'm not huge on buying clothing online so I was relieved that everything went well with this. I have other dresses on my mind from this group in the future! If you get this petticoat it fits perfectly underneath these dresses... https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01GHUMLUI/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1


I was seriously concerned about ordering a dress, especially a vintage style dress, without trying it on first. I'm a typical 18/20 in most dresses (some can be a 16) but ordered up for a fuller bust. This dress is absolutely stunning and fit perfect! I love that I can wear a regular bra with it and it flows perfectly. I'm not a huge fan of a-line skirts but this flows out so full that it seems more like a circle skirt. It looks great without the petticoat but I know would look even better with it. I'm wearing this to a few events but really like that they have more of a work-appropriate color scheme (black, for instance) because I would love to wear this to work. It's flattering, comfortable and the belt just tops off the look.


This adorable dress has a nice full skirt that can be worn with or without crinoline underneath. The pattern is beautiful, and I love that it comes with the little black belt, which ties the whole thing together nicely. The dress is well made and the fabric is a nice thick cotton. The look is flattering and fun for sure. I'll be throwing a pretty teal green sweater over this and some nude suede kitten heels for my bridal shower!


I love this dress! The print is gorgeous and the fabric is not the flimsy stuff that so many of the dress at this price point are. It has a bit of stretch to it as well. The belt is very narrow - about one inch wide. I'll probably wear the belt only if I'm wearing black heels and carrying a black bag, bc the dress looks great with or without it. I'm 5'10" and 165 lbs so I purchased the extra large. If you want the skirt to stand out you'll need to purchase a crinoline for it. Shipping was super fast. I love the dress so much that I plan to purchase more in different prints.


