I absolutely love this dress! I'm going to order at least one more in a different color. The fit was perfect! I'm an 18/20, and based on other people's reviews I ordered a 3X. I was nervous when I got it, but it has a little stretch to it, and it zipped up easily. I wore a petticoat under mine and I love how full it made it.


This is a lovely dress.  It's perfect. All I did different was to change the belt to match my shoes. I love it.


I absolutely love this dress! Not because I got so many compliments but because it fit well and I felt so girly in it. I've recently lost weight and in the past I haven't been able to buy an ensemble and put it on for the first time and fall in love with it! I would definitely buy again!! Also, the measurements were spot on!!


I Love it! The material is stretchy and comfortable, I wore it with a pettycoat to make it more puffy and love it even more. True to size.


This was absolutely THE RIGHT DRESS to buy. I see why this is a popular "I bought this for a wedding" dress. I bought a few to pick from and this was the one I ended up going with. I, too, bought this dress to wear to a wedding. I have been sick for a very long time and didn't know 100% if I'd be going, and my cousin was the only one who knew I was coming. It was a surprise for our family, and I wanted to look good considering how sick I've been. I do not care how awful you feel - this dress will make you feel beautiful.


I could have gone with a medium, but it still fit well. For reference, because I think this kind of thing helps when you're trying to decide on sizing when you can't try a dress on in person: I'm normally a size 4-6, 38B, generally between 115-117 pounds, and just under 5'2". Because of my chest being a 38, I ordered a large. It was plenty large; could have gone with a medium. It was a hard decision to pick the large v. medium based on their sizing chart, and I'd read a lot of reviews where people wrote it was too small and then some who said it was too big. So THEN I looked at the reviews for the people who ordered this same print, thinking that that might have made a difference. But I've previously ordered a '50s retro style dress before that had absolutely NO give in the chest, so I wanted to be sure that it fit there.


I also bought a red crinoline 


 that was available via Prime so that I'd have everything ready. I picked the red because I had a red sash (see pics) that I knew I was going to use instead of the belt that came with the dress. The belt is a little on the long side. I'm also a fan of that petticoat, btw. I know there are others that are available for less money, but I can't complain about that one at all. As far as fit in the skirt part: I think the dress is constructed to provide enough room for the crinoline, and if you go without, the skirt is going to have more "flow" to it. I think that's where it might be a little big for some ladies.


You *can* wear this dress without the crinoline, but really, wearing it with the crinoline is what gives it that wow factor: it gives the dress an amazing "spin," looks stunning, adds a pop of color, and provides an overall "finish" for the dress. You can't go wrong. Any bright color would look amazing with this dress. I can see pinks, yellows, or purples looking really nice, too; especially if you have a belt or sash to match (I tied mine in the back).


One of the most amazing things about this dress is the way it is made. Honestly, I know why this is a top-ranked dress on Amazon, and that the people who review it love it, especially this pattern. I just did not expect the QUALITY for this price point. It is not a cheaply constructed dress. It's awesome. It's a thick material, but not hot. In fact, I did not have to wear any support underneath because the material is that thick. And yes, we checked it out in sooooo many different kinds of light to make sure I would not be revealing anything through the white. I think if I had gotten one size smaller, then I might not have had that kind of luck. Interesting to note that some people have reviewed this dress in a different pattern and report that the material feels hot, or thin. This one was like a dress for Goldilocks: just right.


The pattern on the seams align perfectly. Ever get a dress or look at a dress in person and reject it because the seams are messed up? I bought a polka dot dress once and the dots where they cut the bodice didn't line up. It ruins the dress when that happens. This shows me that the dressmaker actually pays attention to the details. I've included pictures of some of the seams to show you.


When we were ironing the dress (one downside is that you cannot wear this dress without ironing it) a few hours before the wedding, we noticed a small hole in the skirt. I told the company about it and they were very responsive. They asked if someone could repair it; I don't think so. But they responded instead of just letting that hang out there. Some reviewers of other patterns (the red dress, for example) have said that they didn't get the belt. I think that if that happens to you and you contact them, they will help you out.


There's a reason people love this company and these dresses.


I enjoyed the wedding, and I loved that people loved the way I looked. When you've been really ill and can at least look good in front of concerned family, it can help them feel better about your health (I usually take issue with "but you don't look sick," but I just didn't want my mom to keep worrying so much about me - I have to thank this dress for making me look better than I felt and making my mom feel better about everything that's happened).


Really, you can't go wrong with this dress. And I can't stress this enough - go with the petticoat. You'll love the look.


Wow! This is the best piece of clothing I have bought online. I am 5'9'', 120 pounds, very small bust (28D) and ordered a small. I like the length of dresses to be right above my knee, and it is. There is a whole lot of fabric on the bottom part of the dress, giving it a full-twirly affect. I will absolutely be purchasing it in another color!


I absolutely love this dress! i was skeptical because of some of the reviews but I'm in love over and over again with this dress. I actually went online immediately after trying the dress on to find more like it. I don't go many places but i love the vintage look and am having a vintage wedding soon. Looking for dresses, I stumbled upon this one and bought two.


I would not wear it without the petticoat because I love the flare that it gives me. Now you can wear without the petticoat but in my opinion it will just hang like any normal dress. The petticoat gives it the flare and turns this into a regular, run of the mill dress, to a dress where you will be complimented over and over again. On the White and Black one, the zipper is a bit tricky and I had some problems with it. As a person with a disability, that made it almost impossible for me to put the dress on by myself. However, the look is wonderful. I love it and want more dresses just like it. I think you should wear it with a petticoat though. Great. The material is lovely. The quality is great and does not look cheap. The price is great and shipping was fast. The packaging was nice too. Great dress all around.


I absolutely LOVE this dress! I received tons of compliments and it was very comfortable! I just purchased one for my sister and I'll be getting another color. I purchased the Vianla Women's 50s Vintage Rockabilly slip to go under it to make my dress flair. I'm wearing size L.


Very cheap material. it'll fade very fast. It's cotton, but almost a sateen and pretty thick


I love the fit. Shipping came fast. I added a petri shirt. I got a large. I'm 155 and5"3'


