Guys. GUYS. This dress is just the bees knees. I am a busty gal, usually around a 38DDD, and I typically wear a 14 on the bottom and larger on the top. As such, it is so, so hard for me to find dresses that fit well everywhere and flatter my curvy shape. This dress fits, as Ace Ventura would say, "like a gloooooove". I got the 2XL based on reviews that it runs small and I'm glad I sized up. This is perfect for work, or can easily be dressed up for a wedding or other daytime occasion. I am definitely going to be buying a few more in other patterns!


Love this dress the only down side is it shrinks when you wash it :(


in the pic i wore it with leggings to make it a bit more modest for work or what i also do is wear a puffy skirt under adding a more vintage look and longer dress :) 5'5 in height ordered size M


My teen girls loved this dresses. We bought the white petticoat for each one and it looks great. Good material, true to size.


I bought this dress on a whim as I needed something to wear last minute to a wedding. I read so many reviews on this dress and decided that this dress must be great if it has so many positive reviews. I followed the measurement guides and I’m typically a size 16/18. With my measurements it appeared that I could get away with a 2x but I got a 3x to be on the safe side. The dress arrived two days after I ordered it and it fit great. It was roomy in the chest area and in the waist but like I said I wanted to be safe. I was able to use the belt to make it tighter. Overall this dress was great, classy and flattering. I would totally order this dress again and I would recommend getting this dress.


Such a pretty dress although the material is a bit “shiny”. I ordered a black shrug for $19.95 on Amazon that compliments the dress. I am a very petite(5’ tall; size 4 or 6 for reference) and the length and waist fit perfectly. A great choice for an early spring wedding.


This dress fits as expected. It is very pretty, a little shorter than in the pics but not drastic. I'm 5ft 4in and 125lbs. I ordered a small.


This dress was gorgeous and the colors were bright and vibrant. My only complaint is that the bottom half of the dress is very full. I was expecting it to skim my waist more closely and flow a little more. This dress is definitely made to wear a petticoat underneath! I think without it, it doesn't look quite right. It also just may be my body type - so to each his own. But I will be returning it, unfortunately. I thought it was absolutely stunning to look at!!


Just got this today and it's absolutely gorgeous. Nice heavy material, fits well. I'm 5'4" 145lb and I bought a medium. It came in a bag so its a bit wrinkled so im hanging it up until the party i bought it for. I also bought a petticoat for underneath to fill out the skirt. Its going to look adorable!


This dress arrived a wrinkled mess but looks well made. The reason I gave it 2 stars is because I'm 5'8" and the waist did not fall in the right place. It was too high, and with the skirt flaring out right below that, it did nothing for my figure.


If you're on the shorter side of average, go ahead and buy this dress, you might love it. I don't think it works for taller women.


I usually wear a size large in dresses (medium in shirts/leggings) but I decided to order a size XL just to be safe because I've ordered dresses from Amazon that were supposed to be a large but ended up being too small. This dress was comfortable and a little roomy - I could have been fine with the large size.


The only thing I wasn't fond of was how the pleats/folds fell on the back of the dress - I didn't think it was really flattering from the backside (I think it was mainly where the zipper was placed- it interfered with the folds/pleats). I also had to cut off some extra thread from the hem that was hanging down when I first put it on but it was a very nice length for a 1 year old's birthday party. The fabric isn't too heavy and it isn't too flimsy either and it does have a flowy feel to it. I felt really classy wearing this.


