I absolutely love these dresses!  Yes, I purchased two at one time!! I've always been a fan of the Lindy Bop dresses and have many colors of the crinoline underskirts to compliment the dresses.  Fortunately, and unfortunately at times, for me, I'm an average size 10/12 woman but FULL busted.  Therefore, most dresses that are cut deep in the front or back can't be worn by me.  I've found that when ordering these dresses, depending on the company you purchase them from, most are true to size.  For me, an XL or XXL works because of my bust line.  As most of these dresses are A-lined, a belt at the waistline will compliment.  Trust that the comments will come in abundance and you will definitely get the "feminine feeling" affect.  These are my dresses of choice!!  Who knows?!....Maybe one of these companies will pass on one for free advertisement!!...LOL.....


This dress is so OMG adorable that as soon as I took it off from trying it on, it went straight into the washing machine so I can wear it ASAP, and I ordered another.  Originally ordered the white with black and red flowers, came back for the black polka dot. What a steal! I'm 5'10", 34a and 140 lbs, and the small fit perfectly with just enough room in the bust for a good pushup bra. I cannot wait to wear it!


Added: I'm sad to see that the red bled a bit onto the white when I washed this, even in cold water.  It's not so terrible that it'll be obvious, but disappointing anyway.  Definitely recommend washing these in cold water, and by themselves.


I absolutely love and look divine in this dress. However, I do think the sizing chart was off. I measured my body then I ordered the XL based on the chart, my bust size 45, waist 39, and chest 38 and the dress was still too big up top. It only took three days to arrive so I would love to believe I lost that much weight but I doubt it. Even so, Once I cinched the belt and threw on a sweater (it was cool in NYC) the room in the chest area didn't matter much. I'm only 5ft tall and the length didn't swallow me up either. I did purchase a petticoat to go underneath it. I really didn't need it since I have a nice tush but it did add another dimension of flare.


The dress itself is well made. I was expecting the materials to not be so great considering how inexpensive this was. I received compliments all night long the day I wore it. I will definitely order more because I'm really loving this style. Who would've thought I would look cute in a 1950s style dress.


Love it! Just as pictured, seems to be good quality. I also bought the petticoat, but I ended up wearing it without when I attended a wedding. The belt that came with it (pictured) was sized fine and had a fuzzy texture... but it had a very strong odor, so I wore another belt I own, instead. Over time the smell seems to have lessened. I ordered the small and it fit perfectly. I'm 5'3" ~115lbs, measurements are ~33/28/36.


The extra small is a perfect size 2. Barely covers the knee at 5'4". Fabric is nice, not see through. A perfect little black dress for any occasion or recital.


This dress saved the day! Ever since having a baby, I have struggled with my figure, and finding cute yet flattering clothing has been difficult. With a wedding rapidly approaching, I searched store after store to no avail. Finally, I came to Amazon and ordered a few dresses (mostly long maxis) which didn’t work out. With a week to go, I was feeling desperate that I wasn’t going to find anything, and then this dress somehow popped up in my recommended items. Although tea length is typically a universally flattering length, I hesitate to even try them because being 5’7, they seem to always hit me above the knee. But after reading the reviews, I decided it couldn’t hurt to give this a try.


I order an XL because I wanted to make sure it was plenty long and had enough room in the waist. A L probably would have been better but the XL worked fine. It fit well everywhere but the chest, where it was a little big and gaped a tiny bit at the collarbone when I wasn’t standing up completely straight but it wasn’t a big deal.


I ordered the white and black floral and the black with red roses as I wasn’t sure what print would be most flattering. Turns out the black and white floral was the winner. Great fabric, nice quality and not see through at all which is always the worry when wearing a dress with a white base. I had also ordered the same print in the halter version of this dress (as I typically like to show a little cleavage) but that style wasn’t as flattering, plus the bow at the neck makes wearing a shrug a little awkward.


I didn’t even try the belt that came with it so I have no comment on that, I instead paired it with a chunky black belt and a black shrug. I also ordered the Vianla Rockabilly Petticoat in black to wear underneath. For the first time in a long time, I felt confident and happy with how I looked.  This dress hid all my problem areas (hips, butt and thighs) while accenting my waist.


The length was perfect, especially with the petticoat peeking out and giving about 2 inches more length.


Literally as soon as I walked into the wedding, strangers were coming up to me showering me with compliments. It was so fun to dance in (with the twirling skirt) and comfortable all night long. I’m so grateful I stumbled upon this dress. And to top it off, the price is excellent!


It's always a guess when ordering a new brand online - especially when you aren't a perfect size 10 :) Nice job here -- fits this insanely busty women very well, with enough room to not worry. This dress will be worn for Swing and Lindy Hop dancing, so a 'tight' non-stretch bodice would be a recipe for disaster.


The dress is comfortable, seams secure, made from a mid-weight polished cotton (sateen), and includes a narrow black velvet belt. It feels lovely on, and swirls beautifully with my red crinoline underneath. I could not be happier right now.


The only problem I foresee in the future is deciding on the next pattern/color!


UPDATE: I now own 3! Wore one last night, with crinoline, for our weekly Swing Dancing -- it was such a hit! Spent this morning sending out links to a lot of women so they could order their own. The picture was snapped just before running out of the house last night to go dance.


Update 2: Four now :)


I was really excited about ordering this dress after reading the good reviews. When I received it I was actually unsure whether or not I like it and if I'd wear it to the event I bought it for. (Kentucky Derby themed bridal shower...Don't ask...) Anyway the fit was nice, I bought an xxl I'm normally a size 12-14, 5'9 and about 200lb 38ddd bra. I also purchased a petty coat to fill out the dress and now it looks fantastic! The pattern of the flowers and cherry blossoms is what I was mostly concerned with because it looked too overwhelming​ when folded in but now with the layers underneath looks so cute! I'm painting it with a cropped black sweater, pearls and some kitten heels with a flower covered hat. I'm really excited to see what everyone thinks. I would definitely recommend this style of dress because the cut is classic and the fabric seems like a stretch cotton. I haven't washed it but will update when I do. Beautiful!


I am about 5’4” - 150 lb - 34C-D - carry most of my weight in my lower half & one year post baby and looking for an Easter dress that was flattering ;) This worked out perfect! I hover between a medium and a large - to avoid any “tight” fitting especially in my midsection. So I ordered both sizes (different prints) to try them on and see (thank you free returns!). And it turns out that the Medium fit better - there were not a ton of differences but I preferred the way the boat neck top fit better in the medium. I also purchased the knee length petticoat from the same company. It doesn’t NEED it but it gave it that extra flare in my opinion. See my photos below for the different looks/sizing. I def recommend this dress & may even purchase other prints. ALSO this dress is much higher quality dress than I was expecting the fabric had a great feel too it, quality made. While I haven’t washed the item yet, I did iron out all the wrinkles fairly easily!


These dresses are great! I wear a large. I'm 5'3", 170 lbs, 34D, Bust 41, Waist 35 and Hips 43. The hem line comes just below my knee. It is made well. The fabric is soft, comfortable and durable. It flatters my curves and hides my stomach. You just can't ask for better than that! The zippers on each dress work smoothly and the stitching is good. I bought three of these dresses, please see the the style numbers and descriptions below. The colors are true and vibrant, exactly as pictured. I have worn them with coordinating boleros and petticoats. They look great with or without the petticoats however the petticoats give them a much fuller look. Links for these Amazon items are provided below. These are great versatile dresses for work or casual wear. And you can't beat the price! I have received so many complements every time I have worn these dresses. I love them! Photos coming soon.


Floral-13 / Solid Black


Floral-31 / Lemons on White


Floral-7 / Black Polka Dots on Red


