I love this dress on my wife. Its a quality piece, fits great, and shes beautiful in it. Hard pressed to find this dress at this price anywhere else.


The dress was delivered on the expected delivery date. I wear a size two, so I ordered the small. The fit was perfect. The material seems to be of good quality, with a little stretch. I know I will get lots of compliments when I wear this dress. Washing instructions were not included, so I will come back with an updated review, and another star if it holds up well after washing.


Bought this for my daughter.  She LOVES this dress and wore it to a Broadway play.  The material is nice but keep in mind it does wrinkle easily


I adore this dress!! I’m a large woman (usually size 3-4x) I followed the size chart and was not disappointed. I had a themed party to go to and this was perfect, timeless for other occasions and perfect for the 1950’s themed party. It fit perfectly (the belt was a bit awkward so I didn’t wear it because of my body type) the material is beautiful and comfortable. Easy to wear for long periods of time. Need to buy more colors!!


Pretty dress, but it wrinkles very easily, and it's pretty tight around the chest, despite the sizing saying it should fit.


This is beautiful, well made and you can't beat the price.  It looks nice both with and without a petticoat, and you can change out the belt to make it more or less formal.


The style of this dress is super cute.  The dress is well sewn.  The fabric is a heavy cotton which makes it very warm for SoCal weather. Perhaps I need to wear it only in the winter .  I love the full skirt.


If you’re around a size 4 or 6, order a size down. I couldn’t believe how gigantic this dress was. I’m really disappointed.


Bought for homecoming dance. My daughter loves it. The only problem is the polka dots looked red in the picture and they are actually hot pink. The end result being I ordered a red crinolin and it doesn't match, so now I have to reorder it in pink. The color of the dots were not specified in the decription. That would have helped, since it's hard to tell from the picture.


This dress is AWESOME. All positive the reviews are spot on. It is light weight and soft. The fit is what is so great...very flattering


