Absolutely love this dress. Wore it to a job interview with a cardigan. Will be getting other colors – it’s absolutely adorable.


I ordered this dress in November and wore it to church on New Years day. I loved it. It is the perfect length, below my knees and I'm 5'4". I ordered a medium because some reviews said it ran small. The top was perfect but had to make the waist smaller. The fabric is nice and thick and very classy. I got a lot of compliments on this dress.


Shouldn't have ordered it. Made in China.  What would one expect except that their size 3x might fit an L here


The company was quick with the exchange. I ordered a size up (small), because I thought it would run large, but the small was too big on my petite daughter (5'2, 105 pounds), so I returned the small and ordered an x-small, which fits perfectly. The refund of the credit card charge and the delivery of the second dress was quick, which impressed me. My daughter loves the dress! It needs ironing, but the cut is very retro-looking and elegant. For the price, it's a good deal, and the company is conscientious about customer service.


It wasn't skin tight..Thankfully! It was just right in the places it needed it. My 14yr old looks Beautiful in it.. Modest is the hottest I tell them, and she chose this all by herself.


I love this dress and the material  but it is very short-waisted for a person 5"10". I had to buy a 3 inch wide belt to hide the waist so I could wear it to a party. I am giving the dress to a friend. Really wish these dresses were made for taller women.


Beautiful satin floral dress. I received many compliments.  People were shocked I got it from Amazon.  I wore this dress for my Hawaiian theme birthday party.  I like it puffy, so I wore a pettticoat with the dress.  I bought a medium but should have bought a small.  No big deal, the belt made the dress more fitted around the west.  I would definitely buy more for this price.


So many compliments on this dress. (Head's up, the poka-dots are pink.)


Loved the dress, but runs way small.  Also, was missing the belt.  Because Amazon cloths almost always run small, I did size up, but it was still too small. Liked enough that was going to order a still larger size, but was sold out.  Recommend for teen, good quality for price; adorable.


It is as perfect as it could be. Purchesed for my lovely wife. We were searching for a frock which would be perfect for beach and spring. After a long time, I was able to take some good photos of her. Thanks a lot. (Photo was taken by me)


