Great price and very cute dress. Only 4 stars because the material is a little bit cheap looking. The fit is very flattering. I'm 5'6" around 140 pounds and got a medium. I'm small chested so it's a bit loose on top but nothing a good bra won't help with lol. I would definitely recommend this dress! I'm wearing it to a summer wedding and I can't wait.


This dress arrived well packaged, and pattern, etc are as shown in the photo. I ordered a medium and was concerned it would be too small, but it's actually a tad too large. I'm a solid size 6, 5'7". The fabric is a little scratchy, but I think a wash will take care of that and I wasn't expecting super high quality fabric for the price. You definitely need a crinoline if you want the 50s poof. Super cute and worth it for the price.


UPDATE: I have washed this and the fabric greatly improved. I do however have to say that it's made for someone with a shorter torso than me. The chest darts and the waist both sit little high on me - I'm 5'7" so not overly tall. I have gotten TONS of compliments on it, though, and will definitely continue to wear this.


I love it. I want 5 so I can wear it every day of the week. I'm 5'6", 170'ish pounds, and a 36D. High-necked dresses like this are always a bit snug in the bust, so I ordered XL to accommodate the ladies, and it was perfect! That made it a bit too big everywhere else, but since this dress comes with a cute black belt, I used it to cinch the waist in a bit, and it looked adorable. Could TOTALLY wear it with a petticoat, and it would look fabulous!


I was worried that since I got the lemon pattern with the white background, it would be see through, and it isn't see through at ALL - it's perfect. Fabric is excellent quality. If I were getting married, I'd totally use this as a bridesmaid dress.


I might have it taken in a bit if I lose weight, but really, the belt helps. If you're a B or C cup, just order true to size. If you're busty, order up one size. Absolutely LOVE IT!!!


I LOVE this dress!!!! I want it in every color now! I am 5'11" and 188 lbs. I wear a size 12 in womans,  and got the XL. It fits almost perfect,  just a tiny bit (like a very, very tiny bit) big. If I wasn't trying to lose weight right now, I wouldn't worry about it getting too loose. It's beautiful on,  very well made! I was SUPER impressed with it! I also bought the  petticoat to go with it,  really makes it stand out, and I like the added length since I'm tall! It's great material,  with a little stretch. I will be back for more! I can't wait to wear this to a Christmas party!


My stats for reference:


5'7"


180lbs


38C


Bottom-heavy/pear-shaped


Ordered dress in XL


I was very happy with this dress for the price. It's a nice, sturdy fabric with a flattering cut. The circle skirt has a decent flare with and without a petticoat. My photos are w/petticoat. It hits right below the knees. I was worried the dress would be too small in the chest and upper waist, but it fits well enough. It is loose in the chest, but not so much that is has unflattering gaps. In the upper waist, it also has a bit of room, which is better than the alternative (slightly suffocating me anytime I sit down). I am the only one who notices this extra room, as it looks great and fitted to others. A large definitely would have been slightly too tight for me and there is no stretch in the fabric pattern I picked. I will consider others of this style in the future.


Elegant dress for a very low price. My daughter wore this for homecoming and she looked very classy. The color was a bit more red than it appeared in the picture but still on the darker side. She was happy and so was I. For reference, she is 5'6" and 130 lbs. It hit just at the knee.


I bought this dress for my tea party bridal shower and am so excited to wear it! It fit as expected and is soooo flattering! I'm usually between M and L for dresses and the large fits nicely with a tiny amount of space to move. I plan to buy a krineline skirt for underneath to add a little extra poof. It does come with a black velvet belt which is cute and accentuates the waist line. Love this dress and will likely buy more for other things like Kentucky derby parties and Christmas!


This dress is very versatile for many occasions! I got it for mother's day, but wore it later for a fancy dinner, and then again for a wedding! This dress gets so many compliments. Its a great addition to my wardrobe!


I have never had a dress that fits this perfectly. I tried a whole slew of dresses that cost more than five times as much, but the fit was not as good and the quality was no better. The fabric is beautiful and the cut absolutely perfect for full-figured women. I plan to buy as many as I can fit in my closet! The price is incredible and I will be proud to wear this dress on any occasion. Can't say enough good things!!


I am 5ft6.5in tall, 32 D cup and weigh 123 lbs with a waist of 26 inches. I usually get a medium when I order dresses but I decided to go with a small so I’d be pressured to lose weight before the wedding I’m planning to wear this dress to. However the fit of the dress is a bit too large and the belt that comes with the dress isn’t much help. I can adjust the belt and somehow make it work but I was a bit disappointed in the fit. However the dress is beautiful in the pictures others have posted and lovely in person as well. It can be worn by itself or with the under skirt poofy tule thing. It’s also not see through! Which is definitely a huge plus. I don’t regret buying this.


