This is the best review I have ever given. I received my dress today and it fits perfect! Cute. Stylish. Great quality. I'm getting another one for sure! I ordered a medium. I'm 5'6" and 120lbs. Fits perfect. And the belt that comes with it is not cheap, great accessory with the dress!


Beautiful dress, but I bought it a size too big expecting the sizes to run small. Dress is true to size. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star was because I didn't want to wear a can can under it and the dress part, to me, had too much fabric.


This dress fits like a dream! It is great quality and I'm probably going to order it in every print available... it is very flattering and definitely worth the price.


Great dress. Fit is a little snug and the belt and zipper are cheaply made. I’m not expecting this to be an everyday dress. It will last only if worn every once in a blue moon


This dress is GORGEOUS. I loved it when I put it on! Not too snug, not too big.


After wearing it for one day, when taking it off, I saw the dress wasn't attached to the zipper (there was a hole in it). Made me sad that this dress would only work for one wear. If this dress lasted for more than one wear, I'd love it! But that's too much money for one time use! Going to have to look and see what their return policy is. So sad because the dress really is pretty.


I ordered up based on other recommendations and that made all the difference.  I am pleased with the way the dress fits and I think its adorable.  I ordered a petticoat to wear with it and I love the look both ways.


This dress fit perfectly!  It even seemed like it was tailored to fit.  I received many complements when I was wearing it, and it can be dressed up or down.  Awesome dress for an awesome price.  I wore it to the Kentucky Derby and it was perfect!


Somewhat cheap fabric, but not that bad. Not super sheer either, but I might get a slip for underneath. It came with a bright red belt that was just a ribbon; nothing like the black buckled one shown in the picture. I like that it had hoops for the belt, too. I think I'll keep it, but I'm 5'2" and it hangs just below my knees so I might get it hemmed. Otherwise, a small fits fine, and I usually wear around a size 2. Not bad for the price.


Beautiful dress! I bought this dress for dapper day at Walt Disney World and I received many compliments! I am 5’4, 36 E and ordered a medium which fit great but I may have been able to size downbecause it had a little space in my waist.


I wore this dress to a costume party as Kate Middleton. It is very nice material, and worked great for the event! I love the length of the dress, and it is definitely nice enough to wear again to church or to a wedding. I am normally a size small, and this dress fit me perfectly.


