I love this dress! I ordered the navy and it is perfect for work. I got many compliments! It's a good dress to wear when you want to look professional but would also be nice to wear out to dinner.


This is a lovely dress, the color that I ordered was the red with small black polka dots. The colors are vibrant, the dress is made of nice material and workmanship for the price and  arrived earlier than expected. Nevertheless, the dress was too small so I recommend to order a size up of what you normally wear. I will reorder because I truly like the dress.


I ordered the subdued floral in blue and pink. It is a lovely dress. The fabric is substantial but with a flattering drape. I ordered based on my bust size. The waist is too big, and the arm holes are too big, which reveals my bra when I lift my arms. The waist can be cinched somewhat with the belt that is included, but doing this does pucker the bottom of the bodice. I'm hoping a camisole will help with the bra exposure.


All that said, I really enjoy the dress. Its movement makes it fun to wear, and it is very comfortable and flattering. I look forward to ordering more dresses by this maker.


I took a chance and didn't measure myself but ordered a Large. I am 5'7 and wear size 10-12. Fit Perfect! Very comfortable too. I wish the color had been a deeper burgundy/wine color rather than more red.But still very nice. Very happy with the purchase since I never shop for clothes on line. And what a deal on a dress.


I was so excited to get this dress, but it arrived HUGE. I used the sizing chart provided and according to it, Im a 3X (even though I'm a 10/12). It's getting returned and I'm going to order a different size and hope it fits. The pattern and the quality are both lovely, the size chart is just really off.


I absolutely love this dress! I normally wear large but after reading the reviews I ordered an XL, it is a bit tight in the bust but I am keeping the XL (never know if/when I might loose an inch or two. LOL)  And because I love the dress so much I am going to order another one in XXL, so I can wear it now.


My husband and friends loved this dress. I bought it for Halloween but love the rockabilly fashion so much that I wear it beyond the Halloween parties. It is beautiful and form flattering. I am 5 '7 " 160 pounds and purchased a size Large.  It nicely hid my post baby belly (baby boy was born Oct 2nd). This dress makes you look amazing and you'll feel amazing in it.


I super duper love this dress. I ordered up because I get nervous with online ordering. I should not have done that. It's true to size and beautifully made. If you are on the fence, definetly go for it


The dress is lovely and fits OK (top of the dress is short and sits above your waist line).  My problem is that I was obviously sent a returned dress.  The front of the dress has 2 lipstick marks on the chest area and there are 3 brown spots on the left hand side.  The person that returned the dress has even stiched in a butterfly clip at the top of the zip to hold the back of the dress together.  I purchased the outfit to wear to a party and since I do not have time to return it, I am now taking it to a dry cleaners/seamstress to see if they can clean it and repair it prior to the event I am attending in less than 24 hours.


Sad stuff Amazon - you really need to look at your returned products and make sure that they are still in perfect condition to send out to other customers.


This is a gorgeous, well made dress. It makes a big woman like me look smaller.  The material is soft, well crafted, and the dress itself is well made.  I ordered in 3 colors I'm so impressed.


