Dress came as pictured in the promised time.  I am 5'4", 36/27/37 and ordered a medium.  It is a tiny bit short in the waist but not enough to mess up the look.  The bodice fits like a glove through the bust area, and the armholes are a bit tight but not uncomfortably so. I usually wear looser fitting clothing, so the term "fits like a glove" comes to mind.  I also think losing 10-20 lbs will solve that issue, though!  If you are in between sizes, go up and take it to a tailor for alteration.  I think this is the route I'll take when I order again, just to get the bodice at my natural waist.  Otherwise the dress is high quality for the price point.  Order the petticoat if you want the fullness shown in the picture.  Without the petticoat, this dress is perfect for the office.  Ditch the rubber belt and find a cute patent leather belt for a more polished look.  For the event I'm wearing this dress at, I'm getting some 1.5 inch black grosgrain ribbon and make it long enough to tie a big bow in the back.


Most importantly, DOUBLE CHECK YOUR ORDER TO MAKE SURE YOU ARE ORDERING FROM GRACE KARIN'S STORE!  This is a legit deal, folks.  If something is seriously wrong with your dress, it didn't come from Grace Karin.


This dress was absolutely darling! I got this for an event at our church… A movie premiere that the kids made. It was the perfect dress for the event. Fun and fancy at the same time! I use the size chart and measured and it fit perfectly. I did get a petticoat to go under it. Lots of compliments!


I love the cut of this 1950's inspired dress - it fits and flatters in all the right places.


1.  The fabric is a polished cotton - which at first was a little off putting as it is kind of shiny like a silk or satin, however, I paired it with a black motorcycle jacket and boots - which seemed to cut down on the "prom" look of the material. This dress can be dressed up or down depending on accessory choice.


2.  The bodice has darts at the waist and side bust - which really helps to bring you in and create a smaller silhouette.  It is sleeveless, but because of the weight of the fabric I think this dress with a jacket transitions nicely to fall.  The arm holes were not too tight and the scoop neck did not rise too far up.


3.  The waist fit perfectly - the stitching was great with no skipped stitches or pulled threads.  It comes with a belt, that i did not particularly care for because I thought it looked a bit cheap.


4.  The length is a couple of inches below my knee, however, I am 5'3", so everything is long on me!  The hem is even without skipped stitches or pulled threads.


At first I was going to give this dress four stars because of the shiny fabric, however, I wanted to wear it first and give it a chance before demoting it!.  Glad I did, I absolutely love it!  I would recommend this dress for all of the reasons listed above, I think it is a great dress for a great price and at the end of the day isn't that what it's all about.


4.


This dress was the talk of the town. It fits PERFECTLY and I do recommend getting a petticoat for extra fluff.


So a great dress and extremely happy with my purchase


I can't say enough how much I love this dress!!! I wore it for Easter this year and I received so many compliments while wearing it. I bought a petticoat to wear under it which made it look perfect. I also, bought a ribbon to tie around my waste instead of the belt that came with the dress. The thin belt wasn't really my style, but the ribbon looked great! Not only was the dress beautiful, it is incredibly well made! I ordered the size according to my measurements on the size chart & it fit perfectly. I love this dress and now I'm trying to decide what other colors I want to order!


Sorry the photo isn't the greatest, but I only had family photos and I cropped it so the dress was the focal point.


So I'm normally a small on top and a medium on bottom.  The small fit and was just a little roomy in the waist, which was the exact opposite of what I was expecting.  It doesn't look too big and cinches nicely, especially with a belt.  If you're debating between a small and a medium, I would try the small.


The belt isn't the best quality and is overly long, though, so I would not bank on being able to use it, at least not for long.


I'm 5'3", and the dress comes down to just below my knees.  It fits well and is super cute.  The material is nice and a little thick, especially compared to dresses typically found at local stores.  You will have to iron this every single time you wear it, so keep that in mind.  The stitching is great, too, and the seams are clean.  My only complaint is that the tag was literally sewn into the side seam and had to be cut out.  I feel like that probably weakened the seam, but I haven't seen any poor side effects yet.  If it turns out to be a problem, I will update this review.


Overall, I absolutely love the dress and plan to order more in different colors.  :)  It's especially cute with the black petticoat that Grace Karlin sells on here.  Definitely go ahead and get one if you decide to get this dress.  It will give you the cutest silhouette ever.


I ordered this dress for my sons girl fiend! It is beautiful on her! She wears a size 10-12, so we ordered her a large just what the size chart said to do. She is now going to order more dresses from this designer. The quality is very high. Shipped very quickly. She added the black tu-tu, which really made it more vintage like.


Thank god this dress was too large for me because it was being returned right away no matter what! I opened up the packing and the first thing I see are deodorant stains along the outside arm holes!!! As I continue to unzip the dress the stains are all along the inside as well as where the previous owner must have put it under her boobs. Not only that, but I start to look for the belt that comes with it....not there. I will try one more time to order in the one size smaller and hopefully there will be no stains!


Used as my surprise wedding dress for an elegant brunch at a museum.  Perfect fit (no tailoring needed) and very comfortable.  Purchased a teal sash to match the groom's shirt - but the classic black and white will work with any color!


It needs a proper slip under it, I don't own a lot of white so maybe this is normal. The fabric is soft with a smidge of stretch not stiff like some dresses I've bought. You'll want an iron and to know how to iron a pleated skirt! It came squished in a bag so it was wrinkly and som of the pleats in the skirt were off from being packaged funny. Runs small, but a lot of reviews said that so I checked to fit guide so I went with the largest size they offered and it's comfortable but still a bit snug around the ribs but that's the style on my body not a defect in sewing ( I wear anywhere between a 12 and 16 depending on the brand).


