I read all of the reviews before purchasing and you need to follow the sizing chart from the company and NOT Amazons! I am a size 12 and ordered an XL. The belt provided with dress is garbage, and the waist is very high.


But overall great quality and super cute!


LOVE. THIS. DRESS. I ordered it to wear to my bridal shower. It was a tea party theme, so I needed something floral and fancy. I ended up pairing this dress with a crinoline, and it looked amazing!


I followed the size chart, and selected a size SMALL. I am typically a 2 or a size SMALL in dresses, so the seller's sizing is definitely on target. In addition, the quality was just perfect. Everyone was raving about this dress.


For the quality and price, it is a steal! I love that it came with a belt, however I already had another belt in mind for this dress. It was definitely a nice bonus!


This seller has an amazing variety to choose from and I have already recommended this line of dresses to so many friends. I would definitely buy this again.


I'm 5'9" and just shy of 150 lbs. I initially purchased this in a medium since that's what I typically wear. After receiving it and trying it on, I had the same issue as a few other reviewers with it being too large up top. Then I considered that most of my weight is lower on my body. I'm a 32C, but this baby got back. So, I returned the medium and ordered a small. I'm so glad I did! It fit perfectly. I liked how the length of the medium hit me mid knee, but the small is just above the knee. The rest of the fit was perfect. I'm fairly modest, so I like mid-knee length or lower, but that's just my personal taste. For the drape shown in the main image, I'm going to need a petticoat. If I was wearing this to a '50s themed party, I might; as an everyday dress, this is perfect as is.


When ordering, look more exact dimensions up top. Don't bother thinking about your hips since those will mostly be hidden by the drape of the fabric.  The photos are of me in the small, not the medium.


This dress was much too small. I bought it to wear out to a themed dinner theater, but when I tried it on it was much to small, even according to the size chart. It wrinkles very easily and has to be ironed before wearing. Even though it was exactly as pictured, it was not a very pretty dress. It was not very comfortable. I returned this dress and will not reorder. If you're a petite size, this dress might work for you, but for larger women, the dress is uncomfortable and not at all flattering. It was a good length. The material was stiff and is definitely not wash and wear. You will have to iron it every time you wash it.


Loving this dress, don't have all the accessories yet but the dress fits well, flows awesomely, and is just above the knee. I bought a 1x Dress. I'm 6'3" 220lbs size 38 male. 43 hips, 43 bust, 40 waist.


The dress is cute. Material is thick, dry clean only.  I'm usually a size 10-12, and the extra large fit me a little big, as expected.  Unfortunately the belt did not come with the dress as in description.  The company offered to mail me one in 2-3 weeks, but that wasn't going to help, as I bought it the week I needed to wear it.  I bought a cheap belt at Walmart and pulled it off. I got tons of compliments on the dress.  In the photos I'm wearing a peticoat.


This dress is great for the price. I'm 5'6" tall, 140lbs, a little short-waisted, narrow shoulders, 32DD bust...the medium fits perfectly, falling just below the knee. The black floral fabric has a satiny feel with a little stretch, and it looks good with or without a crinoline slip underneath. Works great with my cropped sweater!


I am so pleased with this purchase. I read a lot of reviews and ordered according to my size. Im 5'2" and weigh 150 give or take and wear a 38 c. I ordered an xl and it fit me perfectly. I ordered a petticote to go with this and it looks beautiful. Im wearing this to my first daughters wedding in March and cannot wait!


I loved this dress. If I could dress like this everyday and not stick out, I would! I wore a tulle skirt under it for the extra poof!


Ugh. My reviews keep erasing. I am 150 pounds and 5'9. Bought a M. Fit like a glove at the wedding I attended. Compliments all over the place!


