I love the look of this dress! My only complaint is that cotton is very heavy so it's not ideal for a summer, outdoor wedding.


I ordered this dress last minute to wear for Easter. (Desperate measure) I’m a fashionista and I was very impressed ! I’m about 140 and 5”8. I ordered a medium but I probably could have gotten away with a small. It’s roomy and modest, as I planned on wearing it to church. The only thing I would say is give yourself time to get it dry cleaned as it comes very wrinkled. I also ordered the poofy skirt(can’t think of the name right now sorry lol) to go under. I ordered it from amazon and it gave it the full effect. Would purchase again !


I really like this dress, gave it a 4 star because there is always room for improvement,  like adding cap sleeves and a lighter fabric. .. other than that, it fits beautiful, I am a medium but since this dresses run small I usually get a large,  I have been recovering from an illness and have gained a few pounds, so I figured, better go bigger just in case, so this time I got XL, and I really like the extra room! I mean,  I could tell that I could have gotten one size smaller but it don't show up,  it just looks confortable, and this way my daughter who is taller and heavier than me can wear it too!


Full figure plus size perfection! I have recently gaines weight from lifes ups and downs and i needed to find the perfect dress to help me feel beautiful on my graduation day. Came across this dress and all the wonderful reviews and knew I had to purchase it and I'm glad I did! I wear a 38 DDD bra and size 14 in pants so I purchased a size 1x. Not onlydid it make me feel GREAT but slim as well. Nevermind all of the compliments. Go ahead and purchase it  hunny you deserve to feel as great as I did that day!


Nothing like what is shown in the pic. The quality of cloth is really bad , it looks very cheap and there is no lining under the dress , I bought this dress seeing the reviews from so many people, honestly buying clothes from amazon has always been a bad experience for me. I’m returning this right away !!


Never again ..


This dress paired with a purple hat was amazing. I'm a size 12 who can sometimes wear a size 14 on my "fat girl" days and this dress fit wonderfully. Right size and length for church, tea, or party.


Ordered a XXX-Large...Fit is good, but a bit big on top.  I wear a 38DD, but my measurements are 43-38-43  It was easy to zip up.  I am keeping the size I ordered because overall it fits well.  The dress that I ordered is NOT a cotton blend, but appears to be polyester; has a bit of a shiny finish.  BEAUTIFUL dress!  I wear it with a red petticoat underneath, and it is adorable!


I initially ordered this dress a size larger, just to err on the side of Internet Clothing Caution!  When the dress arrived, I immediately tried it on and it was way too big.  I returned it and ordered the next size down and it fit so perfectly, it was almost too snug.  I have a ridiculously large chest, and it is a bit tight, however it doesn't look like it.  The dress is well made, flattering on larger sizes, and simply lovely.  I ordered a dual pack of black and white petticoats to go along with this dress.  I tried the dress with both black and white, and both looked great.  I tried it with both, and it tiptoed on the verge of too much, but it was really fun!!!


This dress exceeded my expectations and I could not beat the price. I am 5 feet tall, 140lbs, a DDD, and I bought the medium. I have trouble finding items that are flattering for my top heavy figure. I can honestly say I looked awesome in this dress and felt super confident. I wore it for a formal event. The fabric and stitching is of high quality. As other reviewers mentioned the belt is not so great. I bought a separate small patent leather black belt and it was perfect. Cleaning instructions say dry clean only which is my only complaint. Honestly, I was so happy with this dress I am happy to pay to have it dry cleaned.


Very cute, but a bit of an odd fit.  There is too much room in the neckline, and the dress is so short-waisted that C cup and above will make it look like an empire cut.  I had plenty of room for my bust and waist and hips, but the proportions were not what I wanted.  I have an average torso length.


It is very cute and worth trying on if you have free returns though.


