Im so happy with the dress. I was scare about the size, im 5'2 136 lb, 34A... i order medium and it was the perfect size for me.. i would definitely order another one in a different color. :-).


I am over 6 foot and have all kinds of problems finding dresses that are not way too short.  My natural waist is high so a slightly empire waist is perfect.  I am not busty and the bodice fits perfectly.  Will be buying multiple more.  Very well made.


Very beautiful dress, well made and good quality for the price. I ordered 2 different color and nowvI can't decide which one to keep. I might just keep both and order more colors too.


Perfect for our 50's theme dance party.  I paired it with crinoline underskirt to add to the drama of the dress.


I haven't officially worn this dress anywhere yet, but I liked it when I tried it on. The material is a bit heavy, but that can be a good thing, I suppose. I might recommend getting a petticoat to wear underneath so that it flares out a bit more.


Wore with a red sweater to work Holiday Party.  It is very cute dress.  Be careful on windy days.


Love it! Super cute, fits as expected, print pattern is bright and colorful and it's an absolute bargain at the price. I might even come back for another in a different color!


Perfect fit, absolutely adorable. I am very short, and I think of myself as a bit chubby - some don't, I do. I love these types of dresses and I will most likely buy another in a different color. I got lots of compliments! I would definitely recommend.


I bought this dress for my mother and she absolutely LOVED it. It fit just right. She's a size 16 and I bought the XL. Also, don't skip on the petticoat. It really makes the dress pop


This dress is absolutely adorable. It fits well and is made of quality material. It is extremely comfortable and would be a dress easily worn all day. I did buy the petticoat separately to help the bottom flare out. The belt is rather thin and has a velvet like finish but it does the trick to accentuate where needed. I would definitely recommend.


