I didn't realize it came with the belt. How cute! The packaging implies they care about their product. The cotton is smooth. The zipper seems sturdy. I decided that if it requires ironing, then I'm willing to take it to the cleaners regularly because I love this dress, but I don't iron.


Beautiful dress. Looks nice with or without petticoat. Purchase a white one from same company to wear with. Also purchase a yelloe shrug for the lemon print dress. I was concerned it might be slightly snug but didn't want to order a size up as the measurements were much too large. It definitely has some room. I have a small chest (38/40 B) and am a pants size 18, tops usually 18/20 or 2XL. Ordered the Plus Size 2X. Definitely could get a larger chest in the dress.


My daughter loves this dress! Fits her well and it looks even better with red skinny belt and red petticoat!


Bought 3 of these dresses for a theatrical production. They looked great on stage, really cute dress, well made of good fabric and a feature I really liked, a zipper in the back not on the side.  Be careful of the sizing if you are plus size make sure you order the plus sizes not the XXL.  The larger non plus sizes are smaller than the sizing chart shows. The medium was sized right.


Got the wrong color and it was a pain to return even though it wasn't my fault.


You get what you pay for.  The shape of the dress is lovely, but it doesn't quite fit properly at the waist or bust (I'm a smaller gal).  It also arrived partially covered in cat hair, and within minutes of looping the belt through the belt loops...one of the securing straps broke.  There is also nowhere else to tuck in the end of the belt, so it just flaps around in the back looking ridiculous.  I had an interview today and literally had to have my husband tape the belt in the back.  It's quite a bargain, but the quality is definitely lacking.


The dress is more shiny satin (I personally like more of a matted material) but the quality of the material is really good. It doesn't have a lining, but it is of a heavier material so it falls nicely on the body. It has a nice swing when walking. The colors are vibrant and the shape is perfect. I would have liked for it to be a bit longer, but I am 5'10" so it is hard to find dresses that are below the knee. I really like this dress.


This dress is cute as a button! The only thing I didn't like was that it barely reached my knees. If it were 6 inches longer I would have kept it! It is so cute! I highly recommend this dress if you don't mind the skirt being a little short.


Adorable!  My 12 year old wore this for Cotillion.


Wore this at a wedding this past summer. This dress is beautiful, fits me perfectly. I bought the proper slip underneath to make it look like in the picture. I am a size 8, 144 pounds, 32E, the medium fit me perfectly. I got many compliments on this dress. Good quality material and well made.


Will be buying other colors.


