This is a lovely dress. I wore it with the crinoline slip and it hung beautifully. I did have to iron it prior to wearing it and I used a steam iron on medium with full steam this worked well.  I am 5'8 and weigh 170, the xl fits perfect. My daughter says I should buy 5 of these she love it, she's 22.


I was very hesitant about this dress.  It looks small.  It looks short.  It looks hot.  (I live in FL and can't wear anything that makes me overheated and sweaty).  I am happy to report the dress is GORGEOUS and PERFECT!  I am 5'4", 300lbs and got 3x.  The dress fits perfect and even a little loose.  I have a curvy/voluptuous body, so I have large breasts, big hips and butt.  This dress conceals all of that and makes me look well put together.  Out of the 3-4 items I recently bought and tried on, my husband LOVED this dress the best on me.  I can't wait to play around with what colors to match with it. I plan on using yellow, red and even pink.  In any case, I loved it so much that I purchased one more.  The blue with white small dots.  I can't wait to get it.  Maybe I'll wear it for father's day.


I bought this dress for a 90th birthday lunch and I immediately fell in love with it! I'm top heavy so I made sure to follow the size guide and it fits perfectly! Snug enough to hug curves, but no where near restrictively tight, and quite comfortable! Lots of compliments given and I think I'm going to wear it to a wedding soon because it's perfect for parties!


Pictured are the dress with an added petticoat and the dress as is on the right.


CUTE!!! Flattering cut, but still work appropriate because of the length and neck, but without being so high-necked it looks stuffy or overly matronly. Color comes exactly as pictured, nice dark black and bright colors.  I ordered an extra large because of my hips and bust (40 inch bust and about the same on the hips) based on the reviews I read and feel that I have plenty of room (particularly in the waist), so probably would have been fine with an L . It's a stiff fabric, though, so a little roomy is probably a smart choice. Comes with thin belt, but the little loops for the belt don't stick out hugely if you don't wear one.


My only complaint with this dress is that the zipper catches right at the waist seam. So much so that I have to have help getting in and out of it. I want to order more colors because I like the way it fits and looks but if the zipper does not get better with time I will not be.


Update: It was finally warm enough where I live to wear this dress and I was able to get into it with no real issue--seems like the zipper catching works itself out. Plus I have gotten a ton of compliments and am super happy with the way it looks.


Beautiful dress made with good, thick fabric. I accidentally bought the 3X plus instead of the 3X, so the top swallows me. I am 5'1 and weigh 175 with a 40 inch chest. I was afraid this would run like the last two dresses I purchased, which is to say very small; but this one actually runs a little big. (I could have gotten away with a 2X.) The belt is cheap, and it would benefit you to just get a ribbon or a better belt all together. It's a gorgeous dress though, and even though I won't be able to wear it, it's still a good buy!


Buy the Anni Coco version of this dress instead! This one is ill-fitting with an extremely short torso so that it made me look pregnant. Someone in another review mentioned covering the abnormally high waist seam with a strategically-positioned extra wide belt, but seriously just buy the other dress. It's cheaper and you don't need the belt anyway - the belt is junk. For reference, I'm a size 4, sometimes 6, and the small was the correct size aside from the high waist.


I'm so surprised to admit this dress turned out to be perfect. I read all the questions/answers and reviews before ordering, so I ordered one size up and wound up with a perfect-fitting dress. It's adorable. I got so many compliments the first time I wore it. It's classy, a tad retro, comfortable, flouncy, fun and an incredibly good price. Definitely order one size up, however.


Honestly, my only complaint was that the wind was blowing really hard the first day I wore it and I accidentally mooned a birthday party when the dress blew up in the air and seemed to just magically stay there for a few seconds while I frantically tried to cover my tush. I can't really blame the dress for that. But, maybe just be very careful on windy days in this dress.


I was looking for a dress the will look good enough for a wedding but still give the casual feeling and I found this dress. Perfect for the occasion and the dancing after.


I am 105lbs, stands 5'1 and uses 32C bra.


I ordered the XS size and it fits me perfectly.


I wore Victoria Secret bombshell bra underneath this dress  which adds 2 cup sizes and it still gave me enough room not to feel suffocated.


When you order make sure to buy from GRACE KARIN seller. I read from previous reviews that the clothes from other sellers are not as good as the ones from GRACE KARIN. So keep that in mind for mind.


The fabric quality is good too. It's not like those cheap see through kind of dresses. I also wore Grace Karin peticoat to give the skirt more volume, makes the dress lands just the right length. Over-all this is a great buy. Worth the money for the look, style and quality.


I hope the info I put here can give you an idea about the sizing.


I ordered the lavander floral dress a while back in late march, it came quick and was perfect! The fit, the dress, the material it all worked out great. So for my birthday, asked my brother to buy my the black one, since I loved the other so much, this one is nothing like it should be, cheap material, too small and has a different name on the tag, pretty disappointed and it took forever to ship.


It's super classic like Jackie O. Fits perfect and is the perfect accessory to red lipstick and kitten heels!


