I loved this dress fit very nicely! Every time I have worn it I have gotten lots of complements. The dress hangs nicely without a petticoat so I found no need to buy one. The only thing I have to say about the dress is that the belt it comes with doesn't really have a good way to secure all the excess belt so I have to tuck it back into the side loop multiple times a day. But that's an easy fix and doesn't really bother me. I would recomend this dress and will most likely buy another of a different color in my size.


This dress was absolutely beautiful...


Perfect for a tea party.


After receiving my dress I purchased another dress for my mother... shes in the black, white and red.


I felt and looked like marvelous while hosting a Tea party baby shower.


Love this dress!! The epitome of a sunny summer dress. I'm typically a 14-16, with a 35'' waist and 43'' bust, and the XXL is great. (If I was going for something super fitted, I could have stepped down a size, given that the fabric has a little stretch to it.) The weight of the fabric means smooth lines, a bit of structure, and no transparency, in spite of the light color. I've even sewn some hidden side pickets into it, which work great and don't disturb the lines at all (these were my first try - I just googled a how-to and a pattern, and it was pretty easy).


I paired it with "eVogues Women's Wide Patent Leather Fashion Belt Yellow - One Size Junior" and "MsBasic Womens Versatile Open Front Lightweight Long Sleeve Bolero Shrug (Large, Yellow)".


I was pleasantly surprised with the quality! It feels well-made and the floral pattern I purchased is very pleasing, not tacky and not too bright. Not my usual style, but was hosting an Easter tea-party and wanted something that looked like an innocent, 1950s housewife lol... I did buy a white petticoat to wear underneath. Fyi -I'm wearing a white apron in the picture as well.


I purchased a extra small because i wanted a fitted look...especially on the waist. Everything fit great except it was a little snug under my arm pits and couldn't wear a bra with it (which wasn't a problem since the material is a good thickness). I am 5'8" and 126lbs..


Took my 30th birthday pictures in this dress, it worked just great for me.


Love it. Fits perfectly. The top of the zipper is not neatly sewn and keeps pulling out of its seam, but I don't expect perfect tailoring for this price. I can throw in a few stitches myself and fix it.


Larger than described (Small fits like a medium), as with all of their products.


Very nice material, beautiful design. Just buy it, Okay.


Loved it ...my girls was so happy


It's really nice and and it fits great I had a petticoat with it.


Wow! I absolutely love this dress. I order the black one with pink polka dots in a size large. I'm usually an 11/12 so it fits true to size. I wore a 25" petticoat underneath to give it more flare. The material does have some stretch and is very soft and comfortable. I plan to order more dresses!


