I am 5'7", I bought a size small.  The dress needs to be about 1/2-1" longer for me.  The chest shaping is slightly too high as well.  I was hoping to wear the dress to a wedding but it looks too casual for a wedding.  It's a fun dress regardless and I will most likely keep it.


I'm 5'5",145lbs, 35 bust, 28waist. I typically wear dresses size 6-8 depending on the space it allows for my larger hips. Bought the medium and it fit like a dream. Great stretch, but still felt structured enough to hide my mommy pouch. The only thing that could've made it better would be pockets. I will be buying more. Hope they make more styles with sleeves so I can wear to church and other conservative places without needing a bolero/sweater. I wore this for Mother's Day and received so many compliments.


While the dress is beautiful, the sizing is extremely misleading. I used the sizing chart provided but the chest is just way too small and I just know if I got a larger size, the waist would be too big and look terrible. I am very disappointed as I had expected to wear this dress to an upcoming party. The material and print are beautiful though and if you are a woman with slender shoulder area, it probably would fit you fine. I have very broad shoulders and a wide chest area and neither are accommodated by this dress. I will keep it though and hope that one of my relatives might wear it.


After getting the dress from dry cleaners. I was getting a lot of compliments just from picking it up. I wear it Sunday and loved it. This is one vintage dress that looks good on me. I love it and get a lot of compliments just from wearing it...Got a lot of admires and plus the lookers. This dress is classy fits perfectly on me. I love the vintage look...Even though I wear more pants suits then anything. I was impress with this dress the cotton feel of it. It is not to tight, above my knee and will buy another color with the same vintage style. I promise pic and now I am posting....


I absolutely love this dress! I'm 5'4', 135 lbs, and the small fits me perfectly. The length falls right below my knee which is really flattering. My bust is 33in., and waist is 27in. Small is perfect with plenty of room to breath and move. As per other reviews, I'm not crazy about the belt because it's really long. I will get another belt to go with, but other than that I'm so in love with this dress. It totally fits the retro vibe I was going for!


So beautiful! It's amazing and true to size!


Loved it. It's beautiful and it fits perfectly


I'm in love with this dress! It's beautiful and feminine. Great quality. I'm a size 18/20 so I ordered the 2x. Fits though torso and waist, a big big in the chest (I'm a 38C). I'll probably have it altered to be a bit more snug, but I could wear it as is. I added a small petty coat for more volume. Love it!


I bought this dress for Easter and I love it.  I am not the type of girl who often wears dresses (picture jeans and tanks with flip flops) so if I buy a dress it must be perfect.  Luckily, this dress is perfect.  I followed the fit guide for sizing and was not disappointed.  The dress fit well.  I also got a petticoat to wear under it.  Made it just perfect.  It is a nice, cotton feel fabric that is not too stiff.  I haven't cleaned it yet so I can't attest to how the color holds up after cleaning. Black polka dots on a white dress can be a disaster when cleaning.  I think the care instructions stated to dry clean (need to double check) but it would make sense to ensure the black dots don't bleed into the white.  I received many compliments on the dress and am very pleased with the purchase.  I'm short (5' 2") so it hit just below the knee on me.


OK, going by all the comments I decided to go a size larger; well the dress was too large!  I normally wear a size 14 / XL; but depending on the style, it could range from a 12 misses to a 16 misses), so I ordered XXL and there was about an inch in the chest area and about 2 inches in the waist.  So I suggest to take your measurements and go by the chart and you will be fine.  This dress is absolutely beautiful....I ordered this one and the blue flowered print...I decided on the blue flower print and reordered in a smaller size (XL).....it came just to the middle to below my knee (5'5" 170 lbs).....


