Love this dress!  Received so many compliments.  I wear a 36DD, I’m about 64 1/2” tall, and around 140#. I normally wear a size 6 pants; and, often  in dresses get the medium, so the top will fit...I purchased the medium in this dress, and I did wear the crinoline underneath.  I had it dry cleaned/steamed before wearing and LOVE IT!


Beautifully made! I wore mine with a pedi coat but you could certainly wear it without.


So pretty and well made. I usually where a small and ordered a small. It fits well. Maybe a little big around the waist but the belt helps. Overall I can't wait to wear it on Easter Sunday.


Super cute! I always get a few compliments when I wear it. I didn't give it 5 stars because it's very easy to wrinkle and isn't always real easy to iron.


LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!!!!!! Now to order all the others in my size. Using their sizing guide and have someone help measure you. I will be ordering the pettycoats for this as I think it would help it 'fall' better.


This dress is GORGEOUS! I'm freaking out over this last minute holiday party outfit hail mary - a thing which never works out for me. Material is nice with a small sheen. Belt is too large (a problem I've never encountered as a 10/12) and will need a hole drilled for where I need it to fit and there's nothing to hold the belt strap up so I'll have to fashion something there. It's not fully lined but for the price, that's not surprising. It's a tiny but longer in the back and that's perfect for me. The skirt is full and fun and I cannot wait to wear this! Pairing it with red patent peep toe heels and a flip do for a non conventional night out look!


The cut is nice but the dress is very high maintenance. It will fade even if you dry clean it.


I git thus dress for a Kentucky Derby themed party and I received TONS of compliments on my dress. I loved the fit and it was so comfortable and flattering to my curvy figure. I wore a petticoat underneath to give it more volume, it was perfect!


This dress fit me perfectly. I'm 5'4, weigh 175lbs , wear size 12 and I was able to fit the large. I also purchased the black and white flower dress. For some reason the fabric seemed a little better on the black/white. Nevertheless I love both!


This dress was amazing and perfect for the Royal Ascot in England. I received so many compliments. The fit of it was perfect as well.


