I posted a photo of how I cleaned it. Let it bleed first, then I washed it with vinegar and detergent. The fit it great, comfortable dress, needs ironed (or in my case, steamed). It really was perfect. Longer than a “skater dress” which is what I wanted.


—Bust - 38 1/2 inches


—Waist - 33 inches


—Hips - 38 inches


I needed a dress in short order for a work event, and was nervous how this one would turn out for the price. I was pleasantly surprised! You pay for what you get: the dress is not fully lined, and has no hook at the top of the zipper. However: the seams are all well stitched, the darts are even and overall it is very well put-together. It lays perfectly and looks much more expensive than what I paid. I normally wear a size 10-12 and ordered the Large, and it fits like it was made for me. The Navy Blue fabric does have a little stretch, but no pockets. It did come with a belt that I promptly trashed because it smelled awful. But the dress itself has no odor. The skirt is nice and full; I opted to skip a crinoline - it looks fine without it. I will order a couple more for this price!


I wore this to a wedding and got a ton of complements. It was comfortable to dance in and twirled all night. I can't wait to buy another one! Don't skip the petticoat. It looks great both ways, so buy it for options. I got an XL, I'm 5'6.5" 185 athletic. I probably could have done the large.


Update: I ordered another and got the large. Fits like a glove!


Love this dress. I bought the black one in a small. I am 5'5" and 110 and busty and it fits very well. It is a little high waisted but I think that just adds to the vintage look. I will take some pictures when I wear it and edit this review.


For the price this dress can't be beat!  I had a Kentucky derby party to go to and I needed a dress.  This was perfect!  I didn't get any of the undergarments and it looked lovely.  I am 5'6 about 150 lbs I got a size large.  The color is a solid red.  Very pretty red, deeper rather than bright in color.  Looks lovely on.  Only wish it could have been a little longer.  Otherwise a very nice quality garment.  Nice for summer as it isn't lined.  Will be nice to play around with using different belts and different shoes, will change the look entirely.  Hope this helps ladies!


Absolutely wonderful. Kinda sad it's dryclean only but I want more! They're so classic looking and make me feel amazing. So far I have 3. I will probably get 3 more. I'm 5'10" 166lb and a medium fits great!


The dress would have been three stars if it had been as described, but it was a thin polyester fabric as opposed to the 100% cotton as stated in the description. I didn't expect the best quality, given the price, and you get what you pay for.


I bought this dress to wear to a 1940's swing dance party next week.  I originally had planned to make my own but time was running short and I was nervous about what size to make.  I even made a muslin out of crappy fabric per my measurements which came out too large.  I was having anxiety about cutting into my good fabric so Amazon to the rescue.  I read over the reviews and questions which guided me to purchase a size plus 1x and I knew that if it didn't fit I could easily return it and try another one even though I only had a week until the event.  Gotta love Amazon Prime.  I am 5'9" about 190lbs and I normally wear a size 14 or XL  This dress fits perfectly and even has a little room to spare.  As a fabricaholic (my husband is quite dismayed at my fabric collection) I can tell you that I absolutely LOVE this fabric!!!!  It is a high quality and has a little bit of stretch to it.  The colors are gorgeous and vibrants!  I don't know if they will hold up in the wash but to be honest at this price I'm only concerned about how they look for this one event.  I am also an amateur seamstress and the dress seems well constructed.  I purchased 2 dresses and I'm going to copy this review to the other.  The only problem I have now is deciding which one to wear!!!!!


What a dress! I bought this originally for a wedding - I'm so tired of buying expensive dresses only to wear them once and then they take up real estate in the back of my closet! I bought this dress for its versatility - I can wear it to the wedding, to dinner, to lunches, and to work. So my thoughts on this dress - This dress fits like a dream! I used the size chart to figure out what size to buy and it's as I expected. I have larger arms and shoulders from working out and was worried this would be too restrictive, but it's not at all. The bodice is VERY fitted, but not restrictive. I can breathe and move with no problem, and the skirt flares out, giving the appearance you have a tiny waist. (WINNING!) I wore this today for a work meeting, and since it's a little chilly here, I put on a little white shrug to keep my arms warm. The dress comes with a belt, but if you're not a belt person (like me), it looks fine without it. The material is pretty lightweight, but still substantial enough that it holds it shape. It doesn't wrinkle easily, making it a breeze to just put on and go. However, be careful on windy days or you might get your Marilyn Monroe moment! Overall, I'm so happy I bought this dress and will definitely be buying some other colors/patterns.


This dress, for the price, was great. I used a ribbon as the belt because the one provided was smaller than I'd have liked. It doesn't "poof out" as much as pictured unless you care to use a petticoat or crinoline, which I did not. The pattern was as pictured and it was comfortable to dance in for several hours. I got lots of compliments! I am 5'2", 135lbs and ordered the medium. Very sweet dress for our anniversary party!


