I wish I could give this dress more stars. I NEVER wear dresses. I hate the way I look in them. I ordered this dress for a cruise next week and ended up wearing it for Easter today. I wore it to church and  literally had dozens and dozens of compliments on it. In fact, I've already had to send the link on where to buy it to 2 of my friends! It's soft, it fits perfectly, it has a little bit of give (perfect since my weight tends to fluctuate 2-3 lbs) and it's very flattering. I honestly have never felt more beautiful than I did today in this dress.


I've already placed an order for more!


I'm 5'4" and about 170 lbs. I ordered the large.


Absolutely beautiful dress! I wore this to a wedding and received nothing but compliments. I did pair with a petticoat to dress it up and give it the true shape. Can also be dressed down to wear to work or on a date night. I want to buy the in several more colors!


Really lovely retro silhouette, nice material as well. I had to exchange it for a smaller size (my measurements are between sizes, so I erred on sizing up first), but it was very easy to return/exchange. Can be worn with or without a petticoat, but I prefer with one for extra vintage effect. I could definitely see myself buying multiple prints/colors of this dress in the future!


I wanted to be sure to leave a review with measurements and the size I ordered because it was really hard to tell exactly how this would fit from other reviews. My measurements are 36.5", 26", 36.75" and I ordered the medium and it fits great. The waist could be a little smaller, but once you belt it, it's totally fine.  I had to use a belt from another dress because the one that comes with this dress wasn't small enough and does look like it will stretch (which other reviews warned of), so I wouldn't put extra holes in it. I'll probably take the waist in eventually, but it's not noticeably too big, which I was concerned about. You DEFINITELY need a crinoline with this if you want it to look like the picture, but they're not expensive and can be used with other dresses once you have it. I bought this dress for my sister's graduation and had at least 5 people stop me to say they loved my dress, so it was a GREAT buy, especially for the price! I couldn't be happier!


Hawaiian theme party. My mom worn this dress to have there renewal of vow with my dad who was already sick at the ICU. Since my dads favorite color was yellow. She looked radiantly beautiful that day that even my dad’s eye sparkled when he saw my mom. My dad had a wonderful memory of my mom on his dying days until he passed away. I’m glad this dress perfectly fit my mom on that special day.


Great dress. The material is decent quality and it fit well. I purchased a large based on the dimensions listed in the size chart. I'm currently 5'6", 190 and three months postpartum. The dress hids my baby belly well. I am narrower around the ribs, I wear a 34 D bra when I'm not nursing and it fits snug but not tight. It is a nice dress for the price point.


I CAN JUST SAY I LOVE IT, PERFECT!!!


If you grew up wanting to be Audrey Hepburn this is your dress. I wanted it for an everyday dress but it was so elegant it became a church/ dress-up-for-lunch dress. The black and white is especially pretty when paired with a white shrug. Going by the size chart I was closest to a small. I probably could have worn a XS. The SM is a little roomy but not enough to look too big. I may go with XS when I order another one. The belt, however, is way longer than necessary. I'm wondering if they made one size belt for all dresses. Cutting off the excess is easy enough, though.


This dress fits well and is very flattering. This can be worn without the belt and in my opinion looks much better that way. The material is nice, and I will definitely order another in a different print!


This dress is bigger then I expected, which for me worked out ok. I for a 3x and I think I wear a 22 typically. I can put this dress on with out even unzipping it! I will have to have this one taken in a bit, I think I might order one size smaller next time (there will be a net time). However, I'm finding it very difficult to find a petticoat to fit me, its very frustrating.


