I ordered based on the measurements which was a size up for me and it's a little big, I should have ordered my regular size I usually get.


Lovely print and style but it was too long for me.  I ended up returning it without a problem.


The dress is beautiful but it need robbery ironed real good and wrinkles very easy.


I bought this for daughter's 8th grade graduation. She is 5'5", 125 lbs - purchased a medium. It fits very nicely. Room for a little growth, but looks very nice! The length is just an inch or so below her knees. I would recommend this dress to anyone needing a simple, cute, accurately sized dress.


Gorgeous dress. I get so many compliments. The material and fit are comfortable. You will need to put a good iron to it after it arrives. I now have 8 of these dresses (maybe more). They all fit the same. Highly recommend and for the price, it is a must have!


The only reason I would have not given it 5 stars is because it's not ideally machine washable and dry-able.  But I'll throw it in my delicate cycle and lay flat to dry. This dress is made from great material so I still gave it 5 stars! Hits just above the knees but isn't gross short. Worn with spanx underneath it's perfect for twirling! Looks great with a shrug.


I bought this a few months ago and have gotten many compliments of the dress. The dress is perfec in every way. However, $30 does seem a bit too much but that didn’t stop me from buying it. Material is nice for the price and I recommend it to everyone. I would suggest try finding a dress similar to this in stores but if you can’t then this dress is the right one!!!


This dress is gorgeous. I feel absolutely beautiful while wearing it. The sizing chart was accurate and it arrived in a timely manner. I will most likely be buying more dresses similar to this one soon!


It fit exactly how I was hoping! I'm 5'2ish size 8 and the dress fit just below the knee. The quality is great, it's thick and flares some. I needed a dress for a wedding and it's hard for me to go shopping because I have 4 little ones and trying on clothes with them is not easy, so I was really hoping this dress would work - and it does!! So classy and a great black dress that is so versatile!! I can't wait to find shoes and accessories to go with it!


Dress was amazing! To be on the safe side I ordered a 3x I’m about 5.5 259 and it was a little spacey, I could’ve  gotten away with a 2x. Overall amazing dress


