I ordered three of these, one red, the blue polka dot, and the white and black floral. I only tried on the floral one so far but I love it!!! The only thing I'll have to fix is the part that goes around the neck is a bit loose. None of them came with a belt and none of them had the tulle underneath but besides those issues I still love the dress!


Purchased for my daughter to wear in a wedding. Stretchy material and looked cute!


I've been looking for something really worth-while and this was my final choice. I have even got some glances of approval from strangers :)


The only thing that it can be crumpled easily when you are sitting, though it's not very noticeable.


So, good luck !


So, it is beautiful. Beautiful fabric, beautiful color, everything is beautiful.


My stats:


Height 5'8"


Weight 170lbs


Chest 41" or 36H and high bust is 39"


Waist 33"


Hips 40"


I was professionally measured, so I know my stuff is right. This dress was just a bit too big. I am one of those people that has to shop for my boobs, and not my whole body, so it is understandable that it is too big. I am an hourglass shape, and I bought a 2XL. According to the size chart, a 2XL would fit a 41.5" bust. When shopping for a dress online, it is important to know your measurement, and not your size. Even so, I think with this kind of dress, it has some play in the fabric and you can get away with some stuff. The fabric is not super-see through. In the photos I am wearing a bright floral bra and neon underwear. When you press the fabric up close, you can kind of see but I never wear a dress without a slip underneath anyways. You could totally get away with all nude colored underwear though and be just fine. I will definitely buy again, but maybe an XL. I am a good seamstress, so I'll just take in a few places and be just fine. Being 5'8" you expect stuff to be short, but this came to below my knees in the very flattering way these retro dresses are supposed to. If you're short, you might have to have this hemmed in order to get it to that length. The belt that came with it was cute, but SUPER long. I will make adjustments to it as well. All in all, for what I paid for this dress, it is a steal and totally worth the little bit of effort I have to put into it in order to make it work for my body.


I'm 5'5, weigh about 264. Carry my weight in my mid-section. I ordered a 4x and it was too big so I sent it back and got the 3x which fits me perfectly!


I got many compliments on the dress from men and women. It's a beautiful and lightweight dress. I've already ordered another dress in a different design.


I absolutely loved this dress! When I first saw it online I definitely had a "wow" moment and it only intensified to amazing levels once I tried it on at home for the first time... Beautiful colors and the right length to show off some leg. I ordered the XL and it fit perfectly! Great, great dress :)


I got the red dress. The quality is ok, not terrific but not bad. The zipper is ok. I'm 5'7, 138 p, 34d. Got size medium. It fits great in the chest area, but the waist is a little bit loose which is totally fine because I can use the belt. My belt. Because the announced belt is missing, I got the only dress unfortunately. The skirt looks way better than I expected. It's a big plus for a vintage dress because it shows the style.


I'm absolutely in love with this dress! It will be perfect for my son's high school graduation this year and summer weddings! So glad I found it!


Looks great! I usually wear a 00 or 0 petite, and the XS fit wonderfully. I'm 5'1" and 103 lbs. I did add a small cap sleeve demi t-shirt underneath to give the shoulders a bit more coverage, and also ordered a black petticoat to make the skirt fuller. Definitely needed the slip to complete the outfit.


Absolutely beautiful dress! I love the colors, they are so vibrant and wonderful.


The fabric is nice and thick, so you don't need to worry about anything showing. I wore a petticoat underneath to fluff it up a bit for a 50's party and it was great


