I couldn't be happier with this dress! The material and sewing are good quality. It came with a velvet covered belt that matched perfectly! The design and color are exactly as shown. And it flares out without needing the under skirt. I will be getting more of these dresses.


I love these dresses and own five or so in my wardrobe. These are nice any season to throw on and still look very put together overall. They are very nice on my frame and run pretty true to size


I knew I'd have to alter to fit this dancers body time, so the somewhat large was not unexpected . Much better made than I expected, serged seams, finished facings, even hook and eye! Dancer loves it and declared she would wear it to church .


Couldn't believe the fit! It's perfect. I ordered my regular xxlarge and it fits just right. Not cotton at all, made in China, but it has a nice sheen to it, I can't wait to wear it Easter! Maybe a little long for me, but I'm old and 4'10"!


Love love love this dress! I got married in it. You need a petticoat though to really make it look right. It gives it a better fullness.


It was not made clear that this dress is actually for someone petite. So while the size fitted perfectly, the waist was up too high, just below my rib cage. and I'm only 5'5".  I gave it to a much shorter relative whom it fits perfectly, waist on waist. So I was extreme;y disappointed because I love polka dots, and loved this design.


I really loved the dress; unfortunately it was a bit tight for me. I normally wear a 24/26 in dresses and this did zip up, and I could sit in it, but the belt wouldn't go around my waist. I do recommend it though because it is a beautiful dress at the perfect tea-length, and a pretty decent price! GET A PETTICOAT to go underneath because it makes ALL the difference in fit!


Love it, will be wearing to a wedding. As it is a retro style dress it requires someone else to zip up the back, it is supposed to feel a little tight. It comes wrinkled however so do not plan on wearing it right out of the package :)


I was skeptical about this dress, given the great price. I've ordered "inexpensive" cloths online only to have them fit strange, too small or bad quality.  This dress is made of a nice, thick cotton material with a little stretch. Length sits at my knees, I am 5'7.  I used the Grace Karin size chart (31 bust & 29 waist). Ordered a small and it fits perfectly..with the help of a padded bra. The belt is nice too, just didn't wear it in pictures.


GREAT DRESS! So pretty and fit like a glove. I am 5'3", 34D, 155 lbs...I bought a large and it hugs all the right places! For this price, you are getting a really well made dress with great quality cotton material! I will be back buying more styles soon!


