Cute dress. I am 5'4 and if medium build and this fit perfect! It's a happy looking dress !!!!


The dress is a little shorter than I anticipated. I'm 5'7" and it hit the top of my knee.


I absolutely love this dress! It's so fun. I wore it for my unconventional wedding. :) The chest area was a little baggy, but nothing that a little hemming can't fix. I will definitely purchase more in the future!


Love love love. Bought in different styles.


This dress is so beautiful! I wore this to a formal event with a crinoline underneath and a black long sleeved shrug for warmth. I received so many compliments!  The people in my party told me just as many people walked by and commented they loved my dress without actually walking up and saying it to me. I would definitely wear this again without the crinoline and a pair of black flats out to dinner. The dress was hit, I felt beautiful and best of all I can wear it dressed up or dressed down.  I would definately buy this again. I am 5'7' about 115 lbs. this dress fit as expected, but was tight around my chest (I wear a C cup). The length is just below my knees.


Bought this for my 13 year old daughter for her Christmas dress. Perfect. Modest and pretty. She is petite and normally a child Large or an adult small. I ordered an extra small and it is perfect. Well I do have to alter the bust just slightly. The dress is cut for a woman and she is not quite there yet. There are seams and I feel confident that I can tuck it without issue and I am NOT s seamstress! I will buy another dress for her in this style. It’s cute and timeless.


It's a great fit! I got it in plain black, but I plan on buying at least one more in one of the many fabulous patterns available. I started ordering an XL because I went with my largest measurement, even though it may be too large in the bust, which I don't recommend doing. I ended up returning it and getting a large and I'm very pleased with the fit. I didn't buy a petticoat, which it looks good without, but I'm thinking about buying one for the fun of it. I mean the dress has great twirl.


I wear a size 14. My bra size is 40 ddd the dress fit like a glove. Comfortable to wear.


I was hesitant when ordering. I'm 5'2", 120lbs, with a 36" bust and a 26" waist. I have a hard time finding clothes that fit me just right. This dress is perfect. It's modest and beautiful, and captures a very classic look. I would prefer it to be shorter in length, but that's an easy adjustment any seamstress can do! Definitely buying more!


Love it!


