This. Is. The. Cutest. Dress. Ever.


Seriously, I LOVE this dress!!! I get multiple compliments every time I wear it. I am 5'4", approx 125 lbs and I ordered a M because I was afraid S would be too small, but I wish I had gone with the S. M still fits fine and looks great but I could have used a S! Highly recommend this dress!!


Absolutely loved this dress...Got many compliments, wore to a banquet...this dress has plenty of flare but can also be worn with a petticoat for extra flare!


Love this dress and get compliments!! material is very nice, firm but soft. Well made, holds up in the wash. Can dress it up or down with a cardigan and flats.


Fit is perfect!


Great dress!  Perfect for 50s themed party. However, mine did not come with a belt as advertised. I am hoping that the seller will rectify this issue.  Otherwise, perfect!  I wear a size 12 usually and the XL fit without being tight at all.


We opted to go with the slightly larger size as my daughter would wearing this to a Swing Dance and wanted to be able to breath and move.  It wasn't too big and fit quite comfortably.  She paired it with a black petticoat and looked fantastic.  Very pleased with the overall quality of the fabric and construction.  Great quality for the price, which I felt was quite reasonable for the dress.  I liked that it was a recognizable brand, came directly via Amazon and got to us very quickly.


This dress is marvelous!  The fabric has a bit of stretch and I did add a couple of darts to the top to perfect the fit. I get compliments every time I put it on!  Incredible price.  :D


I saw this dress price jumped by $20 within a few weeks. I was saving it to order for a bridal shower and was waiting until I got paid. That part was crap since it was 10.88 previously and I paid over 30. The fabric is thin but the print is very pretty.


Beautiful dress. I got alot of compliments from it. I will buy more again in different colors.  I would love to recommend. Thanks seller for such a great product.


I was searching high and low for a simple vintage inspired dress like this from all the major retailers. So thankful that in the eleventh hour I found this dress! Came just as expected, fit as expected, and I am in love. Will definitely be ordering more. Don't forget to order the petticoat for the full effect that you see in the picture and on the model. I will also need to modify the belt a bit to keep the extra bit that flaps out tucked in, but not hard to do.


5'11, 260-265 lbs. I ordered the 3XL and it fits perfectly! Nice soft, thick material. Now I'm just waiting on my petticoat to wear the crap out of  this dress. It's both beautiful and classy!


