There is no dress more fun to twirl around and dance in than this one. I own it in two different patterns and plan on getting more for future events. It's easy to use for both casual and formal occasions. I wore a black one to prom, and wore another to an afternoon party. They're so comfortable and make me feel confident in my own skin.


As a side not, I especially appreciate that the zipper goes all the way past the waist and hips, because I am curvy and it makes it WAY easier to get in and out of.


The only complaint I would have is only a regular part of internet shopping. It's hard to guess size. My only advice is, go with your gut. I ordered a large the first time, went down to a medium, and could now probably go down to a small if I wanted. I ordered large, but I am typically a small in other clothing and it appears I would be here, too. The good thing is, it comes with a belt that makes any over-sized problems easy to disguise.


Overall, I've never been happier with a purchase on Amazon.


I never wear pattern dresses, but I am so happy I decided to buy this one. The print is big, but it seems like it is very versatile. I wore this dress to a formal Kentucky Derby Party, big hat and all, and did not feel even the least bit out of place. In fact, this was one of the few times in my life that I was complimented on my attire. I felt equally comfortable wearing this dress to school, a garden party, and a night at the theatre. It is so adaptable with minimal or changes to the accessories.


So on to the real details. I added a 26 inch crinoline under this dress to flare the skirt. Without the crinoline, the skirt just looks sad and not like the pictures at all. I am 5'8 and about 190 pounds. Using the measurements table the seller provided I found I should order a 3X. When it got here and I try it on, the lower half fit alright, not perfect by any standard but very serviceable. The bust was a totally different story. For reference I wear a 38 DDD brazier and I found the top way too loose. I managed to improve the fit by taking some length out of the shoulders and that helped tremendously, but it was still loose. Since I love the dress, I plan on taking it to a tailor to have it properly fitted. Once that is done, I look forward to wearing it to garden parties, nights at the Opera, and any other event I feel like taking it to.


Also, I found the provided belt to be sharp and unpleasant to wear. Instead I used a satin ribbon (in red for the Derby, navy for school and the garden, and black for the theatre) which worked out much better.


This dress is incredible! The fabric is a sateen finish, not cotton, so totally appropriate for the awards banquet for my company. I purchased a petticoat to go with, and got so many compliments throughout the night. I plan to purchase a few more patterns. I used my own belt (not the one provided) so I can’t speak for the quality of the belt, but I foresee this dress lasting for quite a while!


I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS DRESS! I will definitely order more in the future (I ordered 2 based on the positive reviews). I ordered a medium and it fit great! I followed the size chart. I'm 145lbs and 5'9 and it falls right below my knees. It's a kind of stretchy cotton blend. I love the pattern and the sewing quality is great! I sew, so I was impressed with the quality for the cost. Can't wait to wear this to an upcoming wedding! It looks even more beautiful with the petticoat (the photo is without). I haven't washed it yet, but I will likely air dry to keep the wear and tear down.


Absolutely LOVE this dress. I got so many compliments today at church (Mother's Day 2017.) The fit is amazing, I am 5'1.5" and I got a medium. Because it is a full skirt, I recommend getting the size closest to your bust/top. I am also wearing the black petticoat this seller offers. I have purchased 5 of these dress so far. Hope this helps. Xoxo


One word of warning: This dress was at least 2 or 3 inches larger than I had expected.  It could be that this dress runs a little on the large side, it could also be that I'm finally losing weight (Yeah!), but either way, I unfortunately had to return this dress.


That said, I will tell you this much: The material is comfortable and breathable and good quality, the cut is very flattering, and the pattern is even prettier in person.  Unfortunately, I had to return the original dress I bought,  but I will be ordering it again in a smaller size later this week.


If you're looking for something elegant and that is easy to dress up or dress down, this is the dress for you.


I wanted something cute but modest for my college graduation to go with a pair of black Mary Jane heels- think Sunday brunch, Easter aesthetics- but also something that I would want to wear for other events after graduation. I originally wanted a skirt but I found this dress linked from a related item, perhaps by the same company, and fell in love.


As a plus sized woman ordering a 30 dollar dress from Amazon, I didn't have very high hopes for this dress but it's a really great find! The material is a light cotton, the coloring is very pretty, and the black belt is a nice touch although I may end up purchasing my own of a shinier finish to match my shoes. For reference, I wear anywhere from a 2-4x, 22-26 depending on the article of clothing and generally clock in at a 44DDD. I didn't have a tape measure on hand so I decided to play it safe and order a 4x which ended up being perfect! There's a bit of gaping around the arm and head holes but it fits well around my stomach and accommodates the pettycoat nicely! Overall I love it and will probably be purchasing a darker color one in the future.


Shipping was incredibly fast and everything was nicely packaged. My only concern is what will happen when I wash it but I will update on that when I get to that point.


Provided pictures are without belt+with pettycoat, belt+pettycoat, and belt+without pettycoat


This dress is so, so beautiful and for the PRICE! Wow! This is such a great option for any woman wanting to look lovely at a nice, summery event. I've always loved vintage clothing and this truly wore like it. I wore this dress to a wedding in June with black heels, and got constant compliments! I am 5'7" and about 170lbs, and bought the size XL in Floral-01, which is really just the blue dress with black belt and white polka dots. It fit like a glove. I didn't feel the need to add anything underneath the skirt, as it lay nicely without any additional fluff.


PROS


Beautiful vintage style


Extremely affordable


Modest but very attractive


Fit as advised and very nicely


Seems well-made and held up nicely at the wedding I wore it to


CONS


The belt gave off a gross odor at first, like really chemically. But after airing it out for a few days, the odor left and the belt worked perfectly.


I have now purchased two dresses of the same style, and both of them leaving me feeling like a movie star. They fit snugly up top and flare out perfectly at the bottom. For more flare, I do recommend a petticoat, although the tulle one I purchased definitely did make the dress quite large! If you're at all worried about ordering this dress, don't be. You'll be so glad you did! For reference, I am 5'11", 203lbs, and ordered an XL as that's my usual size. This fits great! I also wash and dry on regular settings and iron on low, and the dress still fits perfectly.


I absolutely love the style of the dress and everything about it. when I first got it, the fabric felt very nice. thick. However the fit is all wrong on me. I wear a size 14 pants and go between a large or extra large shirt depending. I have a small chest and a round belly. I bought an extra large because of my stomach. it was way too loose on the the top, I figure due to my small chest however I did not like how the top fit anyways so I will be returning. I also did not like how long it was. I'm 5 foot 4 and it just felt a little too long. I felt like the dress was wearing me.


