Cute dress, it was perfect for a 50's dance with a crinoline petticoat underneath! Pretty good workmanship for the price.


My daughter lookes lovely in this dress.  It fit her beautifully.  She got so many compliments on it.  I have had several people ask me where we got it.  The fabric is so nice and it is really well made.  We will be purchasing from this company again.


This dress is great and my daughter loved it.  I bought it for a 50's theme choir program instead of purchasing a poodle skirt.  I purchased an adult XS.  She is very tall for her age (11 yrs 5'5 almost 5'6) - she has long legs and a long waist.  I was very pleased with how the dress fit up top around her arms and chest.  No gaping at all.  Very pleased with this purchase.  The material is a good quality as well for the price.  My daughter wants more patterns/colors in this dress.


Perfectly fitted. It does attract all varieties of lint but that's an easy fix with a lint roller. I can't wait for the to go on special again so I buy in other colors and patterns. Oh, the belt is crap, a nice wide belt looks amazing.


It came fast.! I looove the pattern and how it fits. My only issue is by the chest area, it's kinda see through. That's literally my only complaint. I wish the material by the chest had another piece of material attached so I wouldn't have to wear a tank under neath or black sports bra to hide that it's kinda see through. The XS fits perfectly. I'm naturally a size 1. I'm 5'3" 103lbs with a smaller chest.


I ordered this dress twice. The first dress was way too big so I went down a size. Sadly, the second dress was still too big in the shoulders. From the chest down it fits perfect, but the shoulder area is obviously too lose. A real shame as I had planned to wear this to a work holiday party tonight and I don’t think it’s going to work out. Beautiful dress, but for me Id need to size down 3 sizes compared to my normal size.


I wore this to a wedding and received SO many compliments, super comfortable and hides the spots you just don't want seen. It came flat and folded in packaging so once I took it out I was pleasantly surprised how instantly fluffy and thick the material was. I did not wear a petty coat and it still had plenty of volume on the bottom. I am pretty short (as in under 5'), larger chest, and a L fit great.  Worth the price!


I love this dress got it early this morning before work and had to strip off my work clothes to try it on. Very good material fits great in the bust. I'm a size small with tiny chest so lady's that have more in the chest area might have to go up. But it does have stretch. Just wished it wasn't so wrinkled but a low iron will straighten that out. Packaging was so so no certificate but came in designer labeled plastic bag. Belt is big but can be cut to your size and liking or replaced. Love it!!


The dress is great and I love the material. I followed what other customers suggestion was for size ordering but the bust was still tight. No worries though because I plan on getting in it easily in the next few months! I would buy from this seller again!


This dress is fabulous! I bought it to wear to a wedding and got multiple compliments. It fits great (I got a small. I'm 5'1" and about 117 lbs, 34A in the bust). It was just longer than knee length, but not much. I did wear a crinoline underneath which really helped fill it out, but it looks cute without, too. It was a great choice! I may buy another.


