I ordered this dress to wear to a party.  I purchased a black petticoat half slip to go with it to add extra fullness.  For an inexpensive dress, I was very impressed with the quality of the fabric.  It is a little thicker cotton and has a nice sheen to it, kind of a sateen look.  It looks like a much more expensive dress and is well made.  The only flaw I noticed is a little unevenness in the hem line where one side seam is. With the fullness of the skirt though, it is not noticeable. The style is very flattering on my 5'4" figure. The skirt hits at about knee length and allows just a peek of the petticoat underneath.  The belt had enough holes to still fit a small waist size.  It looks great with a cropped black cardigan. The wrinkles from being packaged and shipped ironed out easily and very nicely.


What a beautiful dress.  Get our your measuring tape to make sure you get the right fit -- but it's worth the time.  I'm a very busty woman and this dress looked terrific on me.  The lemon pattern is whimsical and elegant -- I'll be buying more of this very affordable dress.  I did buy a crinoline to go with it but left it at home (maybe next time) -- A wonderful deal (I only wish more patterns were available in my size!)


This fits perfectly if you follow the size chart. The material is the right balance of thick enough to not be sheer without being too heavy, tried it on the first time wearing black undergarments and nothing showed. Fabric has a slight stretch to it, so it's comfortable to move and sit while wearing. It moves so beautifully when I twirl! I haven't received my crinoline yet to wear with it, but look forward to wearing this dress for Easter!


This is a very attractive dress on a larger person, like myself. I liked it with and without the petticoat underneath, but did prefer the fullness the petticoat provided. The material is a perfect weight - thick enough to know it is well made, but thin enough to avoid overheating in the dress. I'm pairing it with black flats and it looks just as good as all the reviewer pics with heels. Overall very pleased with this dress!


I love this dress (size 3x)! I typically wear a 2x-3x/20w. I am also wearing a petticoat underneath which I also purchased from Amazon.  I am a 40 F bra size and the dress fit perfect. I received many compliments. I will be purchasing at least 2 more.


The dress is cute...but I intended to use it on an actress for a play who is 5'6" and it was WAY short on her for 1950s.  Well above her knee.  Ended up using it on a different actress who is only 5'0", and it was still an inch or two shorter than it should have been, but it worked okay. It more or less covered her knee.  I ordered three of these 50s style dresses on Amazon, and the other two were a full 4" longer than this one.  The skirt looks longer in the picture than it actually is.


This dress was made very well with excellent quality fabric. I wish I could keep it to wear for Easter, but the bust portion of the dress is disproportional to the rest of the dress. I was very disappointed and couldn't possibly disguise the largeness with pins. For a dress to be too large in the bust for me is a little unbelievable. I'm proportionally large chested, but it was about 2 sizes too large in the top. I may try ordering a size down, but then I think I will run into problems with the dress fitting the right way everywhere else.


Amazing dress. Loved the Colour and the pink rose all over the dress makes it so pretty . Wore this for a family photo shoot and the pictures came out very vibrant . Wore this again for a birthday party and received many compliments. The fit was perfect and completely satisfied. Going to buy more in other Colours and patterns . Great buy !


It's adorable and, since it's fitted to your waist, makes you look slim and beautiful. The dress can be worn without a petticoat, but adding in one gives the dress a full flair that compliments the style. Before you order make sure to check the sizes in the description. Everyone says the sizes run small, which may be the case, but when I ordered a size up I ended up with a dress that was a little too big. Still, the return is free and the dress is well worth a bit of trial and error. I'll definitely be getting more of the designs in the future!


I ordered a small and this dress fits perfectly! Very good material too.


