Very flattering. I plan to buy more designs this summer. I did switch out the belt to a wider one, suited me better. I am a size 12, not as curvy as I was before kids, but this gave me back some curves.


It's perfect and appropriate anywhere. Fits as expected and great material. No see through either. It's worth the money. :-) I'm happy you will be too. I also got a short petticoat and it changes the look but depends on what you are wearing this dress for. It is simply vintage yet universal.


This is such a cute dress I love it the sizing is pretty accurate maybe just a tad bit smaller than advertised but overall awesome comfy fit. I'll definitely be buying pretty much every print. I can't wait to pair it with a petticoat to make it really pop


Beautiful dress.


But the XL chest area was too small for my bust (36H) with this style.


This material does not have much give.


I also purchased the ACEVOG Women Audrey Hepburn Sleeveless 1950s Vintage Rockabilly Dress


In a size XL fit and it my bust.


Easy return and fast refund.


I am in love with this dress!! I am very tall but very lean, so it's hard for me to find dresses that fit my figure and still have length. Usually a dress tight enough around my waist is too short for my taste. This dress is just above the knee and fits very well. It is a tie big roomy around my waist but the belt helps. It's very comfortable and classy! I was so thrilled with the quality too. I can't stress enough how much I've struggled to find a dress that fits like this, is tatesul and nice quality! I'm going to get one in every color!


I just had to drop a review on this dress!! I am in love with the pattern ,and the fabric of this dress.The length fits me perfectly and so does the dress as a whole. I am 4^11 and weight 153lbs currently and I got a size large .Because of kidney and liver issues my belly tends to stay a somewhat extended .However it is flattering there as well. My mom is in pressed and I'm sure i will get a lot a compliments from this dress.Will be buying more


Purchased for my moms  birthday, fit her perfectly and she fell in love with the dress. So much so she didn't want to wear it to eat for fear she would spill food on it. Order a size up like others suggested


The fit was ok but the top part of dress was a little large. I have a smaller waistline bust is 38D. The color is awesome! The material is very nice and not too thick. It's doable but could be better.


I fell in love with this style dress. Its figure flattering. Poofed perfectly well. Length is perfect, hit right above the knee. Perfect for work. Great, thick material. Pretty stretchy. For reference: 5'2, 34DD, 35in waist, 47in hips and bought XL in the purple roses and the blue roses and an all black one. Love it! Definitely recommend 100%.


I ordered 4 of these adorable dresses and just couldn't believe, one after the other, how well made they were and tailored for the small price I paid! I am officially a Grace Karin fan!! They were packaged nicely too! I am 5'7, 169lbs and the large fit me as though someone made it for me. I bought the petticoat but you could really wear it with or without, it just adds an extra layer if fun. These dresses can also be dresses up with heels or worn with chucks, your call, but definitely versatile!!. Love love love!!


