This dress is beautiful! I wore it to a summer wedding and got several compliments on it. I did not wear the belt because it was a bit flimsy and wouldn't stay where it was supposed to - it looks fine without it. I did purchase the petticoat on the advice of the other reviewers and it really makes this dress so much cuter! Was very comfortable and true to size. The fabric is not very forgiving though, so make sure you look at the size chart and what others have suggested.


For reference, I bought an XL and it fit fine - I'm 5'3", 175lbs, 38C


Simply Fabulous!!! True to size! I am 5' 7" tall 38D chest 32" waist 38 40" bottom. Size Large fit perfect!!! I have 3 of these dresses in different colors and just ordered a fourth. I always wear a crinoline skirt with these dresses and I feel like smiling all day.


If a dress can make you happy just by putting it on, life is too short not to buy it! Especially at this price. I am handicapped by M.S. and this dress maker has made me want to get out of bed and go outside!!!


I love this dress! It is very flattering, and the fabric feels great. I have it in two colors, the black floral and the black polka dots. The floral is a thick satin with a teensy bit of stretch. The belt is of medium-quality. I was happy to see that the belt was not platicy-looking; it has a velvet-like appearance. The belt will definitely show signs of wear soon (because I have been wearing it with another dress that I wear very frequently).


The polka dot dress is of a different fabric, a moderately stretchy twill. It is very comfortable and sturdy. The fit is the same in both prints.


This dress is a perfect "in between" dress that can be paired with flats and a cardigan for daytime or with some glitzy jewelry and heels for a night out. I get plenty of compliments on it every time I wear it. It looks nice with or without a petticoat.


pros: fits perfect. I have a short torso, and the waistline sits right at my natural waist, the armholes are not too large (a problem I tend to have), print is vibrant, fabric feels lovely and has a nice sheen.


cons: belt will show wear before dress does, fabric snags easily


Zipper broke before she could ever wear it out of the house!!!!!


I bought this dress for the Kentucky Derby. It arrived right on time and fit perfectly. I bought the black tutu skirt to go underneath,  and it was perfect.


I purchased this dress for a rehearsal dinner, and I got so many compliments! I bought the lemon print in large. I just had a baby so I'm a little bigger than my usual size 8/10...but the material has some stretch which is great and flares at the waist for a very flattering silhouette. The material is slightly see through, so I just wore a white cami underneath and it was perfect! You can't beat the price!


I normally don't order clothes online, especially from sites like Amazon where there's no physical store incase of returns but THIS DRESS IS PERFECT.


I'm 180lbs, 5'7" and a size A cup and a large fit so well. The chest was a little big, but nothing super noticeable and should fill out with a push up. The dress hit just above my knee and the body was slimming without being tight.


I don't plan on wearing a petticoat under this as I think it has nice body with the skirt without it, but I could definitely see wearing one to make the bottom flare more. It's a nice weighted material that is thick enough that you aren't worried that the white will be see through nor will the skirt just blow up in the wind.


Definitely buying more of this style. I received so many compliments on the color and fit!


It is marked as dry clean only though, which is kind of a bummer. I might try handwashing it since I don't plan on getting it too dirty, but even still, it's worth the buy!


Love this dress so much!  I ordered the medium blue dress with white polka dots. This dress is so amazing and has just a tiny bit of stretch. It's so flattering and I instantly felt so beautiful and feminine when I put it on. I can't wait to find a place where I can wear it. I'm about 5'5" 1/2, weigh about 140, 34-36 bust and have a 27-28 waist. This dress is really a staple that any woman should have in their closet. I also purchased an off white tutu to fill the shirt out more. I purchased both the skirt and tutu from the same vendor. I had no issues with the belt either and it fit perfectly as well. It didn't swallow me whole like some complained, so make sure you purchase from the authorized vendor listed in the details. If you are considering purchasing one of these dresses, you will not be disappointed!! I'm in love and so pleased. This dress is also perfect for dressing up with heels or down with sandals and tennis shoes like Keds. I have the perfect floppy hat to go with this dress and I'm so excited to find a place to wear them to.  I now realize the fuss about these dresses and why they have never gone out of style. It's such a classic style and will always be relevant to any trend or generation. There are some things that never go out of style and this is one of them. For the price, you can't beat this!  It's so hard to find a nice dress that's not outrageously priced. I'm done shopping at the mall, Garce Karin has a new customer for life!


This is an absolutely gorgeous dress. It transforms you in a minute. As a hard working woman, dressing up becomes very hectic and too much to handle. But with this dress that is very easy to wear with minimal ironing, I feel very elegant and confident. It reminds me that I am a lady and makes me feel beautiful and radiant. I have been receiving tons of compliments for it. I have tried it with a black and a red belt and they both compliment the dress beautifully. The fit is very flattering. I wear a size 18W and XXL is very convenient. I think it can also fit someone who wears a size 20 or 22 because there is still some room especially around the waist. Please do not hesitate to buy this dress. The material is not cheap at all and the colors are vibrant. I absolutely love myself more in it!!


Vintage style for a reasonable price! I was surprised by how well this dress fit and the high quality considering the low price point.  It has a retro vibe without being too costume-y and I got several compliments when I wore it to work.  It fit true to size for me (though you might want to go up a size if you're very busty) and was quite comfortable. I'm quite pleased with my purchase!


