Stunning dress! It's one of the most flattering retro-style dresses I've gotten lately, largely due to the modest neckline and perfectly contoured bust seams. As someone who is on the bustier side, it can be hard to find a dress that doesn't leave the girls squished or hanging out. The seams contoured the dress perfectly for date night, while still being modest enough for church or work. Very versatile dress! I'm looking forward to getting more colors.


Very pretty color and pattern. Got los of compliments at a summer wedding. Flattering cut for bigger sizes. Dress hd some small discolorations, but not too noticeable. Also a bit big on top, so will have to have it taken in a smidge.


It's a beautiful dress. The XL was a little tight across the chest for me. I love the skirt and it looks fantastic with a petticoat underneath... I paired with a burgundy one. Unfortunately I have a long torso and the waist is a bit too high for me.


way too big but after sewing it up with a few alterations it fit me beautifully!  I'm pear shaped, 5'9 and 250lbs and the dress hit me just above the knees.  i had many compliments on it!


Oh my gosh,  I love, love this dress! It is so stinking cute! I wore it today for the first time and received compliments all day! I couldn't resist twirling a few times.  ' This is the third dress I have purchased from this buyer and love them all. They are so very feminine.  I am almost 6 feet tall and the fit is perfect!


Love the retro look but had to send it back, the dress ran too small. Had a couple of friends tell me they had the same problem with it. It did no good to buy a larger size, this dress must have been made for little girls.


As it was the first time purchasing from this brand I decided to order one size up and as a result it's a bit roomy. But the dress is beautiful! Even with the extra room it fit nicely. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality which was really good. An excellent dress at a great price!


This is a beautiful dress for so many uses. I love the stretch on the bodice. The color is beautiful and so versatile. I like mine with cinch belts or a narrow leather belt. Looks great with both low & high pumps. Great Dress. I bought a sweater that only comes down to the waist and it is perfect.


This dress is gorgeous! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is it was shinier than I expected but because it is so darn cute I kept it. I like to wear my 50's era dresses to church. These dresses make me feel like such a lady. FYI men like to open doors for me when I wear these style dresses. I am not kidding. I think they flatter them. My husband was like wow! That is a really nice dress. Not even kidding.


The dress looked as pictured but the material was very stiff and was not very flattering on my body. I ended up returning the item. It may be a good dress for someone but not I!


