Great dress for the price!  I'm usually between a M and L and sized up to a L.  I didn't wear a crinoline underneath.  I felt like it was twirly enough on its own.  Paired with a cropped cardigan and statement necklace and it was perfect for a wedding.  I'm planning to get another!


Love it! Fits perfectly! Beautiful. I also bought the petticoat, but I'm not really sure it needed it. It's pretty flouncy without it!


Read all of the reviews,  followed the size chart provided by seller I'm 5'9"" 39 1/2" chest I purchased the XL fits perfectly.  Dress is cute I expected the fabric to be softer. Has a handmade  look about it.  I tried it on at work everyone thought it was great.


I loved the dress and it fit perfectly. I got so many compliments on it as well. However my main and only complaint and why I give it a 2 is because of the smell. When I got the dress I took it out of the package hung it up quickly and left. When I got home my room stunk so bad of marijuana. Yes Marijuana!!! I smelt the dress and my god it was awful. I had to wash it immediately so I could wear it. I would have exchanged it but I needed it the next day. It was a brand new dress with tags on it and packaged perfectly.  Very disappointing


It's a beautiful dress but the material is not what I expected! Wrinkles too much! Other than than the sizing is perfect, color exactly as on the picture and I like the way it flares!


This dress seems to be made well, and the fabric is really nice.  From the reviews I read, I ordered a size larger than my normal, but when the dress arrived, it was way too big. In fact, I think I should re-order in a size smaller than my normal size. If I can get the fit right, I'm going to love this dress!


LI've this dress! I got so many compliments. Very  I did go a size up because I'm thick in the waist and I'm so glad I did. If you have a pear or hour glass shape I would go true to size. I wore a wider belt that I purchased separately thanks to the great reviews I read when making this purchase. It's a great value for the price. I looked like a million bucks!


It's beautiful but a little tight I have a big back and a small chest  but the next size would be too big I float between size 6-8 but I have to zipper it an slide it on over my head the material is very nice


This is my absolute favorite dress -  I now own it in two colors and I get compliments on it ALL THE TIME. I just love it. It is cool in the hot climate I live in but can be dressed up with a cardigan easily. I am 5.65 and it is tea length on me, which is utterly perfect.


Bought for daughter to wear in 50’s themed Daddy/daughter dance performance at recital. Looked cute, fit great and was comfortable!


