I absolutely love this dress! It made me feel so pretty and girly!!! I ordered the 2x plus just to make sure my breasts fit. I wear a 40F bra, a size 16/18, & XL in dresses. I’m about 225lbs and 5’4”. The 2x fit fine, it did have some gapping, but nothing too noticeable. I was able to put the dress on over my head without unzipping it. I feel the 1x plus would have been too tight on my breast area. I wore it with a petticoat and I felt great. I wore it to a tea at church.


Got it on time for when it was supposed to arrive and it is beautiful. Only things I noticed were that it was wrinkled and had a strong ink like odor when it arrived which was easily fixed with a wash. Other than that my only concern was the zipper and its handle, it is somewhat difficult to zip the dress up without assistance partially because they are small and hard to get a good reach for or grip on. I also fear because of this that if the zipper were to ever get caught or break I might end up stuck in the dress as well but so far everything is ok.


Wow wow wow. When I read the reviews for this dress I knew I had to buy it because all these people couldn't be wrong. I wear a 16 and i ordered my size and it fits me perfectly. I'm 5'4" and 38D bust. It reach right mid knee. I'll post a picture later but I had to review it before i forget. Get it now. I'm getting it in other colors.


I receive so many compliments when I wear this dress. The fabric is of good quality. The print is beautiful and fun. I did not wear it with the belt it came with, rather, I wore it with a polka dotted scarf tied around the waist and high heel ankle strap red shoes to complete the look.


What a great dress. Happy with the price and quality.


The dress is much prettier in person. It ran a little small, but we were able to process our return and order the next larger size. This was for my daughter who is ~5'1 and weighs 105.  We originally ordered a medium for her, but exchanged for a large.


Definately use the size chart to the left of the dress. The dress is very cute


I bought a small- I am 5 feet- it came about an inch below my knee- perfect.


The arm holes could be a little bigger- the fabric is stiff & slight rubbing occurs on me.


This dress fit me so perfectly, that I ended up getting several.  The quality was really good, and I wear with a crinoline.  I'm 5'4" and 120 lb.  The waist was about an 1 inch above my natural waist, which I prefer as it's very comfortable.  I get a lot of compliments on the dresses when I go out.  Perfect summer dress.


My only wish isto see this style in a soft knit fabric for winter (with 3/4 sleeves).


I am so happy I took a chance and made this purchase. I wasn’t expecting much for the price, but the fit is perfect. The fabric has a nice weight to it and has a nice stretch to it that helps in how it fits. It hits me in just the right spot at the waist and the flare of the skirt is so flattering. It’s just the right amount of retro without being costum-y. I’ll be wearing the rose pattern to a vineyard wedding. I am 5’8”, 135lbs, 32C,  athletic build and the small fits like a glove.


I will be buying this dress in other patterns and colors now that I know this brand fits and is made so well.


Despite the hand wash instructions it survives my washing machine and dryer just fine so far.


I ordered a large it fits my bust perfectly and it flares out just below the chest to such an extent that the upper body seems like the only part you have to pay attention to sizing. Originally I thought it wasn't very flattering but its comfortable so I've worn it to work and get lots of compliments on it.


I absolutely love the way this dress fits. I get compliments every time I wear it. The color is just as pictured and the polka dots are nice and understated. This is a comfy, classy dress that I wear to the office with some pearls and white sandals, with a white shirt-sleeved shrug to cover the top of my arms. There is some give to the material, and the skirt is very voluminous.I Highly recommend this dress!


