I ordered a 3X because I thought it would follow Asian sizing. As a size 18, that was way too big. Dress is super cute though, I ordered other sizes and colors and they look great!


Absolutely adorable and a great value. I have bought several items by this company and have been happy with everything I have received. Will need to wear a knee length petticoat underneath if you want it to look like it does in the picture.


This dress is so cute and flattering.  I normally wear a 12 and the XL fits perfectly.  The fabric is nice and the stitching seems quality.  This dress wil be perfect for the wedding I'm attending next month!


I took my measurements and looked at the sizing chart and ordered a large...and it arrived and is too big. Sigh. And I thought from the picture that this comes with a little belt but it didn't. On the plus side, the fabric was very soft. Returning it...


Absolutely love this dress! I dont think I've ever purchased clothes off Amazon so this was a new experience for me but with so many great reviews I thought- I can't go wrong! And m so glad :) Purchased the dress for easter (with a petticoat!) so haven't worn it yet, but I can't wait! I'm 5'8" and 145lbs, 34C and the top/neck seems like it could lay better, but for the price I am not complaining!


So beautiful and so many compliments on it.  Very solidly sewn with a good sturdy fabric!  Looks amazing with or without a Pettie coat!  Definitely an a must have dress for Spring and Summer!!


Great dress. I wore this with red sandles. Tons of compliments. Great quality! I ordered a medium. I am normally between a size four and six.


I absolutely loved this dress. For the price, I would say it was a heck of a deal. I expected this dress to be super cheap and thin. It was thick, heavy and absolutely wonderful. It is a timeless little black dress and I can't wait to wear it to many other functions.


I love, love, love this dress. The quality was great and I love the way it fits. I wore it to my 20 year high school reunion and got so many compliments on it. I ordered an XXL and an XL because the reviews said they fit small. I ended up wearing the XXL because the XL was pretty snug. I'm a size 14 pant size if that helps when you're ordering. I have a wider back than some, so keep that in mind and it was around my chest where it was really snug, and I don't have a large chest. I recommend the dress and would definitely order more.


Gorgeous fit. I'm a size 18 and this 2x fir perfectly. Very flattering on plus figure. Fabric is not too thin nor too thick, good quality of cut and stitching. There is something about the cut that makes it just very flattering. Love love love this dress.


