I'm 5'7" and about 205 with 38DDD. I usually wear a 16 dress size. Using the chart, I was between two sizes and ordered down to a 1x it fits perfectly! I couldn't be happier with it. Fits well and very flattering. I changed out the belt for a wider one because I prefer the way it looks but that has nothing to do with the dress itself. I want to order this in every color!


Well, I shouldn't have been so intimidated by the size chart. I'm a size 2 in dresses, but am a little busty (34DD) and don't have a really small waist, so I was worried because of the cut of this dress and ordered a M. I could have gotten away with a S. Still, it's a gorgeous dress and is surprisingly well made for the price. I plan to order more in other colors. What a fantastic purchase!


Perfectly. Beautiful. But please note:  dress needs extensive ironing.  I sent mine to dry cleaners for 4.99 and had it pressed.  Still!! So much worth the price.  Good quality fabric. Fits exactly like you think it will.  Using their size scale.  I got so many compliments.  Great purchase.


I'm a tomboy who HATES dresses. However, there are some occasions that call for a nice dress, and my closet didn't have any I liked, and the ones at all the major stores didn't have my taste at all. They were all either too immodest or very plain. When I found this dress online, I knew it would be perfect, and it pretty much was.


Overall, it fits perfectly, but beware if its a very windy day/place, because this dress will do the Marilyn Monroe dress flip unexpectedly. Or maybe that's just the tomboy in me who doesn't know how to wear a dress. It did also make me go back to my days as a little girl who loved wearing pretty dresses and playing princess.


I love this dress. This is my third dress from this designer. I am a 34F, 32 waist, and 44hips. And I ordered an XL. Fits perfectly. Bought a petticoat to flare the bottom.


I LOVE this dress. I ordered 2 more from the same brand after I received this one. Fits perfect and seems to be good quality. I'm 5'4" 135 and the Small was perfect.  The fabric is thick and smooth with a little stretch. Super cute with a petticoat but works without one as well. Very pleased


This dress is absolutely gorgeous, fits perfectly


This is a cute dress and will have you looking just like a ladybug. I ordered by their sizing chart and ordered the 4x. It was a little too big, especially at the top. I returned it and ordered a size 3x and it works much better. The belt is tiny, though, so I had to order a larger one. If not for that, I would have give it 5 stars.


This dress is amazing!! I needed an Easter dress and had my heart set on a lemon print. I ordered a medium in this dress because I am in between sizes and it was just a tad too big. I think a small would have fit my torso/bust better but I don't think the waist would have fit as comfortably. Thankfully the belt helps really trim in the shape so it doesn't look overly large. The material is good quality, comfy, and not see through at all. I would recommend triple checking your measurements before deciding on a size so you get the fit you prefer. I will definitely be buying this dress in more prints.


I absolutely love this dress! I purchased this dress for a Christmas party and received lots of compliments. I am a pretty consistent size 12, and the sizing chart matched up really well. The dress fit as expected and the material is great quality.


The only thing I don't love about it is that it is dry clean only. I'm not a dry clean type of lady, but for the price and quality of the dress I overlooked it this one time.


