I love this dress and get tons of compliments on it. Beautiful colors, Full swinging skirt, comfortable fit.


I wash it and dry it in the dryer. No need to iron if you get it out right away.


The fabric is a bit delicate and I have noticed a few pulled threads on the lap where my jewelry or other items caught it. When pulled it leaves a thin white line. This makes me sad, because I love everything else about this dress and would like to wear it for a long time.


WOW... I LOVE THIS DRESS. I took a risk ordering this online, but must say I was so pleasantly surprised. I also ordered the black cherry dress in small, but was disappointed that they did not both fit the same. The Black Cherry fit like an extra small and I couldn't zipper up half way. The White with Polka dots was also a small and fit perfect. The material is better than expected and a good weight. I got tons of compliments on the style of dress too. The belts are way to large! I am happy I decided to buy these. I may need to give the black dress away or something. Hope this helps you.


I don't know if I want to write a review!  They will sell too many and run out!!!! :)


This dress is uber flattering. The chest fits almost perfect (I have a very large chest and there is only minimal gaping).  Tapers in just below the chest (smallest point) and doesn't flair out. So flattering. Make sure you follow the measurements they give in their table - it's spot-on.


I will be buying another (different color) for the summer. Thanks for the great dress!!


Love this dress! I was nervous about the fit but it was as expected. I don't know my measurements so I guessed lol. I'm 5'5, 120 lbs, size 34B cup. I ordered the small and it was "almost* perfect, maybe an inch too wide on the waist. I ordered a 25 inch petticoat and was very glad I did. I don't normally like poofy skirts but this dress is incomplete without the petticoat.


I wore it to a wedding and was comfortable all day, even after hours of dancing. I also got compliments from almost every person I talked to! It was a hit and well worth the price. I want to order more colors!


Very pretty, nice material. A bit too big in the bust, but that happens when you aren't a perfect hourglass. Unfortunately, the belt was missing from the packaging. I can get a ribbon to use instead, but I didn't realize it was missing until I had had the dress for a while. It's for a wedding in July, so I hadn't looked for it specifically, but I couldn't have missed it in the packaging as it was just the dress in a bag and the blow up packing balloons. Oh well. It's still worth the money for the quality of the dress itself.


This dress is absolute perfection!!! I am soooo pleased!!! It fits like a glove!! I am 5'3, 130 lbs and I picked a medium. I will be purchasing more of these!! I feel so pretty!! Will be wearing this to my son's baptism.


I don't usually buy clothing online. However, this seller and product had quite a few great reviews from plus size women. When this arrived, I was skeptical about the material - I thought you would be able to see through the dress. But, it is not see-through, fits perfectly per the sizing chart. I wear a size 12 dress with a bust measurement: 36DD/38C. I bought size L. (Almost bought the XL out of paranoia.)


This dress is absolutely beautiful, perfectly priced and true to size.


I love it,except it's too big!  I usually wear a 3x-4x.  I'm 5'6", 260lbs.  I bought the 4x which is too big.  The 3x would probably be perfect!  The material, seams, etc are all very nice.  It seems very well made.  I have not laundered it yet (it says to dry clean).  Make sure you have a bra with slightly wider apart straps.


Update: I decided to exchange it for the 3X and it fits perfectly!  With a crinoline skirt it's fun and retro.  Without the crinoline I can wear it as a regular party dress!


I love this dress! it is so comfortable, flowy, breathable. I am 4'11 , 130lbs and I got a small. Fit as expected (probably a little longer than it is intended but that is always to be expected- still perfect). I wore it without a petticoat because I didnt want to get "lost" in it. It really is the style of dress that suits most figures. I have the post baby pouch and I didnt feel like it was sticking out at all. I plan on buying more in other other colors!


GORGEOUS! Love love love...Such beautiful colors, nice quality material, and the fit was on-point! I am 5'8" and wear a 16/18 - this fell just below my knee, and XXL fit very well overall. Highly recommend.


