I originally ordered the small based on many of the reviews. I failed to consider my large shoulder blades.The size small was too small for my build. I'm 5' 5" and 135  pounds. I immediately ordered the size medium. I returned it the next day and was able to received an instant refund. The medium is a perfect fit. This dress is so beautiful. The quality of the fabric is really nice. It's thick and soft. I ordered the white with black polk dots.The company, GK Queen, handle everything promptly and very professionally. I will be ordering several more dresses them.


I bought this dress for a party and it came very promptly. The dress was a fantastic fit, but the zipper seemed pretty flimsy. I'm afraid that this will definitely be a special occasion dress because I don't want to wear out the zipper. As for the belt that comes with it, it's very slim and nice, though I had to cut the end off because it was too long. It hangs and curls, which does not look good. But these are just nit-picky things. Overall I'm pretty satisfied with the look of the dress.


I purchased this dress for a wedding. After reading the reviews, I purchased a size larger than normal as I read many reviews that stated this dress fit a size larger. The material was durable. The zipper gave me some trouble, but it went up and down with ease. It came down past my knees, and being 6'2 that is important to me. The neckline has a slight sloop, but showed no cleavage which I really liked. This dress has to be ironed before wear. Mine came neatly folded, but was still very wrinkled. The only issue I had with this dress was that it was far too large for me in the bust. I am a 38 C, but I would have had to have DDD breasts in order to fill it out. While I probably could have worn a shawl to cover the lack of breast issue, I just decided that it wasn't worth it and decided to send it back.


I have gotten so many compliments on this dress - both from friend and strangers. Very comfortable, great quality for the price and so far one of my favorite dresses I've ever owned! I bought the same dress style in 3 different sizes because I have tried others in the past that ran super small- this one really fits as expected. I ordered a 2X, 3X and 4X. The 4X was much too big - I am about size 20. The 3X was almost perfect - maybe a tad big in the chest (I am pretty big-busted as well. The 2X was snug but also fit pretty well. if you are a size 20 but have a smaller chest I might recommend the 2X. what was great is the seller offered free returns so I returned the ones that didn't fit with NO HASSLE. I am definitely looking to purchase more colors in this same style.


I was looking for a dress to wear at Easter and wanted to tap into the floral trend.  This is the first dress I have ever purchased through Amazon, and I was a little skeptical - I was afraid I was going to be disappointed when it arrived (as I am very picky).  Wow . . . was I surprised!  This dress is way more beautiful in person!  The fabric is much nicer and heavier than expected (it does not look cheap) and unlike many dresses now ( and especially those in this price range) it is not see-thru at all and I will not need to wear a slip.  The print is gorgeous - you can't really tell from the photo but those are peonies on the fabric and the colors are very vibrant.  I can't wait to wear it!


I love it, great material, not sheer at all. Perfect length for me. It comes down to like my calves, covering my knees. Fit as expected. Arrived a month early. Belt that comes with it is high quality and strong, I'm pretty sure it can be used for jeans or shorts as well as the dress.


I got the black and white floral dress, and it is perfect for either a funeral or a garden party or a formal reception and it honestly would not look out of place at any event you can think of. It is formal, classy yet fun and comfortable.


Only criticism, it hangs rather limply on my body. The photo portrays it as volumous and flares off the body, but in reality it just hangs down. I had to purchase a petticoat to achieve the look the picture shows. However, with the petticoat the dress couldn't be more cute.


I cannot say enough about this dress! I am 5’7 190 with 36H bra size I ordered a 3xl and it was a little too large. I washed on very hot and dried on high. It shrunk to a good enough size and my next dress will be ordered in xl. I ordered this dress in plain black with the petticoat and I felt amazing! It was unfortunate that I needed it for a funeral because almost every woman there stopped to ask where I got it and complimented me. Nice heavy weight materiel and super stretchy! I love it so much


Drew was beautiful on my daughter for her orchestra concert. It was a stretchy material and based on reviews and sizing chart I figured there would have been a little more room but it was snug as soon as we got the zipper up. Fit ok though and she looked beautiful and received many complements. If running short on time, get two sizes to be sure on fit. Allow time to properly hang and steam to get wrinkles out. A quick toss in the dryer with a damp wash cloth helped a bit. I love this brand and will be returning again to buy the other designs.


Outstanding dress. Very beautiful and well made. Loved it so much I ordered the blue one also.


I adore this dress!!!! The pattern is adorable, and the construction is great. It’s the perfect length. It was jut a little big in the chest, but I adore it so much I’m going to have it tailored. I bought the 4xl in the lemon pattern. The belt is cute too, and is actually like a velvet texture on the outside. I paired this with the black petticoat from the same seller and it became an absolute knockout dress. Very cute on its own, but needs the petticoat for the intended volume.


