The dress definitely runs a little small but it does seem to be good quality material and is exactly what I was expecting! The waist is a little high but I prefer it that way. I would definitely recommend this dress to anyone who enjoys the retro look!


Oh my word!  This dress is amazing!  I have only worn it once out and about and that day I got so many compliments. I have the black and white one and its just amazing!


Really cute dress. It held up well in the wash. The fabric has a little stretch.  I ordered up one size and it was perfect.  The hemline is a little off, but for such a great price I can live with it.


This was a gift for my wife and she loves it as much as I love it on her.  Quality, thick material.  Not like the typical clothes on Amazon.  The first one we were sent had a small flaw in the fabric and as usual, Amazon was quick with the exchange/return.


Love this dress, sooo cute, nice fit, I like the fact that it flares, reminds me of my Mom back in the days.


I ordered a size up just to be safe. I would have been fine in a 3x plus, but I just wanted to make sure it fit for a wedding shower  (vintage theme). I ordered a peticoat and it just finished the dress. I would definitely order this dress again!


I love this dress and the pattern so much! It is a bit shorter than I thought it would be but it still hits right at the bottom of my knee and I'm 5'5". I'm about 160 lbs and the large fits perfectly! This dress is very cute with a little shrug and the skirt is a full circle skirt! LOVE IT!!!


The color was nice, but it was too tight and uncomfortable. I think it is because of the design...


Purchased an XS even though I normally wear a small and it does fit a little snug but fits like a normal XS. This dress is made from a nicer material than I expected. It's soft, but does need to be washed to get wrinkles out before wearing. No biggie. This dress is super cute, not see through(I got the white with pink flowers on it) and it looks super cute with a petticoat underneath.


Love this! I was nervous about the size, so I got a size bigger than I needed because I want sure how far down the zipper would go - zipper goes down plenty far and the fabric is pretty stretchy!


