I love the dress


This dress is outstanding.. I got compliments wearing this on my daughter's christening.. less 1 star because the bust is to big for me and when I washed it for the first time the floral print stain on the white part of the dress. Just be careful when you wash it make sure to dry it right away. I wear the dress with tutu underskirt it looks good when I stand but uncomfortable when I sit down because it's to fluffy/bulky I think.


I got this with good delivery package, good quality fabric overall I was satisfied with this dress I still recommend this to my friend.


This dress was amazing! Great quality for the price and I received so many complements. Im glad I checked the size chart and read the reviews because I ordered an XL and it fit perfectly (Im normally a 14)


Absolutely will order from this seller again in the future! Dress was beyond adorable and I received sooo many compliments on it. The fit was wonderful and the material was really good quality. I ordered a 3x as I typically wear a size 18.


It's so misleading when the options of fitting does not include "somewhat fitting".  That would mean the size fit, but does not look well - for example, the length was not quite right or overall look of the dress got worse when it is worn by a person.


Material was starchy and thick, more like a curtain material.  Perhaps it could be better after wash, but not going to take that chance.  The polka dots are bigger than shown in picture.  Not satisfy at all...


Arrived quick, packaged nicely, and fit perfectly.  5'8" 165lbs. Fits me perfectly.


This dress is fantastic! It is soft and shiny and flowy, and it has a good "weight" to it (it doesn't feel thin or cheap). I am 36/28/40 and 5'6" and I purchased a medium, which fit perfectly. It is very comfortable. I wore a tulle skirt underneath to fill out the skirt, but it looks good without one as well. I am very pleased! I'll definitely be wearing this dress every opportunity I can!


I was in a themed wedding and found out I had an issue with my dress two nights before the wedding. In a panic I went to Amazon and typed in "vintage party dress" and this was the first dress that popped up. I was absolutely in love with the look of the dress, the pricing was great, and with my prime membership I was able to have it delivered in time for the adding. The dress fit perfectly and I got so many compliments at the wedding on how adorable my dress was- no one had any idea I ordered it 2 days prior and spent less than $30!! Best purchase I've ever made!


Adorable dress! Always a but worrisome to buy before trying on. Daughter wears a 7/8 Or Medium, but made in China usually runs small so we got her a large and it fits great! I thought it was going to be a bit longer, she is 5'7" and its above the knee by 3 inches.


So I read other reviews, knew to go up 1-2 dress sizes, so if you buy this dress do the same.  I am 5’7 going through menopause so carrying my weight in the middle but nothing spanx won’t fix, 200lbs and normally wear an XL or 14-16 depending on brand.  I got the 3XL could have gotten 2XL but I like wiggle room.  I rather have to have it hemmed smaller then return and get bigger...


Now with that out of the way let’s talk about this amazing dress!  First the material is nice and thick.  You will not show through and it does have a little give to it.  The fit is amazing, I do have a SHORTER TORSO, and long legs so the waist fit perfectly and it fell middle knee.  If you tend to have a longer torso this will fit more like an empire waist.  I love this dress so much I will be buying it in the polka dot.  I did wear a petticoat because I love the big poofy dress look, also looked great with out it. I also have a wide belt and wore it with that, the skinny belt that comes with it is very cute too.  I also had a cardigan on because we were taking pictures outside and still adorable!


 Ok you will need to iron, I expected to have to iron because it would come in a bag...so I did not take any stars off for what I expected to have to happen.


Would I recommend this dress...yes 1000 times over.  Wonderful dress!


