I rarely write reviews but I LOVE this dress!!! Firstly, I was not compensated for this review. I liked that it was substantial in weight, not flimsy and I can dress it up or down using a crinoline slip underneath and heels for a wedding I'll attend or dress it down with some slip on sneakers for a sort of skater look day dress. The length, just above the knee was perfect. No alterations needed. For reference I'm 5'8 and a classic 39-30-40 hourglass with an Amazonian build so not at all tiny but not fat by any definition. The XL fit beautifully.


LOVE THIS DRESS! I got this for my daughter for Easter & it fits beautifully! She is a curvy girl with some junk in her trunk, so finding a dress that fits right is hard. This dress looks like it was custom made for her! LOVE IT!


My 14 year old just had her 8th grade dance, this dress was perfect.  My daughter is built perfect for this style of clothing.  I wish I could get all of her school clothes in fifties style.  She is too young to look so grown up.  But she definitely rocked the dress.  She twirled all night long.  The quality is very nice the pattern in is clear and crisp.  It was modest and fancy at the same time.  It arrived on time and was packaged well.  It did not have to be aired out or dry cleaned due to chemical smells, or dirt from being a previously worn item.  The dress is perfect.


Received so manny compliments, I love this dress! Hit right at my knee, and with a petticoat the skirt filled out really nicely. The dress is made well with quality fabric, definitely impressed. Forget about the belt it comes with though, it's incredibly cheap looking and gets a stretched out look almost immediately.


Even with all the rave reviews, I was skeptical of the quality. I mean, c'mon! A well-made dress at this price point?! Oh, was I pleased. This dress looks great! The fabric and seams are impressive and I appreciate the wee bit of stretch to make moving around more comfortable. Being apple-shaped, I'm always worried about looking pregnant in a dress. This was not the case! The waistline hits me at the smallest part of my torso and the fullness and length of the skirt are flattering as well.


I do wish it had pockets; that detail would take it over the top.


The material was a lot thicker than expected - definitely a good thing! I was kind of dreading the possibility of getting something too small or thin. I ordered up a size just in case. It's a bit big, but nothing a belt can't fix. My fault for ordering up. The quality is just great. The length goes to knee length on me. Overall, a great dress to add to my collection. Definitely looking forward to getting another in a different color!


I am using it for a sweet 16th birthday celebration for my little cousin and her them is 50's Rockabilly theme. It fits perfect even though I am 5'1 it's a little long but with High Heels and a lush petticoat work wonderful and you get that full flare look that the dress give you. I ordered XL and the material is very nice and breathable and vibrant. Can't wait to ware it for the special even this weekend!!!


I've ordered other dresses and this black with bright floral one is NOT the same material. I prefer the cotton version. This one, while pretty, is prone to runs.


Fits true to size! I wore this for my bridal shower and it was perfect!


This dress is beautiful! i love the vintage look... I loved it deeply! then came the moment of truth! i had to wash it...mmm i hand washed it with Tide detergent and the green ran unto the white! such a shame!


