This dress is so cute! wore it with the white cardigan and a petticoat. Got so many compliments


The dress is perfect. Of course it was wrinkled cuz of shipping. I had it dry cleaned and pressed. It was comfortable and gorgeous. No complaints at all.


Love this dress!! I am a school counselor and had to be on stage for graduation so I figured it was a good excuse to buy a new dress. I was not disappointed. I got so many compliments and I agree with some of the other reviews to not skip the peiticoat! I felt like a princess!


I've been eyeing this dress style for a long time but didnt think it would flatter a fluffy frame. Boy was I wrong. Im so glad I finally decided 2 buy it. I felt absolutely beautiful! Compliments galore. Definitely have 2 wear with petticoat.I'll be getting another one soon. Which 1 is the question...


Based on reviews I ordered several sizes larger than recommended. The dress kind of fit, I could zip it up, but the breast dimensions were all wrong. It would have needed to be professionally altered to get it to come even close to fitting me. Looked to be a good quality dress though, for the price, but for size 18 women who are endowed up top will probably have a really impossible fit. It puckered out around the breasts 3-4 inches on each side because the darts weren't done well for women our size.


Came in mail on time, was solid feeling material that has a slight stretch to it without looking cheap. Fit was perfect, good value... did not disappoint.


Great modest dress


I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS DRESS!!!


Bought this dress for a wedding and wow!!!! I received so many compliments and was told how beautiful I looked. Can’t say enough about this dress. I also purchased a petticoat to wear underneath. It made the dress look even more beautiful. Would purchase again.


Absolutely love this dress!! Bought for my daughterfor a wedding, after I had spent 3 to 5 weeks looking for one in her size. (she is 11 and plus sized) The material was great and the fit was amazing. Definitely will make a purchase again.


