Love this dress it's super cute on. Some reviewers said the waist is high but really it sits where your natural waist is, which is above your belly button.  I got a size XL and I normally wear 12-14 I'm 5'10 and 170lbs. I have a long torso so the waist id a little higher than my natural waist but not uncomfortable.  Also the arm holes are a little tight under my armpits, but given my broad shoulders this happens with a lot of things I get. I got the black one with the magenta polka dots (floral 09)


I ordered this dress for my mom for a wedding. The dress looks nice on her. She is 5'3" and normally wears an 18/20. I ordered a 3x bc some of the reviews said order up a size. It is a little big around the arms and chest area on her. The material isn't thin and is of good quality for the price. The reason why I gave three stars is because the belt was missing, if it's not suppose to come with a belt it shouldnt be pictured. Petticoat looks nice underneath.


This is the best dress ever! It's so fun to wear, fits well, and it's actually comfortable. I love it! It needs a petticoat for the full skirt (pics shown with petticoat) Without a petticoat it's more casual.


I bought this dress for my almost 12 year old daughter who was performing in Hairspray Jr. this summer.  It fit per the measurements given but I was extremely satisfied with the quality!  It looks and feels beautiful!  My daughter would now like me to order 3-4 more for her to just wear as it seems she would like to adopt a retro style. She got tons of compliments on it!


ITEM MATERIAL: 96% Cotton + 4% Spandex, Comfortable for Skin  The material has NO Cotton in this dress.  Pretty, well made product BUT NEED COTTON MATERIAL FOR HOT HUMID LOCATION!!!!  I ONLY look at COTTON cloths.  If I cannot rely on your product description why waist my time and money looking at your brand?


Super cute. Great fit. The dress arrived quickly. Its well made. Comes with the belt. I usually wear a large and ordered an xl because I know a lot of times these dresses run small. This dress just fits me. If I gained anymore weight it wouldn't. That's only issue. But it looks very cute and classy. Well worth the price. I do wish it had pockets, that would be the icing on the cake.


A bit tight across the bust but still cute.  Could be a little longer in the bodice which is shortened somewhat by larger chest as well.  I like the size of the arm holes so my bra does not show which was an issue with going a size up.


I am 5 4", ~120 lb, I bought an S size and it fits me perfect. The size chart for this dress is under-estimated (the dress is larger that it listed in the size chart). I think my waist is ~29.5 inch, that my chest is ~34.5 inches, so according to the size chart, I should buy an medium. But I saw a lot of comments the dress was big. So I decided to by a small one, and it fits me percent! The cloth material is very nice, and endurable. Overall, I love it a lot! I was surprised when I got it. I don't often leave comments on Amazon products, but I like this dress so much so I would like to share my experience to others!


The dress is beautiful! I am absolutely in love with it! for $30 it’s not bad at all! The material is not cheap and it stretches a bit at the bust so it’s not so tight. However, sizes aren’t true. I ordered a size that normally would fit me way too big, but with this dress, that size fits just right. The belt was not my favorite. Runs a bit small as well. Definitely would recommend though!


I LOVE this dress! It’s just as beautiful as the picture! I will be buying one in every style!!!


It fit just right. Just a tiny bit snug up top but that’s because I am a DDD. Overall, the fit and look of this dress is PEFRECT.


I was not wearing the belt in the picture. I couldn’t wait to try the dress on! I was not wearing a petticoat, but I think it looks just as nice without one!!!


