I absolutely love this dress. I Couldn't be happier with it. I will be buying more in the different colors for sure. the fabric is really nice and thick, and the belt that comes with it is great too.


Beautiful dress! Wore it to a fancy Gala and it was perfect! The fabric has a satin sheen and made the dress look dressier than it appears in the photo. I am 5'10" so to add some length I bought the black petticoat slip and let it peek out a couple inches from the bottom


I would of really liked it if it would of fit. I ordered a 2X (I'm a 42-44 DDD, with a 40 inch waist) and I was swimming in this dress. If I reordered it I would more than likely fit in an XL.


Following the size chart I ordered up by two sizes. The dress is well made for the cost, the fabric is nice. I am tall and long torsoed. The waist of this dress hit me about 2-3 inches above my natural waist, which wasn't exactly the look I wanted but for the price was ok.


This dress is beautiful!  I would highly recommend it.  It works even without a petty coat.  It is a smidge big in the wait but when you cinch it in you can't tell.


This dress is perfect for me! I am about 5'2.5 and a true 14. I bought the XL and it fits me perfectly! The dress goes to my knees, too! I have bought about 3 of these dresses in different patterns and I always get a lot of compliments! The only downfall is that they have to be dry-cleaned and they wrinkle easily. Don't let that keep you from getting this amazing dress, though!


Perfect!! I buy dresses all the time and usually have to return them because they are too big around the waist. Not this one! XS fit me like a glove and it is the cutest thing ever! The material doesn't wrinkle and has the perfect amount of flare. I'm planning on buying another one in a different color.


Ordered a medium, this dress fits me to a T (and I tried it on after eating dinner). I am 5'2, 140 lbs. Good quality material with just a little bit of stretch to it. Also fun to twirl in. I bought this for a wedding, but will definitely be buying more colors and patterns.


Simply gorgeous! I haven't worn it with the crinoline yet, but it's beautiful without it too. Very happy with this purchase.Perfect for any occasion.


This dress is amazing!  If it had pockets I would order 5 more :)  It came with the belt.  I normally wear a small but got a med.  It fit perfectly.


