After reading the reviews, I ordered a size larger than I would normally buy. I am 5'4" and fluffy. I bought a 3x and it was a little loose. I bought the petticoat as well. This was my birthday dress. It flows beautifully and feels very feminine. I will be purchasing more of these. Mine washed well in cold water. Dried with no noticeable shrinkage.


Amazing dress! I am 5'6 135 DD chest ordered a small and it fits like a glove. To achieve the look I was going for I did put a petty coat under it!


LOVE this dress! Even better w the petticoat. I love ladybugs, so I wore this for my birthday. Everyone loved it! It was PERFECT!


I had to send back and reorder a bigger size. I went by the size chart and the first dress did not fit. I could not zip it all the way up. I just got the new size, one size up, and was able to wear it. Although the top is now a bit large. (See pic, where it kind of gaps when i move.) It wasn't available in my original color, kind of disappointed about that. The material is alright and the zipper is cheap.


This is a great dress! It'll be a little hot for dancing, but at least it's sleeveless.  I ordered a Medium, thinking that I've gained a little weight when I usually order a small. I didn't want it to be tight. But it was pretty loose around the waist, so I went a size smaller, which is what I should have ordered. I ordered another in size Small and resist the urge to buy it in another color. But it's SO CUTE!


This dress is so cute and very flattering. I love the style and fabric design. It came with a thin belt, which looks cute, but I also tried it on with a thick/wide belt and it looks very cute that way too. I will be wearing it with the wider belt : ) The quality is great, and the price was great. I'm 5' 5", 125lbs and wear a 36C bra. I ordered a medium, and it fits perfectly. You can definitely dress it up or dress it down for a more casual look.


I was looking for a vintage style dress to wear to a wedding and this met my expectations. It was very colorful and fun.  I bought the Vianla rockability petticoat to wear underneath to give it that extra flare.  I am already looking for somewhere else to wear this.  I received tons of compliments. The fit was perfect for me.  I would recommend getting the proper size for your top portion since the bottom is meant to flare.  The only issue for me was the belt.  There were plenty of holes but since my waist is pretty small me there was a lot of belt leftover hanging in the back.  I should have pinned it but I didn't think of that until today.  Overall I am beyond satisfied.  I also wore it with a pearl earring and necklace set.  It would be nice with gloves too.


I usually wear a size 6 - 8 and I ordered a large because I'm a little bigger than most on the top.  The large fit well.  I think the dress has a bit too much material on the bottom that's  probably true  in all sizes.  I am going to wear it with a wide black belt, did not like the skinny belt that came with it, but thtt's just my opinion.  The material is a little stiff so I think I'll wash it before I wear  it .  Overall I like the dress.


Love the dress!!! It is a thin fabric but not at all see through. You can't see any of my undergarments through it and it flows so well! It is well made and is actually long enough to be modest! I am 5' 8 so it is hard to find something that covers what I want covered of my legs. The neck is a little high but is comfortable after you get used to it. It is a little snug in the chest, but as a DD maybe I should just order a larger size next time. Only complaint is how long it took to ship.


Perfect dress! Shipping took slightly longer than expected, but not bad! I'm a 32 DDD 38-30-40, five feet tall and the medium fit nicely, but I did have to pull it on over my head, as it wouldn't​go over my hips. With a full petticoat, it hits right at the knee. Fabric is thick, sturdy, but I think it will stand up to Georgia summer without making me sweat. Very modest, perfect for the office!


