Super cute dress but way too small.  I ended up wearing it as a skirt instead because I was out of time to find something else to wear to a costume party.


I'm 5' 5", 130 lbs, bust 36B, waist 29 inches and the medium is an excellent fit. The blue/green/white floral fabric is slightly stretchy and requires light ironing. A bustier figure would still fit in this dress. I wash in the machine on delicate and hang to dry. If it had pockets it would be perfect! A petticoat looks good with this dress. I received so many compliments! I only wish the selection of fabrics was more to my liking - I would buy a dozen of these at this low price. It had a few hanging threads but that took one minute to fix.


I normally can't find 4x clothes that fit my body in a flattering fashion.


This dress BLEW ME AWAY!!! It was a gorgeous lemon pattern on soft slightly stretchy material. It's a great cut, and best of all IT FIT LIKE A DREAM!!!


I'm going to buy another 3-4 dresses in different patterns.


My ONLY complaint, that the product tag (not the garment tag inside) is literally sewn into the side of the dress. I had to cut it and use a seam ripper to get rid of the fuzzies sticking out of where it was stitched in. All in all, no big deal.


Received quickly and as described...Good transaction....Thank you


The quality of this dress for the price is just phenomenal. I wasn't sure if the sizing would be correct, but it was just as shown in the sizing guide.


I returned a size L and got this XL, it has to go by the bust size because I am a 12-14P and L didn't fit.  The XL is fine, except the bottom of the zipper was sewn over and I have had to very delicately pull the stitches, hopefully there won't be any tearing.  I had ordered the crinlon (sic) slip, but returned because it made my behind look huge.  The belt is too long, but going to switch out with a different black belt.  I ordered a 3/4 sleeve open sweater to wear with and looks very cute for a spring wedding. 


Pretty in the picture. Cheap fabric in reality


This dress is lovely!! At first I didn’t know how it would fit so I just ordered the  extra small size and it worked! Usually it’s a guessing game online when it comes to ordering my size but this time my “guesses” worked. I’m 5’3 107lbs 34/24.5/26. They shipped very fast. The only thing I would recommend is to make sure you iron the dress once you receive it because it does come folded up.


This is very nice dress. The fabric is nice. Not thin. I had a black bra and could not see it through the dress. Very spinny, even without the underskirt. Great length. Nice velvety belt. I am 5'4" 150 lbs and 36C. I ordered a large and it fit very true to size. Arrived promptly.  You will not be sorry oderibg this at all!


I wore this dress to my daughter's graduation with red heels ..This lady walked up to me abdcsaid can you please leave that dress with me we both started laughing She said I just love it and I told her me too lol great dress great price I'm 411 and 140lbs and I order Large


