Great quality! I bought it for the local Steeplechase horse races and it's perfect! I'm 5'10 size 8/10 and was worried it wouldn't be flattering on my curvier shape but it's very flattering. It's a great quality garment as well. Love it and would buy again in a different pattern.


Perfect fit, as described. This dress is the most beautiful dress i own. The quality is great, and the material is so soft and comfortable. Do yourself a favor and get one today. Pair it with a 26" rockabilly petticoat to finish the look, simply gorgeous


This is the perfect dress! The sizing is on point and the fit is perfect. This is the cutest dress ever... I'll definitely be ordering more GK items!


It ONLY fits as expected because I payed attention to the many cautions to check the size charts that the company provided NOT the Amazon size chart...I do not usually take an XL in much; however for this size 12 girl, I'm so glad I got the size (XL) according to my measurements on the Grace Karin size charts!


I got the XL.  I'm 5'7" and 180lbs.  Not too large in the bust yet my shoulders are wide.  I wanted a fitted bodice and got just that.  The score of only 4 stars is due to the white polka dots are a little larger than I thought the image portrayed and the waist could be longer.  The length is at the knee which provides for a modest look. I will be wearing this with a fitted white cardigan and summer wedges. It does seem to have a little give in the fabric.


Stunning! Quality fabric. It is not see through. Bought the petty coat to go with it and together they are the perfect pair. Only thing that could make this dress any better is for them to have pockets.


Material does seem a little cheap. Great value for the money and received it quickly. Ordered a size larger to be on the safe side and it was a little to loose. Make sure you read the size chart when  figuring on XL or 1X big difference.


I was worried about ordering a cheap dress on amazon but when i got the dress and put it on, i was blown away. It fit well and was breathable. I love it! I will be ordering another style. I ordered the small. Im 5’4 and 115 pounds with a 28 in waist and the small fit great with a little bit of breathing room.


Great buy!! Very girlie and fab. My husband loved it and I recieved many compliments. Well made, great quality of material and stitching


Bought XL, I normally wear size 14-16 bra 38DD, this fit perfectly.


