I received so many compliments when I wore this. it is so flattering! The material is elastic and comfortable


Beautiful dress with a nice heavy material. Very classy and feminine. Belt was a bit big but that is an easy fix.


I have several dresses from Amazon and this one is my absolute favorite! It is soooo beautiful! I put a petticoat under and the look is phenomenal! Buy it !


Thought I had taken measurements just like my seamstress mother had always taught me, but ended up a bit too big. Still I was very satisfied (easier to take in than being too small), and love the how much the skirt swings out. Bought another dress a size smaller from the same company. Hope it fits!


I bought the solid red and the black and white flower dresses. I love the bright red color and the classiness of the black and white dress. I usually wear a small but from reading reviews I bought a size up and got a medium for both. The only place you can tell it's slightly too large for me is at the chest part because I'm not very busty. I bought a wide black belt and a red belt to take up more of the space on the dresses and to cinch in the extra fabric. They are very comfy and beautiful.


Love this dress. Fit was fine, quality was great. Colors were vibrant. I paired it with a red petticoat and the next time I wore it with a teal one. Great dress.


This dress fit alright up top but there was A TON of fabric with the skirt. I know the style calls for adding a petticoat but I wanted a dress I could wear to work without the fluff. Without a petticoat the dress laid really funny over my hips and bunched up. I'm returning. Great dress but not my style and I couldn't make it work.


Very pretty, I need to take it in a little bit in the torso/shoulders and I plan to wear it with a petticoat to really show off the fullness of the skirt.


I'm size 2-4 and typically wear XS. I ordered S size and it was perfect. I bought it to wear on our Holiday party at work and I received a lot of complements!!! The dress is very simple itself, but I really liked the check board style - black and white.


Lots of compliments on this dress. Just enough licra to help it fit like a glove. I'm very happy


