My daughter loved it.


Sure pretty. The material isn't soft it's a bit rough to touch but not uncomfortable. Too sizes too small order next two up! 5ft I wear a us 2X and weight is 245lbs. Returning for larger size.


I am Dan's wife and buy through his account. Anyways, this dress is super cute! I bought it for Dapper Day at Disneyland, to wear with my white petticoat and black fascinator. Totally perfect Dapper look!! I bought a Small, I'm  5'1, 120lbs & 32DD and it fits amazing.


Beautiful dress, very comfortable and flattering. Didn't come with a belt which is fine since I preferred it w/o one. I had to go one size above my normal size but it was pretty close to the measurements in the description of the item so if you go by that you should be okay. I wore it with a petticoat underneath to give it more body. The only gripe is how easily it gets wrinkled but you could barely notice since there is so much fabric (and also I think bc my dress is black.) Def will buy other dresses from this vendor.


If I had been a bit smaller, that would be good.. Also, i needed to be a bit shorter to.  I think 5'7" and shorter would be good.  My backside was fully exposed so I had to return.


I love it!! I'm 5'4, 130ish and I got the small it's absolutely perfect the only things is it's a but long but that's totally fine! It's packaging was absolutely adorable! And not tha the belt was bad I just didn't like it! I just don't have enough waist for it so I have another one with a gold bow and it's perfect! ! This is absolutely amazing!  I didn't get a petticoat to go with it and it's still flowy and adorable! !


The dress was pretty but not for the occasion I needed it for. This dress would be prefect for a bridal shower, durby, or baby shower. I got a large but should have gotten a medium, so I had  To return it.


The moment I put this dress on I was inlove. It was like I had time traveled to a Grace Kelly movie. It fits like it was made for me. The fabric is good quality. And it's simply SO classy. (The giant smudge on my mirror however...not so classy. xD )


I purchased the small. I'm 5'5'' about 116lbs with no boobs to speak of and it fit great! The colors are just as vibrant as in the pictures. The skirt has beautiful circle design that looks good with or without a petticoat. The fabric is nice and thick, but also has some stretch to it. I was not expecting it to be as silky as it was. The other dress I purchased from here was cotton, but this one has more shine to it. Best thing is...I can zip it myself!


I love the dress for the price! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the material wrinkles very easily to me and with a 6 months old baby, I need my clothes to be a little more durable. I'm 5'4, got it in a 3x and the dress falls in the middle of my knees which is perfect for me. It's modest and flattering all in one


