This fits nicely everywhere but my chest. Even without a bra (in a failed attempt to make them less... out there) this was squeezing my chest. It's a beautiful dress, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to wear it. If you're more proportionate I say go for it. One other thought: buy a crinoline. It pulls the whole thing together.


LOVE LOVE LOVE BUY THIS DRESS! I'm 5'7 with a 48H Bust and I hate dresses they never fit right. This fit like a glove and I want one in every color!


fit was perfect and the material was cool and comfortable on my skin.  will be ordering more in different patterns


Absolutely adorable! Fits perfect and the fabric is a nice weight. The colors are bright and the dress washed well. I will probably order another one in a different color.


My husband loved it!! He said this is the best dress I've got and he even told me to buy more. It's really cute and it fits very nice. The skirt is puffy enough by itself.


This dress was so cute but from the beginning zipper stuck like crazy and then broke on her 2nd time wearing. Too bad, she loves the dress.


Perfect fit. I am 5’4” 110lbs and very small build. I bought a size small and it fit perfectly in the armhole, chest and waist. I also bought a black petticoat size small, an a chunkier black belt from Grace Karen. Everything fit perfectly and comfortable. I love the dress so much I’ll probably buy more colors!


order true to size I ordered a size up the first time to big.  Fit and buy to your correct size


Love love love the dress! Now my daughter and I have matching dresses for pictures! The dress fits true to size. I like it a lot! May get in different colors!


I live in KY and needed a cute dress for OAKS Day (day before Derby)...this dress was perfect!  Good quality, love the color, looks just like the picture!  I was pleasantly surprised.  Just make sure, before you submit your order, that the seller is GK (Grace Karin).  I had purchased a similar dress(looked the same), different color, from another seller...quality of dress and material was poor compared to this dress.  I am 5'3 @138lbs with 36A cup...Medium fit perfectly!  And the material has a little give, which is nice, so you don't feel like you are going to bust any seams! Lol.


