I have this dress in six different colors and patterns and six more on my wishlist. It's my absolute favorite!!! Great quality and prefect fit. I bought a petticoat from mod cloth that I wear with them and I wear them on a weekly basis almost. I wore two different ones in my senior pictures on Disney world and I would literally wear these every day. BUY. THIS. DRESS.


I am a 34C, 5'4", 133lbs


I ordered a size medium. It's paired with a size small petticoat. The belt was the correct size, the dress fit perfectly.


Its so gorgeous, nice material and true to size. I'm ordering in anoda color.  Despite my 6months pregnancy bump, it looks glamorous.


This was my first Grace Karin dress, size L, floral 22. I love the retro style dresses, but sizing is always a little tough for me as my midsection is wider than befits the rest of my body. (5'5, 36C, 30/31 waist, dress sizes range from 8-12, 154 lbs) I am SO happy I bought this. Not only did it fit my chest area without being too tight or having that weird loose poof effect, it also has a bit of stretch "just in case". Also, while it is not a true empire waist, it is higher than normal waistlines so my belly area is free to be hidden beneath the raised belt area. I. Love. This. Cute, modest, great quality, beautiful fit, timely delivery - I ordered another for my birthday dinner (black) and will most likely be ordering a few more as finances permit. Looks great with or without a petticoat (wore mine out with), I couldn't recommend this more. Outstanding purchase!


ps - pics are showing difference with and w/o the petticoat. Plenty of fabric in skirt area to swoosh and twirl in!


Just buy this. Seriously. I could not be more pleased with the speed of shipping, the product quality, and how it fits and flatters. It's both comfortable and really, really pretty, and I'm no 20-year-old model type. For reference, I'm 5'3", 140, a 38D, and I chose a Large, and it fits like a glove without being at all tight. The length is perfect. The belt in the photos is my own, as I think this looks better with a wider belt. The waistline is a tad high if you're at all busty, but a wide belt helps. I no longer have a small waist at all, but this really makes it look like I do.


Edit: I added the black tutu crinoline suggested with it, and it is absolutely adorable. That's my husband's words, not mine, but he's right; if you let the tulle of the crinoline show about an inch at the bottom, it's just cute as a bug's ear.


 I love this dress but it is just a bit too large. :\ I'll be ordering it again in the correct size. I was concerned since it is such a fitted top that the small would be too small, but the medium is too big. I'm 5'7, weigh 140-145 lbs and wear a size 6 in jeans and small in tops and I ordered this dress in medium. It is a beautiful dress and I wish it fit me the way I want it too.


I completely love this dress. I've ordered it to wear to a semi-formal evening wedding in August. Great quality. Length is below the knee (and I have long legs). It is too large, but I attribute this to my ordering the wrong size. I originally ordered a XXL. I have since placed an order for a size XL, and will update my comments once it arrives. I'm 5' 7", 164 pounds, 34D, size 12. My waist is 37" and bust is 38".


Update - I've received the XL dress, it fits much better across the bust, the waist is a bit high, and the hem is at the knee cap. I plan on keeping the XL and returning the XXL.


This dress is SO comfortable. I bought it to double as a wedding and Easter outfit. I recommend getting the petticoat to go with this so it can be fluffy and nicer flowing. You don't have to wear it though and the dress is still nice. It's not breastfeeding friendly at all if that's something that's a deal breaker. I actually needed to unzip it for that. The way it came in the package was very nice! It also came with the belt and a small almost not even noticeable loop on the side of the dress for the belt to go through. I'm 5'6 and 135 pounds with a very small waist  (ordered a medium)and it did not help me at all to put the belt in the loop, it just kept falling and looked weird. It wrinkles easily, I actually had to iron it mainly at the top because they are noticeable wrinkles. Overall i really like this dress. It's light and fun and a great party/church or wedding guest dress.


This dress is absolutely beautiful. It is even more stunning than the photos. I bought it for a birthday lunch at a tea house and it was perfect! I also bought a petticoat for underneath but the dress itself was enough for that occasion. It is nice material. According to the size chart on the image, I was between a small and a medium, but am a little on the large side bust wise, so I ordered a medium. The medium fit perfectly in the bust, however, was a little loose in the collar bone area and the waist (but I prefer my clothes to fit more loose rather than be tight). I cut the belt and it was perfect, and was actually more cute than what I expected. I will definitely be purchasing another one in the future. I received many compliments and you really can't beat the price for the quality and beautifully vivid colors on the dress. Also, I did wash it on delicate (inside out) and dried it in the dryer on medium heat, with the hopes to shrink it a little, and had no issues, even though the tag says dry clean. I might order a size small for my next one, but I did not have time to mess around with a return, as I needed the dress within a few days.


(I also bought the hat in my picture on Amazon... It was such a great purchase!)


I ordered the Floral Vintage Evening Dress Mini Ball Dress. I ordered an XL, I am 5'7 and weigh about 190 lbs. and I am very curvy. I had read previous reviews where a good bit of individuals said they purchased a petticoat to go under the dress to give it a little more pizzazz. And at first I wasn't going to order the petticoat to go under the dress, but then I decided to go ahead and try it, and I am SO glad that I did. The dress looked amazing on, and it fit perfectly!! I wore this dress to a wedding, and I received SOOOO many compliments. Almost every single person who attended the wedding stopped me to tell me I "was wearing that dress!!" I highly recommend this dress because it's so flattering, and makes you feel like royalty. It's very classy, and stunning. I will definitely be purchasing another dress in a different color/style.


