OMG! What a beautiful dress!!! I intend to purchase more, in different colors! True fit, great price! You can wear this dress casual, or dress it up on a warm spring evening! EVERYBODY, get this dress. Buy it as a gift, buy it for yourself! GREAT BUY!!!!!


Love this dress. Was just as I expected fit perfectly. Was surprised I got the right size on first try. I read a lot of reviews and chose to order a size up because most said they run a little small especially in the chest area. Definitely should get the under skirt cause other wise doesn't look right love it.


Love this dress. Looks great with a petticoat. I ordered it but it was a bit big so I ordered it smaller and love it. Quick shipment too.


Albeit, sized a little small, this dress is gorgeous and well made.  The materials is very nice and hangs nicely.  We ordered a medium for someone that is a size 9 jean, but it was too snug.  We sent it back and got the large, PERFECT!!!


Very high quality product, very happy with it! Just a side note; I'm 5'8 and it came right beneath my knees. So if you are shorter than that it will definitely be long on you. I am about 220 lbs and I saw the recommendations to order a size larger than you normally would, so I decided to order a 2xl and it's fits PERFECTLY.


The Size I ordered fit my waist just fine, but the chest was so huge it was ridiculous. I had waaaay to much room that not even the best padded bra could fix. Also all the pther reviews here comment on how heavy the material is, but on the dress I ordered the material was pretty thin and stiff. Really disappointed since I was so excited to finally own a retro dress like this. Had to return the day after I received it.


Beautiful print... looks just like the pictures. Only problem is my giant boobs get squished... but has potential for me to not have to wear a bra which is usually a no go. Super nice and cute for a wedding


The fabric length and style are great....love it...but I did have to resew all the seams of the dress because it was falling apart after the first wash...but the colors stayed vibrant and it did not bleed...since I have the ability to sew I'm satisfied with the dress


Beautiful dress but way too small. Bought 3x and it is like an xl.......decided to keep and see if I can lose weight to fit into it because it is so pretty;)


The design of the dress is good, the material is very stiff; the cost was inexpensive so I suppose this is what you get for the price.


