I am very stingy with my five star reviews. But I have to say that this stress deserves six stars if they were available. I ordered it in the black and red floral the first time and loved how it fits so much that I went back and got it in the burgundy wine color. I then ordered it in the bright blue color.  The material is Nick without being too hot and has just enough flow to it. I would easily pay $80-$100 for this dress in a store.


 I am 5 foot one and very curvy with a 34G cup size  so I am very reluctant to buy any item that looks like it doesn't have stretch.  I ordered this in a large to make room for my chest. Even though it's slightly larger in the waste it's not so big that it looks strange. Being short, it goes to about an inch below my knees.  I can't believe that it actually fits my boobs and still looks good everywhere else.


 I absolutely love wearing this dress to work. It makes me feel feminine  and professional at the same time.


I read a lot of the reviews before I purchased this dress because I was leery on buying a dress from Amazon because I never had before. The reviews were great and the pictures everyone added helped even more! I am the advisor of the JR class of the high school that I work for and I help plan and run the prom. I like to get a dress that goes with the theme but I do not wear a lot of dresses otherwise so I hate spending  a lot of money on them. When I saw this dress it was perfect for the theme and decor of our one enchanted evening theme. I was just blown away by this dress. It was a little big but that was my fault because I recently lost weight and I have a hard time judging my size anymore so I really wasn't sure what size to get. Wearing it to prom last weekend, I got so many compliments. I just can't say enough about this dress! It is so well made I just didn't even want to take it off! I bought another one in another print to wear to graduation in a few weeks! I had to wear a sweater over it because it was chilly and rainy that day. I did buy a petticoat to wear under it but it looks great either way!!


Bought the dress for my daughter for a school dance . We almost had to find a different dress at the last minute due to a very cheap zipper it took us 30 minutes to get her dress zipped . We love the dress just wish they wouldn't of went cheap on the zipper..


I LOVE this dress! It is good quality, medium-weight material, and well-made, especially for the price. I know that ordering clothing online can be sort of a gamble, but I would say that this definitely fit me true to size. (I’m 5’9 and typically wear a 2-3X, depending on the item.) I initially ordered a size up (4X), just to be cautious, but it ended up being far too big. I returned it and purchased my size (3X) instead and now it fits beautifully! (As a note, if I had ordered a 2X, it would have been uncomfortably snug in the waist.) It hugs all my right curves, and length-wise hits me exactly at the knee.


One thing I will say is that the boat neck is fairly large, so take that into account when ordering. I am large-busted (46DDD) and does gap a bit instead of lying flat.


I opted to pair this with a wider, more decorative belt, and purchased a colored petticoat to really make it pop, as well as to fill out the skirt. I’ve gotten many compliments on the combo!


(In the photos, the dress is immediately out of the package. You’ll obviously have to press it, or it will be wrinkled as it appears here.)


I ordered this dress  to marry My fiancé in. Him and I are eloping and we want to dress up without being too formal. This design is perfect for me.


After reading many reviews I felt that following the suggestions of a number of women to order the next size up (I wear a size 20 pant/20-22 dress and a 44DDD bra to give you an idea of size wise. I ordered a 4x) Having done that, the dress fits perfectly (gave it 4 stars for that reason only)! I do need to add a cpl darts (sew) at the armpit holes because it slightly shows my bra (I have to do that with many of my clothing items so it's no big deal for me).


I do suggest getting a Petticoat to give the dress a bit of a poof. I ordered one and it gave the dress the added oomph.


I will definitely be ordering more of these dresses in the future in some of the other prints. I am beyond thrilled with the quality of the dress and the belt perfectly. The price was a major winning factor for me as well.


I will add a picture in a few weeks. I don't want my fiancé accidentally seeing my dress on me before we elope.


This dress was a much better quality then I expected for the price. I read some of the other review and bought a petticoat to go under it and it looks precious. I wear size 14/16 and I ordered a XL and it fit very well.I think I'm going to buy another one in a different color!


I am 5'6", 179 lbs, 38C, size 14-16/XL. All the photos are without a crinoline (I have a bubble butt so the crinoline looked super cute until I turned and saw how ridiculously huge my butt looked) and both dresses are right out of the bag they were delivered in so not pressed at all.  The first dress I ordered (the light blue floral) in XL. It fits perfectly everywhere but in the waist and across the shoulders in the back. I have wide shoulders and carry all my weight in the middle so I'm used to having those issues with fit.  I'm still able to wear it, just a little more fitted than I normally prefer. I included a photo of how it fits my arm because I read some reviews that they were too small which caused me some concern before I ordered. So, the second dress (white & black floral) I ordered an XXX and I LOVE it! It's snug in the waist but still comfortable to wear. It's thick enough I don't need a slip. It is a thicker material so the front neckline does kind of pooch out, but only if I get lazy and don't sit up straight.  The belt was missing when i got the first dress but I wear it without and it's fine, I got one with the second dress but it's already falling apart so I use one I already have.  The belts are a non-issue for me,  I'm just happy I finally found dresses from a good seller, in this style that fit and that I can afford. I am about to order a third Grace Karin dress from GK Queen. Oh, and I also got a handheld garment steamer and would recommend one to anyone for these dresses, waayyy easier than trying to iron them!


Love this dress! I originally ordered an XL and it fit but was just a tad too small in the chest. I wear a size 16 jeans and I'm a 38 DDD. So while the waist and stomach fit perfectly on the xl, I needed more room up top. So I ordered the 2x and it fits pretty good. The belt that it comes with was HUGE though so I won't be using it and purchasing a different belt for it.


I first bought the white with black flowers in Large (I normally wear a 12)...it was too big. Instead of returning I took it in a bit. Next purchased three of the dots in medium(White w/black, Black w/white, and Red w/black). Every-single-time I wear one of these dresses, someone asks where I got it. They are all beautiful, well constructed, and a more substantial fabric than others of comparable price.


The belts that come with this dress are all quite large, so I've subbed them out for others in my closet.


I got this dress as a last minute act of desperation. I am a bridesmaid in a wedding and I needed a bridal shower dress. I'd looked everywhere and found nothing. I normally don't buy clothes online because it's hard to pick the right size, and a pain to return things when they don't fit. I wasn't sure what to expect from such an inexpensive garment, but I was very pleasantly surprised. The material is very nice and the dress was beautiful. Unfortunately, it was HUGE! I ended up sewing my own dress. Because I sew, I know that I had taken my measurements correctly. It was at least 5" too large in the waist, which would mean that it was at least 2 sizes too big. When I returned the dress I figured out the problem. I needed and XL but I had ordered a plus sized 1XL... which is (surprise, surprise) 2 sizes too big. So... basically I'm an idiot and this dress is awesome. I'll also say, my ideas about returns were dead wrong. Returning this dress was almost as easy as ordering it was.


