Great dress , runs a little small , I'm 5 ft and one thirty five and a c cup and it fit but snug !!! Still love it with a white bolero :)


Can't think of a dang critical thing to say about this dress. It's comfortable, it's cottony, and it's vibrant. It fits like a dream, and comes with the belt which, if a little long, can easily be trimmed down to size with a little care.


I am 5'4", 120lbs, and both the small and medium fit, but the small was better - the waist fell slightly truer in the medium, but the dress had enough extra length that the shorter small size worked out much more attractively.


I'm getting married in the evening, and we're having our 'to-do' before it, so this is what I'm going to be wearing all day.


Even though this dress has many good reviews I was skeptical because I am pickier than most when it comes to quality and fit. I can say that this dress far exceeded my expectations! I usually wear a 20 and ordered a 3X to fit my 42F bust. It was a perfect fit and will need no alterations. The skirt is very full and hangs nicely. The fabric is a good quality and weight. The belt included was at least 2 sizes too big but I have a similar belt to wear with it. I bought the white with black floral print and plan to wear it to a Mother's Day brunch.


If you are considering this dress I would not hesitate to buy!!


Love it !  I'm 5'7 157 pounds 37B -30"- 42". Ordered size Large according to the size chart with the dress description. It's a perfect fit resting just at the top of my knees (no thigh showing). I am long waisted and the waist rested slightly high of my actual waist. This was expected though. The bodice fit smoothly without pulling or slouching. All the seams were amply deep and neatly and evenly overcast and trimmed without puckering. They laid quite flat. The invisible zipper was beautifully installed and easy to run.The belt is 1/2" wide, black and velvety soft. It is plenty long to have its end neatly thread through the belt loop and stay in place with about 4" extending beyond the loop. Just right. I purchased the Grace Karin midi length tutu skirt crinoline in sky blue to go with this Grace Karin dress. The two together make for a lovely feminine look. The dress with its vibrant color and flattering fit  is much more beautiful in person than in the picture. I highly recommend this dress. If ordering the crinoline, watch the size. I ordered an X-L and it fit. Large would have been too small.


I didn't even try this dress on due to the cheap feeling cotton material.  It also didn't have the belt as I could tell this one was a return due to the packaging.  This dress didn't have any stretch like the other two ANNI COCO dresses I'm keeping.  It was a wrinkled mess and it would wrinkle badly during use.  I compared this one to the other ones and it was a tad small in the bodice area.


Before buying this dress I read tons of reviews because I hate returning things especially clothes. I needed a nice dress for my sons rehearsal dinner in June 2018. I LOVE this dress the quality for the price is pretty amazing. I loved how it fit also. You must check the size options when ordering though I wear a 12 but I bought a XXXL and it fits well with a bit of breathing room. That’s how I wanted it to be. I recommend buying from this company and I would purchase from them again.


This dress is beautiful and fits really well. As a size 14, the XL fits perfectly. I have gotten so many compliments on it, especially paired with a black tutu crinoline. However, like most other dresses of this style/manufacture, the zipper is horrible. For a one time event, it's definitely worth the trouble. If you want to wear this frequently, you may consider getting the zipper replaced.


This is a beautiful dress! Worn with the suggested petticoat skirt underneath it fills out in a gorgeous, classy way. I ordered this for a Kentucky Derby party because of the roses, and am not disappointed. I am an exact size 6 for this cut (bust 34, waist 28, hips not relevant with this dress), so, a Medium fits comfortably with a little wiggle room around the waist, most of which is taken up when wearing the petticoat. I previously bought a small in another color design in this style and it was snug, but fit.


I got the aqua dress with floral pattern and it was adorable! Fit like the measurements said it would. Love the belt that it comes with. Wore to my brothers wedding and got many compliments on it. I definitely recommend getting the petticoat to go under it. The quality was great for the price. It will come very wrinkled though so make sure you have a steamer or iron. I will be buying more patterns for sure!


Absolutely adore this dress! Light weight so it's great for the hot weather here in Florida! I'm so excited to wear this for dapper day at Disney!!


