Very cute dress, but as others have mentioned it is prone to wrinkles! Since you can't iron it, I ended up throwing the dress in the dryer inside out with some damp towels and that got most of the wrinkles out.


Of note, I'm 5'7", and the dress is made with someone of a shorter frame; the natural waist of the dress and the breast placement were about 1-1.5 inch too high for me. However, I paid $30 for what is truly a $30 dress, not a customized dress. The dress is unlined, but the material is thick enough that it doesn't matter, and the stitching is good.


I was surprised at the quality of this dress; nice material and very well made. I am 5'8" 150 lb 36C bra and found the medium fit best. It was still a little roomy in the back between the shoulders and neckline, not sure why but it was still flattering. I also found it to be roomy at the waistline, probably because it is designed to accommodate a crinoline. I did not intend to wear a crinoline so I didn't care for the way it lay on my waste. It is still a great dress and I think someone with either a fuller figure or a slender, straight frame would find this dress very flattering.


I wore this to work with the Texas heat, no sweater and flat white sandals to keep it from looking really dressy. I walk in my office everyone loved it a few of the women Physicians said I looked as if I should be singing the Sound of Music(Tehehe!) however they all said it is refreshing to see this for a change. Everyone must go by the sizing chart I am a size 16, 40 in breast area and 38 in the waist a 3XL was the closest to my size and it fits just right. It is not too tight in the breast or the armpit area nonetheless I'm looking to purchase another one as we speak. ENJOY! :)


This dress was absolutely perfect! It fit well in every part of my body. It didn't make me look like I had a huge poof of a belly. I honestly was worried about the back of the dress being too tight when I wrap my arms around but it didn't! I have a large bust, I was afraid that my bust would be too big, but all my worries went away! It fit so well! It stretched with me! I stayed cool all day while other ladies were hot in their dresses. I received many compliments on the dress pattern. The cost of the dress was reasonable. The way this dress was made should cost more, but thankfully it didn't, I wouldn't have been able to purchase it. I was so excited! Thank you seamstresses and designers at Grace Karin! You all rock!


Absolutely loved this dress! I definitely suggest buying a tutu for a more formal look. It looks kind of flat without one but still gorgeous nonetheless. I received so many compliments!


Finally a dress that I think will work! My daughter is 5' tall. It has been difficult to find modest dresses for her in this tween stage. This will require some simple alteration to make the arm holes bigger, as the dress cuts tightly into the front of the armpit area. She has muscular arms but usually requires a petite size because regular sizes have too much height from the bust to the shoulder. She is very picky and will not wear dresses that have low armhole openings that show the bra. This dress comes up high enough to hide the bra entirely, but needs more room towards the front of the arm hole. I may end up buying one or two more of these because the arm hole issue should be an easy fix.


This dress is absolutely beautiful! I haven't worn it yet - waiting for Valentine's day. I tried it on immediately and it fits perfectly. I was nervous because I'm 5'3", 125 lbs athletic & curvy, so "womens" sized clothing can be hard for me to fit. I ordered a small, which thankfully was perfect. I want to order one for my sister but she's smaller than me and I think the small might be too big. However I have no issues with this dress, the shoulders even fit well! I will say that the belt is way too long, but I can work with that. I like the material too, it's not cheap. I intend to buy this in more colors, I'm just pacing myself haha.


I bought this dress in black and in wine red. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the fabric and the stitching. The black one fit perfectly and I'm sure that it will become my new favorite! However. even though they were both tagged as the same size, I had to return the wine red because it was at least 2 sizes too small. I am reordering with the hope that it was simply mis-sized. I will update this review once I receive the new dress.


This dress is absolutely adorable!!  I have ordered a navy cardigan and have navy flats to wear with it.  I bought the lemon print.  Fits perfectly!  I am 5'6" and 200 lbs and bought a large


This is simply gorgeous!!!!!!! I want one in every color!!!!!!!!  I wanted to get the blue one but I saw this color and had to get it as I have a photo of my mother wearing one similar way back in the 40s with my father. I put this on and looked up to heaven. I hope my parents saw this. I can't wait to go out to dinner with my husband and show this off. Who said vintage!  This CAN be worn now!!! and Ladies.... it cover thy arms and shoulders!!!!!  It is simply beautiful!!!!!


