So I just got it in the mail and I love it! For the price and the style. The little belt is cute though I’ll not wear it. I want to buy the petticoat!! I am looking forward to wearing it and buy more from this designer!!


Bought for my daughter, fit perfect she loved it and received many compliments


Based on other reviews I ordered a size up but that turned out to be way too big & had to return it for my actual size. Now it fits perfectly. I ordered the GRACE KARIN WOMEN 50S PETTICOAT SKIRTS TUTU CRINOLINE UNDERSKIRT To wear with it & they work great together.


Love love love love LOVE this dress!! The material is so soft and definitely higher quality than what I thought I'd receive for the price I paid. I can't wait to order more in the other prints!


More beautiful in person! Do not hesitate to order.


This is a very beautiful dress and looks exactly like the picture, although the belt is a bit long, you can just cut off the excess with scissors, it's a bit loose at the top but other than that it's very vintage and cute while accentuating your curves. I ordered a large, but started worrying it was too big (as I am a 38" bust and 5'4-5'5ft. tall) as in the reviews it stated that it ran a little large, when it arrived it also looked a little big, but when I tried it on, it fit perfectly with a little room. Very content with this purchase


Adorable dress! Fit perfectly (be sure to check their size chart when ordering- for me it was accurate). Wore it to a wedding and was comfortable all night!


The dress has a little bit of stretch to it. However, I bought an XL and probably should have purchased an 2XL. I am a 38DD and it was tight in the chest area.  It fit in the bodice and throughout the dress. The chest area was tight and sort of cutting in my underarm section. Debating if I am going to return. I just ordered another color in the 2XL and will compare the fit before I decide to return.


Beautiful dress, wore it with a petticoat for some more drama. Received many compliments, most of these vintage dresses seemed to be sized for small chested women so I did order up a size b/c of DD bust.


Fantatsic dress. Looks really great, especially with a petticoat underneath. Love the cut and construction. Very comfortable. Would buy again.


