Did not fit as expected, very small. The material was very stiff. The shape of the dress is not like the picture. It is more of a flat flare. The picture leads you to believe the flare is fan like but it is not.


I love it! I am about 5'6" and about 135-140 lbs and I ordered a medium. I went by the measurements they provided and I got a perfect fit. It's a little heavier material than I was expecting, but still great.


Adorable for 50s party. Circle skirt worked well with petticoat. Slightly stretchy material was comfortable. Just below knee.  Pretty high waisted-almost empire-Aline.


First of all I ordered according to the sizing chart and it is still two or three sizes too small. Can't tell which because I can't even get it passed my shoulders.  Second the fabric is so thin that you can see through it, I can't imagine anyone wanting to wear this in public.


NOT AS EXPECTED.  I WISH I COULD RETURN IT.


The material was really nice and the dress fit perfectly. Being bigger in the chest, and skinnier in the waist I have a really hard time finding fitted dresses for my body without buying stretchy fabric.


Even though I returned it because an class was too big, I still loved it and will buy it again. Quality product 100%


This dress is very beautiful. I'm quite curvy and it fits as expected. Thanks to the reviewers who gave their measurements and fit, I was able to get the right size. I got an XL, and it looks just as pictured.


I'm 5'3, 170 pounds  36DDD, waist 38, hips 44, so got a size 12 based on the reviews (thank you reviewers). I wear size 12 pants.


It's a cottony material with no kind of sheen ot it, and it does not stretch. It was a little snug at the bust area (36DDD) and waist. Arm holes were comfortable. Not too tight. Dress fell just below my knees.


It has a zipper in the back, looks hidden.


Zipper closes quite well. It was a little hard to zip up when I got to bust level.


Check out my pictures for fit and length. Very decent length. Can take to church or wedding.


I am so happy this dress worked out size wise. I'm never a solid 1 size person. I'm 5'9, 200lbs, large chest area, I ordered the XXL, it fit perfectly! I normally wear a size 16 dress that I usually have to take in a little, and this XXL is pretty close to a 16. I'm going to order all the prints! LOVE!!


LOVE this dress. It has the perfect A-line and hits nicely in all the right places!


I am 5'6", 150 lb, 34D, and a somewhat hour glass shape (34, 29-30, 36-38). The top is snug but not tight (I like it that way) and the waist is a little loose on me (this happens a lot to me as my breasts are larger than a person with my size waist (when it comes to uniform small, medium, and large sizes). The arm holes are comfortable and not too tight (which I was worried about) and the waist stretches so when I sit i'm not uncomfortable at all. All-in-all this dress is perfect for business or a night out. I did not buy the petticoat and I like the way it hangs without it, though if I wanted to dress it up for an evening cocktail party I would wear the petticoat. The fabric has a sheen to it, which dresses it up a little.


Side note: Make sure you have an iron handy because this dress will wrinkle and will take a while to iron because of the fullness of the skirt.


If you're looking for a simple, always in style midi dress, you've found it. I'm going to buy more colors once I decide which ones I want :)


