Dress fits except in length where it's too long. But I'm not of average height, so it's not horrible. What concerns me is the disclaimer on the removable tag.. It says something along the lines of not to wear it in the sun for a prolonged period. Which is kind of annoying especially as it was specifically intended for an outdoor wedding. So two stars. I wish I could return it but I bought it ahead of time, a few months ago and just got around to reviewing it.  I was drawn to the tag by cousin who bought a dress for the same designer, with the same disclaimer. How are you going to make a dress that can't be worn in the sunlight?!


I bought this dress to wear to a formal dinner party and I love it. I paired it for the event with 


 and 


. I was getting compliments all night.


The dress fits great. I have a larger bust which makes some clothing difficult to wear because my top size doesn't necessarily match my waist / hips, but this dress actually had a little room to move around comfortably. There was no digging into my shoulders or armpits, but it still wasn't a boxy fit.


The colors are as bright as they are in the product listing. The fabric is very comfortable and I didn't experience any itchiness or scratchiness. The dress comes with a skinny belt that I opted not to wear because they tend to cut my stomach in half in an unflattering way. The dress still looks great without it; I would be more likely to get a chunkier belt to accentuate the fit and flare.


Without a petticoat, the dress has a much less dramatic flare than in the photos which is still flattering; I think it would be suitable for more dressy casual events. The petticoat gave the flare from the photos, but it does make the back of the dress ride up a little bit when sitting down; however, the side of the dress fully covered my lap and smoothed down over the side of my chair so I didn't have to worry about anything showing that I didn't want showing. Definitely be mindful to smooth it down in the back as you sit!


Overall, I'm super pleased with this purchase. I will definitely come back for more colors in the future.


I bought 2 styles of this dress: F-33 (black with colorful flowers) and F-14 (light blue with flowers). The black with flowers was a satiny material and shiny. The colors really pop on the dress, but I was turned off by the shiny fabric. The light blue with flowers was cotton material and very feminine. It has pretty details with butterflies and birds that I didn't notice in the picture before I bought it. Very pretty for a wedding!


Since I am plus size, I bought 2 sizes because I was unsure of the fit, but the fit was right on with the size chart provided in the pictures.


In the packages, I only received 3 of the 4 belts, but I plan on returning 3 of the dresses. The belt is very cheaply made, and while it did fit, I ended up using one of my own belts.


The light blue with flowers was VERY wrinkled when I took out of the package and took me about an hour to iron it. The black with flowers was a little wrinkled and would need some light ironing, but I was returning that style so I only tried it on.


Overall, I really liked both dresses and wish I could keep both styles, but I only needed 1 dress for the occasion I was attending.


I love-love-love this dress. The styling and pattern is fresh and pretty, it fits well, and while the fabric is not expensive or anything particularly great, it's comfortable and wears and washes well. It was also a great price, so I don't feel I have to worry about it too much, which is a relief, because I obsess over getting anything on my more expensive pieces and either don't wear them as much or fuss over them so much that it takes a little bit away from whatever I'm actually doing. This is easy and casual enough to throw on with a cute pair of flats and get on my way while looking so much prettier than casual pants and a t-shirt. It can also be dressed up with heels for a night out. Excellent purchase!


Beautiful! Beautiful Dress..wore this dress to church, got so many compliments it was hard to keep a tally on the amount of compliments that I received. I am a plus size woman and believe me this dress "rock". I chose the dress based on the reviews that I read and am extremely satisfied with my selection.  Good quality fabric ! modest length which falls slightly below the knees.Bold black print against white background, as seen in the picture. Good fit..a few tacks here and there but no major alteration needed. I wore this dress with a black petticoat..SIMPLY FABULOUS ! I LOVE THE DRESS!.


25/10/16..I just had to edit my review...after wearing the dress I had to launder it by hand, the dress was stained with red dirt as it rained terribly,so deep were the stains I was forced to use bleach to remove some spots on the white area by blocking the black pattern ..Surprise ! the black didn't bleed on the white, I scrubbed fabric against fabric even using a washing brush at times..my dress is still brand new..WOW ! A great durable product reasonable priced ! What a great buy! Thanks !


I love this dress. It's really cute and comfortable. It also has a little bit of stretch, a little give is always appreciated. The only problem I have with this dress is that it wrinkles pretty badly. I steamed this and then ran over the bottom with an iron but by the end of my commute to work it was all wrinkle city. Lol


Also the belt kind of sucks because there isn't another loop to hold the excess in place. It kind of just dangles which looks terrible.


Absolutely gorgeous!!!  While I'm a bonafied online shopping addict, I'd never purchased clothes from Amazon so I was skeptical about the fit and overall quality.  I went out on a limb and bought this last minute---yeah for Amazon Prime---to wear to my sororities annual Mother Daughter Tea.  It fit very true to size based on the measurements,  it also has a bit of stretch which added to the overall comfort of the dress.  I added a petticoat to give it just the perfect amount go "poof".  This dress was an absolute hit!!  I received tons of compliments.


I bought a second one after my first purchase because it looked nice on me. The dress is really flattering and is work appropriate for me for a much cheaper price than most dresses. The fabric is pretty cheap, and I noticed how easy it is to pull a thread out of place (so if you have dogs be careful they dont jump on you while wearing the dress) but since the price is half as much as most dresses I find that are work appropriate, I dont really mind buying a couple extras. Dont expect to be handing these dresses down to your kids or wearing them for the next 20 years, but they work great for me.


Full disclosure-I loved this dress. I purchased the white/black polka dot/red rose dress. I wore it without washing and it fit perfectly and looked amazing. I washed it this morning(on it's own cold wash delicate cycle with a dye-free laundry detergent) and all of the beautiful red flowers have bled in to my pristine white background. The photos don't do the damage justice, the dress is now splotchy pink. This is the second dress I have purchased with the first having been through multiple washes with no bleeding whatsoever. I am absolutely crushed.


That being said, I do have another dress loaded in my cart...just no red/white.


This dress is fabulous, I purchased it for my 11 years old daughter's award ceremony and it was the bomb! I bought a small, since she's a lot busty for her age and it was perfect. I paired it with a red petticoat and red belt and mwaah it rocked.


