This dress is exactly like the picture. It is very comfortable and flattering. A little big, but not too much.


You found a new addict...I have several Lindy Bop dresses and have raived about them, the only issue I had was the size... small was too tight and the medium hung on me, I always had to get them taken in...adding to the cost, and they still didnt fit "just right"... This dress was perfect, like it was made for me. I am buying more. I am 5'2, 127lbs, 36-27-39...I ordered a medium and it was perfect.


Oh my goodness, this is a pretty dress with a vintage looking floral pattern-after returning two other dresses to other vendors, I was prepared to be disappointed, but not this time. The fit is good, but as Xtra small I will still need to alter a bit, but it's worth it at the price. I'm planning on wearing it to an early spring wedding. Beautiful material, just love the vintage 50's feel.


Gorgeous  dress.. I'm 5' 11' tall, 180 pounds , small chest and  32 inches  around  my waist.. ordered  a large,  fits great , just a little big on the waist but  can be fixed easily just by adding a belt. Very beautiful. Mine didn't  come with a belt.  Can't  wait to wear it on my husband's graduation.  I highly  recommend  this product,  you won't  regret


I love love love this dress. I immediately ordered a second one. I am 5'6'' 230lbs and wear a size 18 and XL. I used the size chart and ordered a 2x plus. It is a bit roomy and the belt is way too big, but it is comfortable and well constructed. I absolutely love it. The material is a bit more green than the blue that shows up on my computer, but I expected that from other reviews. I highly recommend this dress.


this fit perfectly!! and things never fit perfectly so this is so awesome! i would also get it with the petticoat underskirt and it'll give you the whole package!


Love how the dress looks. Fabric is actually pretty sturdy feeling. Top/chest was a bit small but fit perfectly elsewhere. Wore this dress out to cirque de soliel and received multiple compliments. The dress also just made me feel pretty which most women could use a dress that does that


I love the design of this dress but the breast and arm area are a bit small and noticeable. I refuse to be uncomfortable so unless I can figure out how to have this dress taken out without ruining it I wont be able to wear it and enjoy the beauty of.


My daughter wanted this for her birthday. It arrived promptly, and was beautiful on her.


Fits as exactly as the size chart shows, so I would recommend that you measure yourself then match it up with the size chart to ensure that you get the size for you! GREAT QUALITY of the clothing a little stretch in it but not enough to make it look cheap at all. I really really loved this dress and it came very fast!


