I bought this really hoping to love it, as I love vintage clothing. Unfortunately, though it fit well for the size recommended, it wasn't as I was expecting and cut me a bit short in the waist. I ended up returning all of them. Beautiful skirt though, good quality fabric.


Material is surprisingly thick which is good. Like most of my dresses I will have it altered so the waist fits perfectly. The skirt is extra full because you are expected to put a petticoat under it and give it some volume. I will have my seamstress take a bit of material out of the skirt when she's altering the waist. For $25 it's a good deal and will be a great dress once altered.


I absolutely LOVE this dress! I wore it to work and people kept asking me where I got it. I did not wear a petticoat underneath it... I didn't feel like it needed it since the fabric is a nice heavy material. I am normally a size XL but I bought a size XXL just to be sure and it fit wonderfully. I am 5'6" and the dress hit below my knees. I loved this dress so much that I bought two more today! A girl can never have too many dresses! <3


I actually returned this dress because I am extremely short and very top heavy, I felt like the large skirt and high neckline made me look much shorter than I actually am. However, I will say the fabric is a dream. The crimson color was really gorgeous and the fabric is nice and thick. Really it was just lovely, only my body shape kept me from liking this silhouette on me.


Waist is not stretchy, so if you're hoping to be able to squeeze in this like I was, don't count on it. Also the belt is really bad and the buckle broke as soon as i tried to fasten it.


REALLY cute dress, really sad it didn't work for me. But if you can fit it, go for it. Just don't expect belt to be good.


Garment is beautifully made.  Fabric is great... better than expected.  Looks to be a Poly-Cotton Blend ... again I love the fabric.  The only thing that i have to complain about is the length.  I wish it would have been a more traditional modest length.  I  am 5' 10" and It fits right above my knee.  Wish it was as the picture shows or have an option to buy extra material to make adjustments.  Can't complaint much the Dress is great for the price.


I love this vintage dress.  It looks best without the skinny belt. I added the petticoat as well.


This dress is fantastic! I ordered a size up because my measurements are exactly the same as what was listed for a medium and I didn't want to be squeezed in like a sausage. It's a little loose on me in the top and waist, but because it has a belt it doesn't matter at all.


The quality is great for the price, too.


My only complaint is that the belt doesn't have a loop for the end to go in, so the extra just flops around. I'm going to have to rig something myself to fix the issue.


Also, the package had water in it when I opened it up, so the dress smells a little musty. I'm going to have to wash it before I wear it for sure.


I found this to be a well made dress. The material has some give, you cannot see through it, the material is actually nicer than I expected considering the dress was only $29.99. I am 5’7”, 160lbs and purchased size L, it fits perfect!  I can’t wait to wear it !! It is a really nice looking dress. I purchased a white petticoat to go under just to make the skirt flare out.


I used the size chart to find the right size. That was a joke. The dress is way too small. I couldn't even zip it up all the way and the waist line was nowhere near my waist.Looks good on the picture not so much in real life.


