Fits perfectly, I'm normally about a size 10 and fairly broad chested and got the large. I like that it has some elastic to it so it makes it fit great. I wore this to a wedding this weekend and even bought the petticoat to wear underneath but ended up wearing it without. It still looked great. I will probably buy another pattern soon. You really can't go wrong with this style and shape. It's a great dress for all occasions.


The zipper is a little stiff, but that's better than it being the opposite. The belt is also REALLY ridiculously long, but again that's better than the opposite. I am rather thick at 5 foot nothing and 160lbs and 36D bust and it fits me PERFECTLY. I'd love it shorter, but I can always fix that myself (AGAIN, better than the opposite).


I bought the blue with white polka dot dress in small for my daughter for Easter.  She is 5' 2" and 112lbs and the dress fit perfectly.  The fabric is nice and the dress seems very well made.  The belt is a cute addition.  I bought 


 in small to go underneath.  It gives the dress a nice poof.  She isn't wearing the petticoat in the picture.


I love love love this dress and the length is good for me, even though I'm 4'11". But, even though I followed their size chart, it's too small across the bust (a problem I NEVER have. Lol.) What the heck? I exchanged for a size up than my measurements & hope it's not too big everywhere else. We'll see. Wearing with the little crinoline is fun & dresses it up, but not totally necessary. I won't wear the slip to the more subdued events.


This dress is gorgeous.


I'm 5'8" 225 lb 40 DDD


It fit perfectly. Just follow the size chart. The only thing is that I am going to hem it up a couple inches. It is a little longer than I had expected.


Other than that, stitching seems strong. Colors are bright and vibrant. I got the white floral one.


I also bought a petticoat to fill it out underneath and that looks great too.


I would definitely buy this in another design/print.


Material is fine, stitching seems ok, nice full shirt but makes me look bigger than I am or pregnant, ordered a large and its a bit small in the chest/shoulder area (I'm 5,7", 160, 36D), came balled up in a bag, NO belt included (returned??). I absolutely love the style/print (lemon) and it's heartbreaking to have to return. Thankful for free return...Still undecided. I'm going to give it another try on. (One star for no belt, falsely advertised) What a disappointment!


I absolutely LOVE this dress! I want one in every color/pattern! The dress was packaged very beautifully. The quality of the material and sewing is beyond amazing for the price. Definitely 5 stars! I am 5ft exactly, 155lbs and a vary is chest size up to a 36DD (I breastfeed). I highly recommend this dress for anyone looking for something sophisticated, classy and beautiful!


We ordered these dresses for a derby themed event. Sizes ordered were XL, 2XL, Small, and medium. All fit perfectly! Quality for the price is great! We did add petticoats to our dresses which made them look much better! Only complaint is that the waistline is a little short. I wear a jean size 34 in a low rise jean, chest is a 36D/38C and the 2XL fit all areas as described in the measurement chart. The fabric had some give in it.


Great dress, especially for the price! Looks and fits exactly right. I'm 5'7'', 140 pounds, 34D, and the medium fits like a glove. It will be perfect for work, and with some crinoline underneath, it will be great for weddings or a fun summer look!


This dress makes me feel so feminine and pretty!!! I ordered 4 dresses and this is one of my favorites!!! It looks good with or without a slip... I ordered 2 petticoats. One white, the other black. It looks great with either one. My Granddaughter wants one in her size as well. I ordered a large and it fit just right. I recommend this to anyone who likes this style dress. It compliments me in all the right places and my husband was tongue tied when he saw it on me!!! Written by (Monte's other half)


