I bought this dress for my daughter who is almost six feet tall.  It is a bit short on her but otherwise fits so nice.  It is absolutely darling on her!  Another dress that is fantastic for reasonable price.


This dress was nicer than I expected.  The blue color has run into the white some with washing.  It's not that noticeable and I still wear it.  I ordered my usual size and it fit perfectly


It was really long on me and SUPER tight on boobs.  I am 5'3 and a DD.  I could not get it over my boobs.


Way too tight.  Cute dress but because it is so snug I feel like a sausage.  Pretty colors.


I love love love this dress.  The skirt is very full so a tulle petticoat works well. I got so many compliments on this dress with their Rose Red Petticoat and plan on wearing it whenever I can. I will say that it fits a tiny bit snug, really just enough to "hold you in". So beware if you are between sizes.


ITS ADORABLE AND I LOVE IT!!!! I would wear this dress all day every day if I could. It fits almost perfectly. I put a black petticoat under it and the skirt looks fantastic. It's winter and I'm still wearing it. I add some tights and a throw. I love this dress. I got so many compliments the first time I wore it. I can't sing the praises enough. Ironing is a must but this dress is worth it. I'm planning on buying others like it!


The dress was absolutely beautiful; however, was too small for me. I am 5'2", 165 lbs and I couldn't get it past my shoulders. So just order 1-2 sizes larger. The dress runs pretty small. They didn't have my larger size so didn't reorder.


Gorgeous. The dress is stunning. The quality is great. It doesn’t feel scratchy by any means. I ordered a petticoat to go underneath it for that full skirt look. I haven’t worn it out yet since I purchased it for a bbq/graduation party for my sibling in June. But everyone I’ve showed pictures to loved it!


Should've ordered a size bigger but it fits and it's absolutely gorgeous. I'm pretty curvy and it is extremely flattering. Belt fits very well, would be surprised if it didn't though because it has a lot of belt hole doohickeys.


It's a beautiful dress for my wife it fit little tight but she like it


