I love this dress! I wore it for my engagement photoshoot. Make sure you iron it before you wear it!


It's a teensy bit looser in the bust than I wanted but I just wear a push up bra. The skirt has oodles and oodles of fabric so when you twirl you get a beautiful flow. Wore it out swing dancing with butt shorts cuz all that fabric will spin and show off your booty. But the dress is the most flowy thing in my closet and I've worn it 3 times already!


Oh and if you're a good like me, there's a matching men's shirt on Amazon.


Awesome! Packaging: dress came pretty wrinkly so prepare for that. They provided very specific cleaning details via email. Buying clothes online is kind of hard, but I'm glad i took the lil risk. Saw complaints about the belt on here, but it's cute and works like a accessory belt so idk. Wore it for a wedding, got a lot of compliments. I wore a poof underskirt which was great. Would recommend it, but i didnt necessarily need it. Roomy up top for me, but should be good for bustier folks and didn't affect the outfit negatively for me either. 3x, 5'7.


Love this dress!  Had to order a 2X because I'm VERY large chested (38I).  It fit well all around - just a little big in the shoulders.  I've taken it to a seamstress to pinch them up about an inch.  The fabric has a little stretch and is a nice thick cotton.  Rcvd many compliments.  Wore it w the


BAOMOSI Women's 50s Vintage Petticoat Skirts black crinoline, which gave it a little more bounce in the skirt.  Also used a thicker elastic belt ins/of the thin one that comes w the dress.


WOW - too small, too short.  Cute idea with the belt, but I couldn't zip the dress so it went back.


This is not a Grace Karin Dress! Product label confirms it. The material is awful, like a rice sack. Do not buy this dress.


I love the dress, I am so glad I ordered it! I'm always skeptical ordering online because I'm extremely picky but I don't regret this one bit.  I'm 4'11" and the dress is a little below my knees, I bought a black petticoat to hide under it. Probably would have been fine without it but it gives it such a nicer look. Now I want to buy other styles! 100% worth it. The material is nice and fit is perfect. I'm not a curvy woman, but this style of dress gives me somewhat of a shape. I got this dress last minute and I got it in two days, awesome! Now I can go to my party in a pretty dress. I'll be a returning customer!


I was worried about ordering a dress off of Amazon, but I am so glad that I did.  I am a big gal, size 18-20 and 5'9, so I ordered a 2x and it fits like it was custom made for me. Very high quality compared to some other clothing items that come from China.  It is swishy and lovely.  I will definitely be ordering some of the other colors and patterns in this dress.


I ordered F14-the black floral.  This one is made of a silk like material as the others are cotton.  I love it and can't wait to wear it.


Love this dress. I read the reviews prior to purchasing and decided to go with XS instead of small and it fits perfectly. Everyone loves the ways it fits me. I'm also considering getting another one in a different color.


Decent quality. The fabric feels kinda cheap, but you can't tell by looking at it. I got quite a few compliments on it. Washed it once so far and the colors didn't bleed or fade. I bought a different belt because the one that came with the dress just doing it for me.


