Adorable and classy! Love the fit, love the feel of the fabric, it breathes nicely in the southern heat and humidity. I'm going to buy more patterns and colors. Skirt was nice and full, tapers in exactly as I wanted at the waist.


Every thing is fine. Don't expect the print to be same as in picture. Print patter changes but whole flowering colors and design is same.


Based on the sizing chart, I would have needed to order a dress 2 sizes larger than normal.  I did and I was swimming in it, and returned it, ordered my normal size and it fits perfectly!  I love the dress, and will wear it all the time now that I have the proper size!


I love this dress!  It fits well and is true to size. Well constructed, nice finish around the neck and arm areas. I have purchased 2 other colors and will


definitely purchase again.


I received the dress quickly and absolutely love it! It was packaged beautifully, the material feels high quality, and it fits perfectly. I loved it so much I ordered another one with a different pattern and received it in one day. Great company!


This dress is so pretty and great quality! I'm 5'2 and 105lbs not to mention a smaller in the chest area and I got a small, it fits okay but it needs to be altered because it's baggy. Make sure you're really careful ordering or at least prepared!! Otherwise I love this dress and it goes great with a crinoline


Bought it for my mom she looked amazing in this dress


Only problems were that it wrinkles very easily and it picks up lint quickly


What a bargain! Inexpensive. Very nice fit and quality lot better than expected.


Looks great in pictures ../pitiful in real life ...dress way too small ..Cannot be washed has to be dry cleaned ...not worth it ...good for one or two wears only ...no room for breast


I am 5'2. ;25in hips;117lbs usually wear a size small and it fit right to size and it's comfy. The belt actually fits and still have 2 extra holes on the belt to use! Really good product a little wrinkled arriving but otherwise great!


