This is the second Grace Karin dress that I ordered.  I also have the white one with black polka dots and red roses. I love that one and it fit perfectly.  It was "the advertised" cotton with spandex.  Somehow, I expected to have the same experience when I ordered a second dress.  This black flowered dress was significantly smaller despite ordering the same 2XL size.  I couldn't even zip it AND the material was horrible.  It was that thick cheapo polyester fabric.  Even if it had fit, I would be sending in back because of the material!  Very dissatisfied.  I like the first one so much I am considering ordering a another color but I am hesitant.  Thankful for Amazon easy returns.


I bought this dress as incentive to lose weight and tone up my arms.  Almost finished with my work in progress and the dress arrived!  It is so nice, I can't believe how little I paid for it.  This dress is exactly what I would have purchased at the department store.  The fabric is not thin cotton, but sort of a polished cotton with a nice sheen.  It is not see-through, although it is white.  I expected to throw the belt out and get a nicer one, but even the belt is good quality...sort of a faux suede.  If I were you, I would buy this dress.  If I didn't already also have a pink gingham one like it, I would buy another!


To make it sweet and simple, I have a wide ribcage and shoulders, and I'm a bigger girl (5'6" and about 175), not a nice combination--stuff like this is a treasure hunt to find.


Like some other reviews have said, the hem sits above my natural waist or this dress would've fit alright. The shoulders were also tight for me, which doesn't help the prior problem. Every other part of the dress is fine, even a little loose. I was within the measurements, and after seeing bigger women wearing an XL just fine, I was happy and I thought I'd be safe. In the end I was about an inch from it getting zipped just below my shoulder blades without strain. I think I'll keep the dress and just work on toning up my back muscles, and see if I can slide myself into it later (I'm not the best seamstress and I don't feel comfortable messing with it). I'd intended to wear it on valentine's day, but sadly that isn't going to pan out.


If you don't have these issues, I'm sure the dress will fit you just fine, however. The material is nice for the price (paid $27 at the time), and the print is lovely. 3 stars because of my personal experience. Outside that, the dress was lovely.


I would also advise getting a petticoat if you do purchase it for the poof, the skirt's a tad droopy without.


I'm busty so I ordered a 2x to make sure my girls fit. It was a little loose in the boob department, but it worked well for church. I also brought the petticoat, made the dress pop more


GUYS. I know that being a Bacon Queen in Japan is a REALLY specific situation, but I believe that with the variety of colors and patterns offered with this dress, you can be the belle of the ball in ANY event! (Dress: size M  ...  Me: 5'6, 145 lbs)


Pattern: I was fortunate enough to be the Bacon Queen at a Bacon Festival in Japan, and I had so many compliments from our bacon crew as well as Japanese festival goers! The pattern was reminiscent of an Arizona sweet tea can, and that was PERFECT for the festival's vibe. It was elegant, but fun, and "so cute!" as I was told time and time again.


Kid-friendly: At a kid friendly event, it was very important for me to have a dress that was modest, but super cute! I was able to pick up children, hold them on my lap, and squat down to give out hugs without ever feeling like I was in danger of flashing someone--both my cleavage and my booty. Not only that, but I was ABLE to squat down. Have you ever had a dress where you are physically unable to lift your arms or bend far enough down to put on your shoes? Not this dress!


Petticoat:  After reading other reviews and seeing the "frequently bought with..." at the bottom of the page, I chose to add the petticoat, and it really took the look to the next level! I don't know how to say it other than it went from being a pretty dress to a princess dress with that petticoat.


The fit: The fit was as expected. I am always more likely to get something just a tiny bit bigger than expected because I am a creature of comfort and  hate having to suck my gut in if I go for a "just a little too small" size. That being said, the material does have a little bit of stretch to it--not "stretchy", but you could totally rock a half-size smaller if you wanted to! Looking back, I may have opted for a small rather than the medium (I am 5'6 and 145 lbs) because the waist could be a tiny bit more fitted on me.


I'll be honest, I don't know how frequently I'll wear this dress on a "casual" basis, but for the event that I DID wear it... Man. It was perfect! And for the price, I don't think you'll find a better option.


Purchased this dress for my daughter who wanted a 50's style dress for the father daughter dance. Used the size chart and dress fit her perfectly. I did purchase a petticoat to give it the poof it needed.


It's adorable in person! It fits very well. I'm 5'1" and 36D and the large comes right to my knees. Flares out a little bit with a petticoat, but still looks nice without.


I love this dress. I'm 5-3 and 155 and ordered a large. It's a good thick material.


I wore this dress in an XL size for my baby shower. It fit perfectly! I didn't wear the belt with it because I didn't see a need. Because I was able to fit it as a maternity dress at 8 months pregnant in two sizes larger than I usually wear it may run big. Good quality fabric and beautiful prints. I got a lot of compliments and no one believed it was from Amazon!


The pattern of the dress I received was not at all like the description. And the tag on the inside is in Chinese, not Grace Karin. All the reviews I read said to order a size up. So I did. Now granted I'm large chested, but I cannot get the dress over my bosom. I'm very disappointed. I looked at this dress for weeks before ordering and finally after reading and rereading the reviews, I did.


