I adore this dress. I know the fit descriptions can be confusing so I'll put as much fit info here as I can. Use the measurements that are included as an image in the product images from the manufacturer, not the dropdown sizing from Amazon as a reference point. I ordered a 2XL in this dress and I'm about a size 14-16 normally, typically more like a 14 in dresses. My bra size is 32G-34F depending on brand. I may have been able to get away with one size down but it might have been a little snugger than I prefer. It had a little room but it certainly didn't look ill-fitted or mis-sized. The material is fairly heavy (in a good way, as in not flimsy) satin-y cotton feeling. The print is lovely, I really felt fabulous in this dress and I'm tempted to buy it in more colors and fabrics. I wore it with a petticoat as I was going to a wedding, but for less formal events you could certainly also wear it without.


Fit perfectly!! Was great for a tea party theme bridal shower.


Beautiful! I'm 5'1" and 106 lbs - ordered a small.


Perfection!! 40-35-42 and 175lbs Ordered an XL and it's perfect!


I am impressed with the quality of the fabric, other reviewers said it was heavy but I think its a nice medium weight cotton, cannot see thru it but not hot either, would be fine for any season.  My only 'issue' is that on one seam you can see the selvage marks, but with the full skirt it is not noticable at all.  It irons well and did not wrinkle excessively after sitting all evening at a wedding.  I am 5' 4.5" tall, 126 lb, and wear a size 6/8 and am small busted, it fit perfectly using a push-up bra (would fit a med size bust well but probably too tight for a very large busted person.).  It is really a pretty dress, and for the price even better!  Underneath I wore a simple white slip, and the skirt fell beautifully to just barely cover my knees, which is a flattering length for most people. The black belt is long, but has a suede-like finish which is nice.


The price on this dress was a a great buy so to be honest I didn't expect it to be all that great.  Boy was I pleasantly surprised by the quality and the fit of the dress.


I an a big curvy girl 5'2 and 38DD with a bust measuring about 43", waist 38" about 195lbs. I got a 3X and it hit below the knee and gave extra room.  The material is thick and the pattern is gorgeous!  It's so flowy that you don't need a peticoat however I will wear one next time. I loved this dress so much I already bought another one.  I tried a 2X and it hit to the middle of my knee and the fit was very snug so I'll be going back to a 3X to get the look I want. Over all I HIGHLY recommend this dress but just make sure you buy it from grace Karen otherwise the quality is not there with other sellers


I love this dress and style! The fabric has some stretch to it which makes it very nice when sitting or wearing a petticoat with it. It comes with a thin black belt however I added a wide elastic belt in a matching color with some bling on it as the dress was just a little big on me. I am 5' 6" and the length hit just a  little below my knees. With a petticoat, also purchased on Amazon, the skirt flared beautifully. Received many complements on the outfit at the Derby Party!


In love.  Is a beaitiful gorgeos dress ❤️


I have purchased a few of these Grace Karin tea dresses with great success.  They fit perfectly and the fabric were all high quality.  Unfortunately that was not the case with the Floral-21 style.  It just arrived in the mail and I'm debating just throwing it in the garbage.  Not only is it paper thin, but it is a size too small.  The print is the same as pictured, but the material is terribly cheap.  It was sent from China and took quite some time to arrive, so I could just imagine it would be more of a hassle to return.


LOVE this dress. Wore it with a red petticoat and red belt. Got TONS of compliments. https://www.amazon.com/Dressystar-Vintage-Rockabilly-Petticoat-Underskirt/dp/B00XHR9JHI?th=1


I'm 5' 5" and 135lbs and the dress fit comfortably, if a little big. Our coarse I'm slouching in the pic...


