Really cute and great quality!!!  It runs big, though.  Going by the measurements in the guide, I purchased a M, but it was much too big.


Lots of compliments received on this dress, which was perfect for a summer wedding!  Added a wide, black grosgrain ribbon that really accentuated the waistline and wore it with a crinoline - felt like a princess :-).  Ordered the Large (5'6" 155 lbs) and it fit perfectly.  Not so sure how it will survive a wash as it wrinkles fairly easily, but for the price it was just what I'd hoped.


I love this dress. Fit and color is gorgeous. I removed a star because my dress was missing the belt.


I loved the dress, the material felt like it was well made, but I ordered this dress a size bigger then I usually wear and I could not even zip it!  I've since ordered it in a few different sizes and am trying to figure out which size I need.


I ordered according to my bust measurement since that is the largest part of me...the 3X plus was WAY too big!! Otherwise, it is a very well made dress and looked exactly as shown in photos. The accompanying belt, however, was way too small, so even if the dress had fit properly, I'd have to find an alternative for that.


Missed the return by date by a day, but ordered the next size smaller anyway.


Beautiful dress and quality material. I am a size 18 with 38CCC bust and ordered a 2X. The top was pretty roomy so a size smaller may have been perfect. Fantastic comfortable dress. My friend ordered the same dress in a different pattern and had the same experience with the top running a little large for a 2X.


This is a really cute dress. My daughter absolutely loves it. In an age where many girls are wearing dresses as short as they can get them, it's refreshing to be able to get something this cute. I read a review that said it would not look as nice without a crinoline underneath, but it hangs very nicely as it comes.


Read the advice to buy up 2 sizes (wear an 8/10P suit, bought an xl). Good choice, shrunk over six inches around the waist upon gentle washing per instructions. Cute, would choose a pattern that can be nice askew, as first ordered in plaid, which was poorly aligned & cheaply screenprinted to look so. The black motif on white looks quite nice. Fairly thick fabric is not too sheer.


I loved it ..it came earlier than expected with good wrapping .made out of good material with a cute black belt .. and it fits perfectly


Will order again soon <3


Wonderful quality would buy next size up next time though, it's just a little tight through the rib area.


