This dress is gorgeous! The fabric is thicker than I thought and I'll probably be melting in the summer wedding I bought this for, but it makes the skirt part drape very nicely. My only complaint is the top part is cut a little weird. There is extra loose fabric in the neck area but then it's very tight across my boobs and shoulders. I don't want to size up though because then it would be too loose around my waist so I'll just make do. It doesn't look terrible, it just could be more comfy. To be fair I have broad shoulders & 32 DD boobs though, so someone less chesty and finer boned would probably not have the same issue.


This dress fits me perfectly. It hangs just below the knees, and makes for an incredibly attractive yet modest dress. I modeled for a retro-inspired racing event and wore this with a red petticoat underneath and a red scarf, and everyone loved it and thought it looked wonderful.


The material is relatively heavy and the loops for the belt are literally just string loops, which I think is the only negative of this dress, as I'm worried they will snap eventually. The zipper is sturdy and the print is only on the outside of the dress.


Overall great and an amazing deal considering the price. I will probably be buying more dresses from this brand.


I loved it!  Fit perfectly and the length was great which is usually a problem for me since I'm only 5'1.  I added a layered petticoat for more fullness in the skirt.


Super disappointed!  I ordered this adorable dress for my daughters middle school dance, and this is clearly NOT the dress that came to me.  Wrong size, wrong color, wrong style!  We are really bummed- the dress we received was green with flowers, had a collar, and buttons down the front, and it was tiny- like for a baby.


The belt is way too big for the dress but otherwise I love the dress


Love this style and how puffy and gorgeous the dress is. The measurements are very consistent between the dresses, so you don't have to worry that buying multiple dresses in different colors will all have different fits. I have bought this dress in about 5 different colors now and love them all. This one did come with a messed up zipper so I have to return it, but I will definitely reorder it and keep ordering this until I have it in ever color.


These dresses are amazing for the price. Very flattering, nicely packaged, quality material, so affordable. I'm a plus-size girl who doesn't have a large chest, so the top part is a little baggy. I'm having a couple of alterations done to shorten up the straps and a tuck under the arms. Even adding the $25 alteration, it's still a great value.


The other look-alike dresses from other brands on Amazon aren't as good. I have this one in black, and in several floral patterns. Perfect for weddings, parties, dates, and even for work with a little sweater.


I love this dress--I've bought 3 in different colors. I am sending one back due to the fact that it is the wrong size. It's labeled a 2x, but I believe it is not plus as the other dresses fit perfectly. I will reorder and hope they get it right this time.


Upping the stars to 5: I returned the dress that didn't fit and the company sent the correct size. They have 2 different lines and I believe the other dress just got the wrong label. As a matter of fact, it looked like it had been returned before.


I'm 5'4", 129 pounds, 36D on top.  I normally wear a size medium to large on top (hate things tight so tend to buy large even if medium would fit), and size 4 bottoms.  I bought this dress in a large because, as I already said, I don't like things tight.  I love this dress and have received many compliments when wearing the dress.  I could have fit into a medium, no problem, but I like the extra roominess and because of the flare, it doesn't appear too large.  Great quality, especially for the price.


Great material, thick and sturdy with a little give.


Great cut and length, about knee length, waisted perfectly.


I wear this dress pretty much anywhere I please, I always look qell presented yet not overly dressed. I usually pair it with a cartigan, the various colors in the dress give me plenty of options, and I never get bored of the combinations!


I get tons of compliments in this dress, and its one of my more comfortable tea dresses!


If this review was helpful please click on the helpful button. I just like to know I'm making your purchasing easier and I want to make sure I'm leaving useful information. :)


