The best dress ! Everyone loved it


Soooo pretty, fits beautifully! May buy a fluffy petticoat for different looks! I’m in love and ready to by more! I’m 5’7 and 140 and the Medium is perfect....almost tailored, that how perfect it fit!


I really like this dress. I was looking for something that wasn't a dark color which would be appropriate for a teacher. This dress is it. It's a good length and a really pretty color. It definitely was what I was looking for. The dress fits really well. I typically don't like wearing dresses because of the way they fit, but this one is really flattering. It's cut very well and looks cute, yet professional. My only complaint is that it is not a very comfortable material. I washed it which made the material feel better but it's not an extremely comfortable dress. It's not unwearable or itchy, but it isn't a soft material. Besides washing it before you wear it, I would suggest possibly ironing the skirt.


Posting with my husband's account LOL. I love love love this dress! Spun around soooo much! It fit perfectly. I added a petticoat to get some flooff!


Usually wear a medium but I looked at the measurements and it said I should get a small. The small is perfect on me! Great Dress, has a little stretch its soo important to me! (Received a lot of compliments).


I was a little wary when I ordered this because rarely do I order clothes online and they end up fitting me. I typically wear a Large (I normally range between size 10-14 US Women's) so out of caution, I sized up on this and went for the XL. When I first pulled the dress out of the package it looked like it might be too snug around the bust, BUT THIS DRESS FITS LIKE A GLOVE. I want one in every color and pattern!


This dress is amazing! Flattering and size is true to label, which I have had issue with lately with dresses I have purchased on Amazon.


My friend absolutely loved this dress when she saw it online but because she's really curvy, her tiny waist was not able to fit. It was really loose around the middle. It was really tight around her chest and it came a bit high(was riding up) considering she has really big breasts and a huge butt and hips. It fit me fine me being flat chested no butt and no waist :)


Great deal. Amazing dress, fit as expected  (Size 1X) and is very flattering. I am going to purchase more as I'm thoroughly impressed. Make sure to take your measurements, then follow the size chart from the manufacturer and you can't go wrong.


This is the first dress i have worn in about six years. I'm a plus sized lady who never cared about my body and preferred to hide it... This dress fits perfectly. I found that the added 'bulk' of a petticoat helps a lot.


Not only am i confident enough to wear this for my wedding in August, but i will be purchasing another dress to wear in the meantime.


Thank you.


