When i opened the package there was a weird oder from the dress and it was slightly sticky. When i inspected the dress i noticed there was a small rip/tear at the neckline of the dress. I usually wear a size 14/16 in jeans and a size 40DD in bra size. I ordered XL accordingly to the size chart and was i wrong. I am definitely going to return it or get a bigger size.


This dress is phenomenal. Wow it is beautiful. I bought 2 dress, so my seamstress could make a dress for my 8 month of daughter. We are going to a wedding, and i want her to match me. I also had her add sleeves to my dress, and extend the dress 4inches long. Its just beautiful.


PERFECT FIT!!! Looks GOOD ON!!


My daughter is 16 and wears a size 7/8, so we purchased the M.  It is a great fit and works well for any occasion!


Got it in blue. It was on my wishlist and my husband surprised me with it. I wore it to the opening of his Fringe show and got a ton of compliments from friends and strangers. Very flattering. I love this dress.


So cute!!!! Fits perfect.i bought for my bridal shower. I'm a size 18 normally and I purchased a XXL. I repurchased the same dress in black because I loved it so much!


The dress itself is nice and the fabric feels good too.  It's a little bit stretchy,  and not shiny.  HOWEVER. It is definitely not the length described.  Not by a long shot.  I'm 1.80m  (I think it's around 5'9) and it should go down to my  knee...  Yet,  it is VERY short.  I would return it if I could,  but I live in Argentina and I purchased it and had a friend being it over. Completely disappointed.


Fit perfectly and it is very confortablenit needs the petticoat under it (ordered a yellow one to go with the lemons) it was a hit everyone loved it and I got a ton of compliments on it!


I got this dress in 2 fabrics and I love both of them! They’re a little big around the waist but once I put a belt on I can’t tell anymore so I’m fine with that. Plus if you put a petticoat on under it takes up more room so that’s fine by me. These are so cute and hide my big thighs and backside just perfectly. Plus they aren’t too short which is great since I want to cover my thighs, not expose them. And I love that the top is modest also so I can wear them to work. Fun dresses!!


So happy that I ordered this dress! I ordered it for a holiday party I have coming up and was not disappointed. It fits perfectly, is exactly as described and is very comfortable. The belt fits well and is in perfect condition unlike some of the other reviews I read. The dress looks great with a petticoat under it. I would also wear it alone for a less formal event. I may be buying more of this dress in other colors/patterns!


