I purchased the “Silver Black 3~10mm Stainless Steel Stud Earring Plugs Tunnel Illusion Round”. This product was shipped in an envelope without other items. This was packed appropriately and arrived on time. I was impressed with the size, quality and weight of the earrings.


Pros:


- Cute and Classy!


- Bought them for the smallest size for the 2nd hole prefect size.  Could be worn in a 1st hole with the bigger earrings.


- Genuine sterling silver does not irritate my sensitive skin


- Nice quality velvet drawstring jewelry pouch in grey, appropriate for gift giving.


Cons:


- Long posts, I sleep on the side of my head and the posts poke me when laying down.  Again, another, plus/minus….


I received this product at a free or reduced cost in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. I appreciate an honest review, which I use to purchase products and strive to do the same. If my opinion changes I will update the review. I am not under any obligation to give a 5-star review and rate received products accordingly. Please let me know if my review has helped you make a decision in purchasing this product by clicking on the “YES” button below.


bought large , I wear a size 12 , this would not even fit over my hips , runs very small , a large is like a small.


The material is of good quality. The coloring is what I expected. The fabric feels light but is on the thicker side. I got an 2x based on measurements and reviews - I am a size 18 and have a dd 40 bra. The dress fits and looks beautiful however the under arms for me where a bit tight. I bought the knee length petticoat and it fills out the dress beautifully however even without it the dress is beautiful. It comes in a bag and has a slight smell but it faded after a few hours. I couldn't use the belt unless I made some extra holes. Over all I love the dress. I worry if i get a bigger size I will lose the fitting feeling though the bust.


Love it


Oddly made.  Didn't fit my perfect body. I buy offline often. It's not made right.


This was the first item of clothing that I have ever ordered from here and I was a little nervous about sizing, but holy cow it fits perfectly! It's a wonderful dress! Perfect for my bridal tea party. I wish I could give this item 5 stars, but unfortunately I didn't receive the belt that was said to come with it. Not a huge biggie, I have belts that will work with it just fine.


Too small. Returned.


This dress is DARLING. Extremely nice quality cotton, much thicker and heavier than I expected for the price. The little belt is velvet with a LOT of holes to choose from, which is nice.


However, it's a very slim fit thru the torso.


I ordered the small.... I'm 43 years old, 125 lbs and 5'4 (with a 27 inch waist and 36B bust) and this dress JUST fits. I can breath and sit and it's fine, but if I gained even three lbs it wouldn't be happening!


So if you're on the edge you might want to go up a size. My husband loves it and thinks it's very flattering :)


Way too small.  If you wear a size 18 you would need to order this in 5xl.  The fabric is cheap.


It was not the fabric I expected. It was too short and tight in the breast area. I purchased several other dresses and same model and they all fit perfectly.


