Love this dress! Followed ordering guidelines and ordered a large (typically I wear a medium) and it fits great. Took some time to iron/steam out the creases from shipping but that's to be expected. I'm going to order this in another color asap.


It's super cute, love the dress but I can't get it to zip up all the way. I usually wear a size 18 in dresses and a 3x fits like a 14. And I'm super disappointed there are no other sizes.


Love this! I bought based on other reviews and seeing smaller women and plus size women wearing it, I knew it would be great because it looked great on everyone. I am a size 10/12 and 5 foot 10. I thought it was very flattering and it went to about my knees. The material is light but was kind of hard to iron. Great for any occasion!


Absolutely perfect dress. Fit exceptionally well and the satin belt goes well with the style. I added a petticoat for a little more flare, but can be worn either way. The material is comfortable with a little give, but not stretchy. I went with a small and am happy I did.


I would totally buy this brand of dress again.  So cute.  The skirt was fluffier than I expected since I didn't buy an under skirt/slip.  You could totally give it a more 50's feel with one of those though.  Wore it to a mother/daughter tea and it fit right in with the vintage feel.


Perfect vintage look dress. I ordered my normal size and it fit perfect. I would not order a size up if you are concerned. Material is nice and stitching is great. It is very well made.


It’s a little thinner than I thought it would be and it had a lot of little strings sticking out. However, it fit great and looked good too. Wore it to an evening wedding.


Authentic Grace Karin dress - tag sewn into it as well as hanging store tag attached. Fits like a dream, washed very well (cold water, delicate, two rinses and air dry), received many compliments and looks from the opposite sex. Will purchase another one to add to my collection!


Beautiful dress! Even better than I expected. Fits a tiny bit larger than expected, but not to the point where I would get a different size.


I paired this with a 2 inch wide satin sash under bust with a Moto jacket and black boots and received sooooo many compliments !


