I just got this dress because I need some spring/summer dresses and I'm pretty impressed! It's cute, it fits pretty well, and it's definitely what I ordered. I have a hard time finding a dress that is both modest and cute and fits well. I'm usually a 2P so finding a dress that fits is so hard! This dress gets a B for fit. I am 5'3" and less than 110 lbs. I wasn't sure whether to go for a S or XS. Based on the sizing chart the XS sounded a bit small and the S sounded a bit large. Mostly it fits pretty well, but I have a bit of extra space in the bodice. Other than that, the belt is super long, so definitely don't expect to use the belt that comes with the dress. Also, note that the fabric is pretty stiff and wrinkles easily, but its not uncomfortable. It just makes swishing sounds when you move. I had to go with 4 stars just because I wasn't perfectly satisfied, but, for the price, I am definitely keeping the dress and I will enjoy wearing it!


I'm not sure if we got a knock off or what but this was not terrific quality at all. The skirt was nowhere near as full as the picture depicts and the quality itself is poor, the belt just sort of sticks out. We bought this in medium for our daughter who is 5'2", 135 pounds 35/29/39 34C. Let the pictures speak for themselves.


I loved everything about this dress! Such a great classic look. I'm very short so I was worried about the length, but it was just fine. I wore it for a Hat Tea event at my church with a petticoat to give it the full vintage flare, but it was pretty without the petticoat as well. I will definitely purchase in additional colors!


This dress arrived very quickly and was in good condition. As a couple of other reviewers mentioned, the skirt was a little wrinkled, but nothing an iron can't fix! The pattern is beautiful and it's a good length. I was in between on my measurements, but sized down (to the dress size I usually wear) and I think it was the right call, the top would have been too big if I had sized up. I didn't order the petticoat and honestly as a plus-size woman with a booty, I don't need it. It would be too poofy with one, I think. I was a little skeptical about buying this dress online, but it fits well and is a great deal! The fabric could be a little better quality, but for the price it's great!


Perfection. Well designed.


This is a nice dress, well made with good material. It is pretty stiff, no stretch. The pattern and colors are very pretty. Unfortunately I am returning because the armholes are a bit tight on my shoulders and pits and the neckline is a bit uncomfortable for me with some extra fabric. I am 5'7", 150ish lbs, 34C, I ordered a large.The bust fit well, the waist fit nicely with a little extra room, length came to just above the knee. Return was easy through Amazon.


Usually, I have to buy dresses from amazon 2-3 sizes bigger because the cut is extremely small, but this actually is true to size.  I purchased the black with multi colored flowers.  The material is light and has a satin sheen too it. I wish this dress had pockets! :(  Anyhow, unfortunately, I have to return it because as I stated, it's true to size and the size I purchased was way too big.  I have, however, ordered a different dress in my size and I am impatiently waiting for it to arrive!  I am definitely purchasing more!


Beautiful dress !!!!ordered for a friend was too big for her (2x) .I tried it on it was to tight in the bust area for me. So I gave to my mom who loves it!!! And  can fit it. Still was a little big but she was OK with it. We are short though so the dress looks long on us lol but nothing a pair of nice heels can't fix ;). I do recommend getting a Petticoat to go under the dress. My personal opinion the dress looks better with one but it's still just as pretty without. Also the belt was included which was a treat will be ordering more!!!!


So, I bought two dresses at first.  When they came, they were BEAUTIFUL!  Therefore, I bought 4 or 5 more.  I haven't washed them, so I have no idea if they bleed.  But, knowing that they COULD, helps a lot.  Either I will get one drycleaned, or I will be SUPER careful.  The material is strong, especially for a plus-size woman (to me).  I bought the 4x even though a 3x might have worked.  I am glad I did because the dress looks AMAZING on which is very important.


I am 40 years old. 34C per Victoria's Secret, but also fit 36B from stores. 5'1" tall, 122lbs. Hold my weight in my tummy. This dress is nice. It fit pretty well, except was kind of tight in the top area. I would definitely buy a medium instead if I could do it again. It flaired out decently, but if you want A LOT of flair, buy a petticoat to go under. The skirt hid my tummy pooch well. See my pic!


