This dress is so flattering. The waist  is high, so it helps hide a little belly if you've got one.  I also love that you can throw it in the washer and dryer – just pull it out of the dryer immediately and put it on a hanger so it doesn't wrinkle and it looks great! Easy to wear and easy take care of. Nice retro vibe.


This dress is beautiful and has a nice swing to it.  Normally I wear a 3x but I ordered a 4x and I'm glad I did.  This dress does run a little small so you need to get the next size up.  But all in all, it's a great dress.


This dress is gorgeous!!! I will definitely order more dresses and skirts from this company. I wear a US 14 and the XL fits perfectly, however in their skirts, I wear a large. Just follow their size chart for the correct fit. My measurements are 36DDD-31-45. I'm 5'10" 186lbs and the dress hits at my knees. Please make more colors of this dress :) Oh, the material is nice and thick too, but too thick that it'll be too hot for summer.


Collects all kind of hair/dust/etc.


I am a pretty clean person. This dress is hard to wear because it constantly looks dirty. Even right out of the wash. The cut is cute and it would look great if not for the fabric that just collects everything it comes in contact with.


Natural waist? Mmmmm, no. I know I'm long-waisted, but the "waist" of this dress is still in my ribs, and as a tall, fairly thin, busty type (5'10", 140), I can't zip it up past my lower shoulder blades. I wish it came in tall sizes, as the quality seemed quite nice, and I love the print. Sad to have to send it back.


Ordered according to the size chart. I usually am a Large in dresses, but I was an XL for this particular brand. I am 5'7 and about 150 pounds. The dress fit perfectly, and the colors are beautiful. I bought this dress to wear to New Orleans, and it was an excellent addition to my trip.


Such a beautiful dress. It looks elegant and be dressed up or down.  The material is nice and I cannot believe the quality received for such a low cost.


Got lots of compliments at both weddings I wore this too. I will likely buy another one next summer with a different pattern. A little large in the chest, but fit everywhere else perfectly.


I ordered 1-2 sizes up and it fit fairly well, the waistline was too high for my tastes and I think this is because I don't have a flat chest. The belt was too long and thin. The dress doesn't flare out like it does in the picture without a petticoat. The material wasn't the best but it was decent for the price. The event I was going to wear it to got cancelled so I'm giving this to my mom to see if she likes it any better.


I love this dress! I ordered it for a Casablanca themed party and I got endless compliments. It's comfortable, washes well and you can't beat the price. I ordered a large and it was a bit big for me but nothing a belt couldn't help fix. I plan on ordering this dress in other colors.


