I like it, it's true to size and it doesn't show wrinkles easily even though it's cotton. The problem I have is location of waistline. I'm 5'8" (which is taller than average), and this dress is made for average or shorter than average person - the waistline hits for me an inch and a half above the waist (I got size M). The skirt reaches for me just on top of the knee. If you are one of the taller ladies, try MUXXN dresses on amazon - "MUXXN Women's 1950s Retro Vintage Cap Sleeve Party Swing Dress" was the only one that fit me at the natural waist.


I really do recommend just measuring yourself because I ordered this dress wrong the first time based on other reviews. After having to ship it back I had my fiancé assist in measuring me and received the dress in the perfect size the next time around.


This dress is perfect for my 11 year old daughter who doesn't fit in kids clothes, but still wants a dress that twirls. It's a little big in the chest for her she is an A cup, but she loves it anyway


Very nice dress. (Black and white pattern) Sturdy material and looks best with the crinoline (vintage rockabilly in black) . Crinoline adds just the right lift (and isn't crazy big like in Happy Days!) .medium in both fit great. I am about 5'7 or 5'8" and 151lb. I am normally a size 8 in dresses and bra 34dd. Dress is just at the top of my knee.


Waist is slightly high and belt was included.


Bought this dress for my daughter. Love it!!! She's very skinny but long,  so we got her an x-small and it fits well, a tiny bit big on the waist but a belt will take care of that. It really is a great dress if you want something elegant and modest.


Love this dress! Perfect for a summer wedding.  I bought a petticoat to wear underneath.  I received many compliments! Very comfortable, too. So glad I bought two -- same style, different prints


I love this dress so much! I took a chance and got the small, being small chested and petite framed. It fits just right, and put the sslip on and boom, it's perfect. Shipping was incredible, two days early and it was already an expedient item, I'm so impressed. Will be buying from here again!


Great dress!!! Used for Halloween dress up but would totally use anytime.


Wore this dress to a throwback ladies luncheon and it was awesome... I got a ton of compliments.  Also this dress was easy to wash and dry.  It came out of the dryer only needing minimal attention on the collar edge from the iron.


I absolutely adore this dress.  For the price, it really can't be beat. I ordered a medium and it fit perfect (5'5", 135lbs, 34D). For me, the arm holes are a bit snug, but that's because girls are restrained and fill out the chest area fully. I could definitely see if you have a larger cup size it could be problematic. The belt is a bit blah, but again, for the price, I didn't expect much. The dress itself is black with pink polka dots and super cute! I will definitely be ordering more in different colors. Oh, and do wear it with a petticoat, makes a huge difference.


