So very beautiful and perfect I was a little worried it wouldn't fit because I'm a bigger gal but this was great


 The fabric is Devine. Might be one of my favorite pieces of clothing. Very lady like! I will deff be ordering more in different colors. I also bought a petty coat to go under but it's just as cute without.


Great quality fabric, love it! I ordered it too big for me just in case it ran small. Ordered a 4x when I normally wear a 2x...so they seem true to size!


its a beautiful dress, material stretches and molds to your body. but it does run a bit small. so make sure you order 1 size up if you are looking for a small sized dress... 2 sizes up if you are looking for a dress large or more......


The waist is too high. I am 5' 7", maybe it would be better on a shorter person. Nice quality material. Belt is too thin, too black for a white floral dress and made of substandard material (not that anyone buys it for the belt).


I love polka dots!!! I received so many compliments when I wore this dress! Wear the right shoes and a small cardigan sweater...perfect!


I ordered this dress in black (small) because I have a black tie wedding and I plan on glamming it up with either a rhinestone belt or accessories. I just ordered another one in a different pattern and I ordered a black petticoat to go along with them.  The dress is soooo flattering and accentuates the waist.  Definitely worth it!!!!!!!!!


Pleasantly surprised at fit and quality for the great price! Bought for my 13 year old daughter in red and she loved it! 4 stars because it was a little snug, but worked out. She's 5'7" 125 lbs and we ordered a small. Precious little dress. Modest and stylish.


This dress is even prettier in person! It's very well made and easy to care for.


This past weekend, I wore this to a wedding and received many compliments.  Be sure to wear a petticoat under it, if you're going to be outside and  it's windy.  A few times, I came very close to showing the world my business but the petticoat saved both my modesty and everyone else's eyes.  Would definitely buy again.


Nice material- has a bit of give to it but is still substantial. Fits perfectly, great length.


