As a size 12, the dress "fit", but was definitely designed for the petite.  I was saddened to have to return it, as the quality and price was lovely!  It zipped up, has a fantastic shape and was fully lined.  Just be aware that the dress is on the short size.


I get so many compliments on this dress! You can wear it with or without a petticoat. It's not a very heavy material, so be prepared for that if you're wearing it in a colder climate.


Loved the dress, just wish it wasn't so small. Not slightly small, but incredibly small. I have always been a XL in every dress/shirt I have bought. I couldn't even come close to zipping it up. I thought it was pretty and wish it would have fit.


I absolutely love this dress! I'm 5'6", 150lbs and ordered a medium - it fit perfectly! Material does not feel cheap, not see-through in any way. Now I'm just trying to decide if I want to get a petticoat to wear underneath for some added volume. It definitely isn't necessary, though - the dress is fine on its own. I will probably purchase a couple more in different colors - it's just such a classic look/cut dress.


I cannot rave about this dress enough! I bought it on a whim one day, not expecting much. It came very quickly and was packaged very nicely. It fit perfectly, with a slim design but plenty of moving space in the skirt. I am also a curvy woman, usually a size 16 or so, but the extra large fit like a glove and I got compliments all night. I am planning on buying many more designs of this exact dress!!! I am pleasantly surprised!


Stunning dress. My only complaint is that the neck line doesn't lay flat on my chest. With a little alternation, it will be perfect. Lot of compliments and questions about where I purchased this dress. Would highly recommend.


Had to return. The material was not what I expected-a bit thin. It arrived in a mailing envelope so that was my first warning. It was very wrinkled and there was a tear on the belt already. No, thank you.


I man so in love with this dress that I bought it in a second color! They fabric is very nice. Not thin. The busy is a tad tight, but that is the style. It makes me feels classy & sassy! Thanks!


I love this dress . Fits great I am 5'6" with tutu slip it falls at the knee. with out the slip it falls about 1 1/2 in. below the knee. chest is a 38 DD  it Fits fine. There is a little stretch in the materiel ..


Bought this dress for an "old Havana" theme event and it was perfect. I bought it a day before and it arrived on time. So happy with it and will buy another one!!!!


