Great quality material. This dress was well sewn and a quality product. It fit as expected. I expect this dress will hold up great for a good amount of time. I have had mine for almost a year and it still looks great!


Really cute dress and fits very well.  I can't say if it will wear or wash well as we just received the dress today.  Unfortunately, the belt that was supposed to come with the dress, did not.  Thankfully Amazon refunded $10 so I could purchase a belt to go with the dress.


This dress was supposed to come with a belt. There was no belt.


I am 5'6" and 140 pounds.  I ordered a large, and I would normally wear a medium.  It fits just right...not to tight and no gaps under the arms. I really like this dress.


I bought the light blue with white polka dots. It's awesomely beautiful, and I put about five other colors on my Amazon wish list for future purchases. The waist line hits me a little higher than the belly button, which is good for my pear shape (emphasizes shoulders and bust while delightfully hiding tummy and hips.) I also purchased a petticoat which adds some fun. I think this particular pattern looks very good without the petticoat as well. I'm 5'3 and the hemline hits below my knee, and with the petticoat hits right on. Very happy with this purchase.


The dress is very beautiful and classy. But, the belt is missing and in the description it said it came along with the dress.


After reading lots of reviews I opted to go with a size Large and it was the right decision.  I normally wear medium (5'5" tall, 155 lbs) but my chest is larger and after trying the Large I don't think a medium would've worked. I did buy a crinoline to go underneath. Fabric has a slight stretch to it which is nice. The belt is pretty cheap but I think I'll get something with a little more substance instead of using it.


Ordered from several different mfrs. for Choir. Lots of size differences between co.'s Pretty, well made with beautiful colors, but order 2 sizes up.


LOTS of material in skirt-Used for sleeves.


I've gotten numerous compliments on this dress. It's figure-flattering and perfect for summer. It's very white and would not recommend wearing this dress if it could get dirty. It fits perfectly. I'm 160 lbs, mostly thicker thighs and belly, and I'm 5-3 & feel like this highlights my figure very gracefully. Thank you!


This dress looked great, but sadly did not wear as expected. The waist is very tapered, so if you have any kind of a tummy or don't have an hourglass shape it's going to be uncomfortably tight. The fabric is rough and has no stretch. The belt was *very* cheaply made, and I would have had to take it out almost 6 inches to wear it. While trying it on the first time the zipper snagged and broke at the seam between the skirt and top half, so I'm not able to return it. Thumbs down, would not buy again.


