This dress is classy.  I first purchase a medium by accident. I am a size 12/14 in dresses...definitely too small. But gorgeous. Had to buy the lrg.


You will not regret it.


I love the look of old Hollywood and this dress really how's that Breakfast at Tiffany's feel, but doesn't look as costumey as I've seen many other dresses look. After reading the review that I had a very difficult time trying to figure out what size to get cuz some people said it was too big other said it was too small. I believe I got a 3X and it is a little too big, but I plan on taking it in to have it fitted properly. With that being said I am 5 feet 5 inches tall 237 pounds normally a size 18 and chesty. I did take my measurements before ordering and was still a little bit big but on that note I rather it be big then small. hopefully this information will help the next person decide which size will be best for them. I do plan on ordering another dress from this seller and no I did not get paid to write a review or get any discount on my purchase or free item however if you're reading this seller I definitely wouldn't mind a discount on my next dress purchased ;)


The fabric and print are nice, but the inseam on one side of the chest was completely wonky, creating a weird bump of fabric poking out from the chest, and the hemline was asymmetrical.


In short, this dress is AMAZING! I’m always very skeptical about buying clothing online (especially plus sized clothing), but this dress fit me like a glove. The fabric is of nice quality, and is cut very well. I have purchased two patterns because I loved the dress so much, and may get more patterns in the future!


I never buy clothing online.  However, I really liked the pattern and 50s style of this dress. Also, the price is great so I took a chance and got it. Well, I love it.  The top fits, but The waist is rather large and the belt that it comes with is very narrow. So what I decided to do is wear a wider white belt.  I also purchased one of those fluffy little slips, and that makes the dress look best.


I ordered based off my measurements and the dress fit perfect. I wore with heels and a petticoat. I got so many compliments & some girls even felt my dress! lol!


I'm a size 16 and bought a 2 x fit perfectly. Returned it because I just didn't like the way it looked on me. The dress itself was great.


Love this company I have three dresses from them and they are all wonderful! Sizes are accurate and they all fit wonderfully!


Amazing material! It's vibrent and beautiful. ORDER YOUR REGULAR SIZE. This company is awesome and I will be ordering more dresses in different colors for summer!


Fit perfect and look wonderful


