I love it. It's just right, not tight and not loose. Exactly what you see is what you will get


Dress ran small so I returned and ordered next size up. But it was beautiful!


It was perfect, I bought this for my wedding as it was a retro theme, the dress had nice breathing room, I added a belt to it, and it worked great. Definitely a good buy for curvy, busty women like myself!


I am 5'8" and the dres ended just above my knees. Too short for me to wear to work. This was disappointing since otherwise the size large fit my typically size 12 body perfectly. Unfortunately it has to go back.


I thought this dress had to be too good to be true. Then it shipped, I tried it on, and it was so amazing. The fabric is very thick and heavy and the design and craftsman shop is definitely that of a higher end department store dress. I want one in every design now! BUY THIS ITEM! How can this dress be less than $30??


Felt Very Cheap and was larger then I was expecting according to the size chart they provided. Not a comfortable material at all! Does not flare out like photo shows. Shipped Very fast though and was nicely packaged.


I AM SO FREAKING IN LOVE WITH THIS DRESS!!! I followed the measurements and got C-14 in a large, and it fits amazingly!!! It is a tad bit short - I'm 5'5" and it hits the bottom of my kneecap, and I would prefer a little longer. Also, it needs a plainer belt - I plan on buying a plain black one to wear with it. The belt that it comes with is the same fabric as the dress, and together it looks a bit off. Other than that though, no complaints!!! I can't wait to buy more in other colors!!!


I reviewed the size chart & put the size that matched my measurements on my wishlist. I received it as a gift, however, upon trying it on, I discovered that it is very tight and not true to size. I am very disappointed as it is a beautiful dress.


Wore this for meet the teacher night (I'm the teacher) and I received so many compliments for it! It is so perfect that I want more. The only downside is you have to dry clean it.


I really like this dress! I am usually a size 8-10 (36" chest, 29" waist, 40" hips), 5'3", and 145 lb.  with a bit of a belly and have an hourglass shape, so I ordered a large. It fits comfortably. I feel like I could have ordered a medium and it would have fit just fine. The dress is beautiful. The material does wrinkle relatively easily, but retains its shape just fine if you hang it in the bathroom while taking a hot shower. I am very happy with this dress.


