I usually wear a 1x (5'2" 215lb with a 43" waist) but according to the sizing chart (since my biggest measurement is my waist) I wear a size 3xl. When it came in the mail, it was a whole dress size too big. I plant to return and exchange it for a smaller size. Other than that the material felt quite nice.


I have NEVER received as many compliments for my appearance as I did when I wore this dress. I ordered the same dress in twindifderent colors, so I will update my review with a pic when I wear the second one.  The cut is very flattering, and I ordered the 3x but should have ordered it in a 2x as I wear an 18/20.  Its a bit too big in the waist and bust but nothing my tailor can't fix for me.  Trust the size chart!! Love love love this dress!!


LOVED this dress. It's slightly stretchy so it hugs you in all the right places! It looked way better on me than expected! I will be buying more of this dress in the future! I'm 5'9" and weigh 200 lbs. I got a 1x and it me like a glove! Measurements were true to size.


I absolutely love this dress! I needed a modest dress for my college graduation and I just love this style of dress. My measurements are 36-29-39, so I originally decided to go for a medium, but when it arrived it was way too big. I had to double check the size because I was sure they had accidentally sent me a large. I just ordered the small and it arrived in 2 days (thanks prime!) and it fit like a dream. Because I am so short (5'3) I will be getting it hemmed because it is well past my knees and I want it to be a bit shorter. Overall though, I am ecstatic with my purchase and I would definitely purchase more dresses from Grace Karin!


-I would advise maybe ordering your size and a smaller size, if you have no problem returning the one that doesn't fit.


I LOVED this dress, but it was WAY TOO WRINKLY! Even after I ironed it for an hour, as soon as I wore it / sat on it, it was SUPER DUPER WRINKLED. :(  It fits nicely, but the fabric is a bit rough and irritated my underarm.  I ultimately returned due to these issues.


I love love love the style of this dress! I ordered a medium which I typically am, and it was slightly too big in the chest portion. I loved it so much,  I will be definitely ordering another in a different pattern ❤️


I am very pleased with it. It came mostly wrinkle free. I am a plus sized lady and it fit me just fine. The waist hits at right under the boobs, so you don't have to worry about it squishing your guts. There are no sleeves, so if you are heavier in your arms, you can still order your normal size. The zipper is invisible. The seams are well made. I haven't washed it yet, but I would imagine that it'll hold up well. I say order plenty of these for a cool summer look.


I'm 5'11" and 185 lbs at the time of ordering. I ordered a Large and it fits great. Just above the knee, I wish it was a tiny bit longer because I wear it to work. So cute. I don't wear the belt it came with, I wear one of my own. I haven't washed it yet but I have washed one that is similar and it bled like crazy. I just give these a good rinse in the shower and hang outside to dry.


I usually wear a size 20, but I have found that these kinds of dresses tend to run small, so I got a 4x instead of 3x. Turns out this dress is pretty true to size because it was quite a bit too big. I'm exchanging for a 3x, I'll update my review when I get it.


I absolutely love this dress! When i saw the package i hoped that i wouldn't be disappointed as it was so neatly folded. When I opened it up, the dress almost floored me.... It's perfect for my son's kindergarten graduation(actually why i bought)! It's well fitted at the top(not too tight, not too loose), and I'm 5'4" and well rounded(i bought the XXL), and it hits right below my knee.... It flatters a big girl like myself and hides my tummy so well!!!! I want so many more now!!!!!


