Very cute. I'm  a 38 DD and the XL was a bit  tight around  the chest. I was able  to get zipped up, though. Material was stretchy. Good length for  a cocktail  dress.


Nice quality dress but returned it due to being too short in length.  If it came longer, I would definitely buy another one.


Took this on a cruise vacation for the Captain's Dinner and got so many compliments on the dress.  The fit was perfect. I'm 5'1  size 10 (M) with curves and the length was GREAT!  Fantastic buy.  i've bought 3 more because the fit is totally flattering -  especially if you have a tiny waist and curvy hips. You can wear it to church or wedding,or formal party and will get raves.,


This is a beautiful dress made from quality fabric with a nice weight, and it looks great on. Based on measurements, I would say their sizing is spot on. I wasn't sure if I should go with a medium or large. I bought the Lg first, expecting that the dress might run a bit small, and it was slightly loose, mainly in the shoulder/neckline area. I then ordered a medium, and it fits just perfectly. I'm returning the large, and keeping the medium. Very happy with the dress!


I bought both the black and white flowered dress and the black with pink polka dots dress for a Mom Prom. I wasn't sure which one I would wear. I ended up wearing the polka dot one for the prom because it was more "fun" looking and the white and black floral one for a wedding. At both events, I received a lot of compliments on both dresses. It fit as expected and is a dress I'll wear more than once.


The dress I received was not cotton and clearly a knock-off. It was poorly sewn and made of cheap stretchy material.


The dress is super pretty, but unfortunately it was much too big for me in the chest, even though the waist was ok. I measure exactly 35.5 inches in the bust and that's what the chart says for the M size which I ordered. I had to return it. I'm 5'9'' tall and weigh 135lbs (bra size 32C).


This is a beautiful dress. I've received several compliments. The waistline is a bit higher than I expected, but as long as I sit up straight it doesn't look bad. The material is very breathable, but does wrinkle a bit. It is a very comfortable and pretty dress though.


This Vintage swing dress is perfect for a full figure woman; it accentuates your curves while masking your lumps.  The material is of a fair to good quality.  Great for work, church, out to lunch or a first date.


I would highly recommend this as your next purchase.


Was expecting to find this black dress just okay because of the low price, but this dress is perfect. This is not the type of low quality garment that is often sold on Amazon. It fit exactly right, seams were tidy and tight, and it arrived nearly wrinkle free. A belt came with it. I am thinking about buying the same dress in a different pattern.


