Fits as expected. The tag said dry clean only,but I ironed it and it was fine. I bought this dress and a petticoat for my college graduation. I didn't wear the petticoat under my robe, but put it on for pics and dinner afterward. I lost track of how many compliments I received on this dress (with and without the petticoat), even from complete strangers! I am now considering buying this dress on at least 2 more colors. You won't be disappointed!


Bought this for my daughter who is a size 4-6.  The medium barely fits.  So if you are small, get a medium.. Not really sure what kind of material it is, but it came so wrinkled.  Tried to iron them out, but I'll wash it first and see if that helps.  Hope it doesn't shrink.


I absolutely love this dress.  I'm a pear shaped girl and this dress is so figure flattering. I paired it with a petticoat and it was perfect. I looks nice without the petticoat,  but adding the petticoat gives it a bit more fullness and umph. The belt is flimsy,  so I used my own belt. I'm already planning to buy this in more colors.


I bought this for my granddaughter's 8th grade dance.  It has a "vintage" look and wearing a petticoat under it she looked marvelous!  She loved the dress and is one that can be worn for any occasion.


Very cute dress! Order this for my 12 year old daughter. She's physically mature for her age, and about 5'4, 5'5, so I was looking for something that didn't look to grown up. I ordered a Medium based on the size chart, but could've went with a small. It wasn't large enough for me to feel like I had to send it back,it was just a little big. Very pretty though. We both loved it


The dress is really cute!  It fit a tiny bit smaller than expected. The fabric is a light-weight cotton, but the dress wasn't sheer at all. The belt had several size options, so it fit great. The skirt hit her mid-shin and she's 5 foot tall. It is a wear -to-church level fanciness, not quite into the formal category. The dress tag said to iron on low. After 45 minutes,  I ironed it on med - high and it smoothed out much better. I would buy from this company again!


Nice looking dress and very flattering for the Mrs. One problem tho, which to me seems to be quite an oversight. I ordered an xs, which has a waist listing of 25. Dress fits perfectly. The belt on the other hand does not. The belt measures 40 inches, with holes at 32, 31, 30, 29, 28, 27 and 26 inches. Thats right, the belt is larger than the dress -_-  So, very not flattering that the belt wraps more than halfway around the back of the dress. An xs dress should come with an xs belt, like a 30 or maybe 32. Nonetheless, the dress looks pretty nice upon first wearing. Will just have to supply own belt


This dress is so cute and lovely (black with little white polka dots).  It will take some time to iron that very full skirt, but I will wear it to the office and to parties.  Really comfortable AND flattering.  I'm 5'6" and it hit me right at the knee.  It comes with a narrow black belt, although I may switch that out for something with more color.


I love it, My second dress from Grace Karin. Only thing I didn't like is the first dress was packaged much better, also I think they forgot my belt looking at the picture now... well still a great dress


The dress is lovely and seems to be well constructed of quality fabric.  I wear an 8 or 10 dress size, so I ordered medium.  It was snug to zip up my back and the torso felt too short on me as well.  I am 5'6" so I am not tall, but the dress length was also shorter on me than I'd hoped. I returned it, but I am considering trying the next size up if my return processes in time for me to order and receive another before the date of the event I want to wear it.


