Lovely dress it's comfortable, fits as expected and looks just like the photo. Nothing to complain about it.


This dress runs small. Went by the size chart and ordered a size Sm. It was really tight in chest and around the arms. I exchanged for a size Med and it's more comfortable. I really like the print and style. Can't wait to wear for Easter and to a summer wedding!


I LOVE this dress! I normally buy between an XL and a XXL so I decided to get the XXL and it fits perfectly!! It's a beautiful dress!! Super fast shipping and you can't beat the price!!


This dress is amazing! The fit was much better than I expected, considering I could not try it on first, and had to rely on the sizing guide. It's a pretty high quality dress, with just enough stretch. It hits right below my knee, but if you add a crinoline or similar underneath, it fills out beatifully! I even wear this to work.


Loved it. I'm tiny and have a hard time getting ready to wear clothes that fit. This was perfect. I used it with a tulle slip for volume. It was perfect.


 This dress is gorgeous! I bought this for a Lindy Hop Swing dance convention this upcoming weekend but I couldn’t wait to wear it so I tested it out on Valentine’s Day. It has a full circle skirt that is perfect for twirling till you drop! I’m 5’2” and 105lbs and size small fits like a dream. I’m wearing it with a petticoat for extra flounce. Great quality, vibrant print, and makes me feel like a vintage princess.


I was very surprised by the high quality of this dress, given the price.  Thick fabric, well sewn, good zipper installation.  It's not one of those cheap knock offs, it's better than many of my department store dresses.  I found the sizing to be a little small, if in doubt, go up.


This is a great dress. I decided to wash at home but lint control and wrinkles are crazy! It'd probably have been better to dry clean.


I wore this to a murder mystery night and won best dressed.


love, Love, LOVE this dress.  I recently wore it for a wedding.  Dress fits true to size and made of nice material.  Dress is very flattering.  I received many compliments.  Will definitely buy more.


The dress is great! wear shorts if you plan on dancing and spinning. I am a size 14-16 shorts I measured my waist and it was about 39 in which the 3XL is 38in  and it fit a little loose. I usually wear an XL in t-shirts and I think the 2X would have been fine., I'm just glad it was not tight.


