I love this dress! the fit and flare is wonderful. the pattern is nice. material is lightweight yet thick and not see through. I received many compliments on this dress. wore to the KY derby and it was absolutely perfect.


It tore when I used the zipper. Might work okay if you get three or four sizes bigger than your normal and are extremely gentle.


The dress fit beautifully and I was impressed with the quality of the material. It is heavy and feels like it will hold up very well. I think it looks great with or without a petticoat underneath, though I like the look with it a little better. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because the belt that came with it was broken so I ended up throwing it away. But I switched it out with a red belt and loved the look even more! I am 5'10 and 160 lbs and got a size Large. The dress hit right around my knees.


The pictures don't do this dress justice. Beautiful and so well made! I bought a Black "Hi Queen" petticoat to go underneath it and plan to wear it on Elegant Night on our upcoming cruise!


Very cute dress. True to size and fits very well. I received lots of compliments on this dress. I added a petticoat under to give it some extra swing. Will order again.


I bought this dress for my 13 year old daughter for her special needs beauty pageant, and it was FABULOUS! The red color was bright and true and with the black polka dots it was just STUNNING! She looked adorable (and age appropriate) and got compliments all evening long! I followed the specific measurements listed in the description and it fit her perfectly! Now I want to buy one for myself and find an occasion to wear it!!


Returned, too small. Shoulder width unattractively cut wide. Easy return through Amazon Prime.


This item by Grace Karin is not only cute but comfortable! Don't miss out on this purchase, you won't regret it!!!


It is well made.  I added the petticoat and I love it so much it looks so freakin cute!  Definitely ordering more...


I love this dress both in in 6 different colours. Everyone love them . I even have to give away one to a friend for convention at church and both a few for her through a friend


