Gotten lots of compliments on this dress. I added the Tidetell Vintage Women's Rockability Tutu in black underneath and it brought so much volume to this already voluminous dress. Great for sunday brunch, workplaces, other formal events. Belt is kinda meh but it looks great without belting as well.


Beautiful dress! Everytime I wear it I feel fantastic!!!


so nice, size, color, cualitie...everything was wonderful. Good present to my sister, She loved this dress


I bought this as a Christmas gift for myself.  It came so fast and fits true to my actual dress size (1X).  I couldn't be happier.  I adore the lemon pattern, so special.  One of my all time favorite online purchases.  Now I can't wait for it to warm enough to wear it.


This is beautiful.  It came folded in a plastic sleeve. The bodice was a little wrinkled and had to be ironed. It was so lovely on my daughter this Easter.


Perfect for the price.  It's cotton, but almost a sateen and pretty thick, not dull and it doesn't seem like it'll fade very fast (it says dry clean only but I washed it on delicate and it came out just fine).  It definitely wrinkles like a beast.  I like the high neckline and longer length, and the shape is super flattering--I wore it to work and got about 50 compliments. Overall a great buy for the price and I'll probably get another color soon.


This dress was perfect. Usually I find difficult for me to buy dresses that fit, especially online because I'm 5' 1'' and 180 lbs. But this dress fit perfectly. It gave me a very slimming silhouette and the dress length was just about two inches under my knees.


The only con I would say is that the chest area was a bit snug. I felt that if I was bigger than a B cup then it wouldn't have fit me unless I had tight spanks on or something


Completely adorable! Fits great and feels good too. I usually wear L but I ordered XL just to be safe based on reviews. I weight 180lbs and 5'4 height.


I am a size 8-10, 5'3" and 160 lbs.  I am a B cup.  I ordered the large and it fit well.  Unfortunately it did not come with a belt.  Amazon was able to give me a credit.  Beautiful dress, got many compliments on the dress.  I think a wider belt goes very nicely with the dress.


It was too long I'm 5'2. Was not flattering when I tried it on. Material looked think and good quality. My package didn't arrive on time, there no longer needed it so I'm returning it.


