I am in love with this dress! Requires ironing, hang dry. Washes and wears well without fading. I am 5'6" 179ish lbs because tacos are life. 36D. I ordered a large, and it was perfect! Wear nude underwear that won't cling. A friend loved it so much she asked to try it on. She literally took my dress off me in a bathroom and tried it on. She ended up ordering one for herself.


I'm about 5' 4", and my measurements are 37, 29, 39.


I bought the dress in medium and it fits as closely as it can. The arm holes and waist have a little extra space, but it'd be too small to size down. The material is a medium weight, but not see through. I think the material has a very small amount of stretch. The colors are vibrant and there's even some touches of purple in the pattern.


Without a petticoat, the hemline falls to the top of my knees. The one picture is with a petticoat.


The belt has a velvet feel on the outside, and the inside is just a hard plasitc or something. Not the highest quality belt, but not bad for a waist belt. It also helps cinch the waist in.


The dress arrived quickly, only six days after ordering.


I have not received so many compliments, for years, as I have with this dress. Each time I have worn this out somewhere, (I have the white w/ cherries) people (usually men) have come up to me and said "excuse me, ma'am that is the prettiest dress that I've seen for years", or something along those lines.


It also is very comfortable,( I live in the South, where the humidity is intense) not over-dressy, pairs well with many cardigan's, when it is cold in the grocer's and the mood can be changed, by adding accessories. It's price is right too. You have to be careful, because many other  Chinese vendors sell, what seems to be the same dress, but it sometimes looks nothing like it. This, and another called "Acevog" seem to be good vendors, with great dresses.


I have noticed today, that after waiting since last Winter, they've added new colors and styles to their "1950's" line, which is why I've come back.  I intend on purchasing several more!


I love this dress and I get so many compliments in it; I actually bought two different prints and may get another one. It does wrinkle a bit, but I learned to iron just for this dress (LOL), and it quickly looks crisp again. I did find that with two different colors, both in size small, the fit was a bit different (one fits tight in the chest, the other fits a bit loose). You could definitely put a crinoline slip underneath if you want the more full link, but it also spins nicely without the slip. For reference I am 5'4", 115 pounds, 34C, purchased a small. Since modcloth was bought out by walmart, I have been searching on amazon for similar types of styles, and this is one of them!


I mistakenly bought a small thinking it would fit based off of their size chart. I fit most smalls but this dress was about 2 sizes too big. The material is thin and feels cheap. There is also no tag with information on the materials and the only information attached says to dry clean only. There are no loops for the belt or any way to secure the extremely long tail since the belt wraps around almost twice.


This dress was ordered while I was home in NC in July for a visit (had shorts and summer dresses) and my friend's father unexpectedly passed away; I needed a dress for a funeral. I am 5'6", ~155 pounds and 36DD in the chest so I ordered a Medium. I was quite impressed....the dress fit nicely although I prefer a little more wiggle room in the chest but it was not a deal breaker. I hated the belt but I had a patent belt of my own that worked out perfectly. I have wased the dress in cold water and dry on light heat at least 3 times and still looks fine with no shrikage in the dress. I took off one star as it seems to be a little irregular around the bottom, i.e. hem a little longer on one side but hardly noticeable when wearing....I guess I just notice when I hung it the first time after washing....maybe that caused it.


Beautiful dress! Fits great maybe a tad bit big, I ordered a small.


I'm 5'9" and 170 lbs and 36C. This dress fit me perfectly. I feel like if my boobs where any bigger it would have been too tight. I received many compliments on this dress! And I felt amazing in it. For the price the fabric was suprisngly thick and good quality. It ironed well on a low setting, however, it did wrinkle once I sat down. Overall for the price it is totally worth it. It's a beautiful, flattering dress.


This dress fits AMAZING!!! Pleasantly surprised with this considering the price, and I received 3 as these were all gifts. This dress the black and white floral is more a linen material which is PERFECT for spring/summer and you can dress this up and or down. I'm 5'4", 104lb and 32DD, I received this in a small and it hugged me in the right places :) The other two dresses were a satin material and fit just the same. All the dresses came with the same belt and all the dress skirts had the same flare, however as others have suggested if you want the full effect you might want to order the tulle skirt to go underneath although I did not I was happy with the fit and how the dress sat without the additional skirt. I would definitely order more of these dresses for the price and quality you receive you can't beat it.


Bought this dress in black to wear as the maid of honor for my sister's wedding. I am 144lbs, cup size 34 H and usually wear size Medium or US size 8. I purchased the dress in Large. It fits great and great material. I didn't need to do any alterations. Only thing is that it came with some whitish stains that looked like dried rollon at the base of both armholes. I actually thought someone wore it before, but the dress package was well sealed. I am not sure what's up with that. I think it is a good dress. I have no time to send it back to get a better one ...


