I knew the dress would either be way too big or it would work. This dress worked. I wouldn't say it's the best fitted dress but that's hard to find with someone my size. The only downside would be the material. I bought two of these dresses. The red and black polka dots and the black floral. The red and black polka dots are a cotton type fabric. However, the black floral dress is a more shiny type fabric. Something you would associate with a bridesmaid dress. When I read the description it said that they were cotton, but not true.


I bought a size up to be safe. I wear a size 6-8 in jeans so I bought a medium and it fits perfectly. I ended up buying two more after I got this on.


I. Love. This. Dress!!! Everything about this dress just makes me feel good wearing it! The fit is perfect and the fit and flare are a duo that can't be beat!! You won't go wrong buying this dress. I just might order a couple more!


I absolutely love this dress. It is formal and elegant. The fabric is strong and high quality. It fits perfectly. When I wear it, everybody loves it.


The only drawback is it needs ironing after washing and the strange little belt on the waist.


Didn't fit as expected, but only in the cheat area, which I always have difficulty finding items that fit. Got an XXL, I wear an 18/20, didn't fit me but fit my mom, she wears 10/12. The dress is beautiful though.


I was a little skeptical ordering this dress because the price seemed a little too good to be true but after reading the reviews I decided to give it a shot. The dress arrived today and I have to say, I'm impressed. It certainly isn't the highest quality item that I own but for the price, it's nice.


The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because it was supposed to come with a belt but mine didn't have one. Not a huge deal but kind of a bummer.


Buy the dress! I listened to other reviews and made sure I got mine from GKqueen and the fabric is super cute, has some stretch to it for comfort, and it not at all see through. I’m 5’9” 38-30-41 and I bought the large, it fits but a bit bigger then I would like so when I order more I will get them in medium.


I love this dress, it fit me perfectly! I am normally a size 24 pant and I ordered a 2x. I am 5’1” and it fell just right. I recommend wearing a petty coat underneath for fullness. Which I am wearing one in the picture that I ordered from the same vendor. I plan on ordering more styles since the fit was nice.


Beautiful but even though I measured my waist and so forth it turned out to be absolutely huge.


Love this dress, wore it with a black petticoat, gave my look so much drama...got compliments galore


