If you go by the dress size chart & not Amazon’s chart, you will get the correct fit. I’m 5’5” 34C 120lbs & the medium is just right. The material is very nice & doesn’t feel cheap. It feels good on. The skirt is really full & I love it. I just hope my husband likes it. I’m wearing it to a dinner. I have a crinoline to wear under but you don’t really need it. Not sure if I’ll wear it with my dress or not. I might feel like Cinderella!! I would love that at 63.


The first time I ordered this was in a large. It didn't fit, I sent in back, bought a medium while printing out the label to send the first one back. (I'm 5'3", 135 lb, 34C).


The dress fit perfectly. It's beautiful and retro and just what I wanted. So why four stars?


Wrinkles. Not me, the dress. It wrinkles easily. And with so much skirt, it's hard to keep it from wrinkling.


This dress makes you look real good, these dresses is a ladies dress and when you put it with right color, you know, when you Diva-rise yourself, heads will turn.  I bought the same design checkered shoes and ladies the Divasitizen turned heads, let me tell you, men and the ladies complemented me. So ladies come on, get away from the herd of show-it-all dresses and make yourself feel the look of a lady, with these type of dresses, they upgrade your experience for the day and you wont regret it.  I'm smiling as I watch the heads turn,


This dress is beautiful and fits me EXACTLY. I ordered a size medium and am 5'6" 150lbs. There is no lining to the dress and it wrinkles easily (ironing takes care of this very easily), but for such a low price it is really good quality and looks expensive.


One weird thing is that I ordered the floral print (red flowers) and received the black background and white polka dot version instead. Because I liked it anyway and didn't have time to return it before I needed to wear it, I kept it, but I'm not sure why this would happen.


I purchased this dress to wear to an afternoon tea with some friends at one of the Disney Resorts and LOVED IT! Our group received so many compliments from the hotel guest and the other patrons having tea. The dress arrived very quickly and looks exactly like the picture. Also it is made from a very sturdy fabric and is not easily wrinkled. If you are a curvy woman (as as I am), you will not need a crinoline underskirt unless you are really going for that retro-Swing look from the 50s. The dress fit as expected and, if cared for properly, looks like it will last a long time. It requires dry cleaning.


I bought a medium and really love this dress for a mother of 4 with curves and hips this dress fits modestly which is exactly what I was looking for. It reaches past my knees and is not transparent in the light and very comfortable. This dress is beautiful and if you like quality and modesty this is the dress for you the sizing was also accurate for me.


Love my dress once I got it in my size. I'm 204 lbs. 5'3 and followed their size chart. I ordered the size 2x. It was way too big on me. I sent back and ordered the 1x. Fit perfectly. Good quality, it faded when washed though. Be careful when washing. Great dress for plus size. Feels comfortable and hides parts of my body I'm not to fond of. I bought a red belt and hated it with it, but the measurements posted were wrong and way too wide. Also bought red petticoat for underneath. Already wore it both ways.


This dress is stunning and I am really sad to have to return it. I measured myself properly twice, once myself and once by my seamstress. I ordered according to the product description details and it still did not close around my chest properly. Also the arm holes are much too small.


Had I had the time to have it tailored I would have kept it but I needed it for a wedding and had to go with another.


This dress is beautiful. The fabric is great quality and the dress is well made. I am 5'5", 137lbs and usually wear a size 8 dress and I bought the medium. The dress fits nicely, but is definitely form fitting from the waist up. The dress also is slightly shorter than I expected, and falls slightly above the knee. I couldn't find any measurement of length in the description, but I expected it to fall just below the knee, so if you want your knees covered, this may not be your dress. I thought I wanted it longer, but I actually love the way the dress fits and looks. Great quality, super fast service, and a beautiful dress.


My daughter, a 7th grader, wore this dress to a dance (with a black petticoat) and looked adorable! Great dress. She's and XS and this dress fit her perfectly.


