This dress is perfect!


  For reference, I'm 5'6 & the dress hits mid knee. I ordered a medium and my measurements are 36D, 29" waist and 38" hips.


I did have to wiggle my backside into the dress but could have easily just pulled it over my head.


The quality is nice, and looks great with the black petticoat underneath.  However, it still flows nicely without it.


Looking forward to wearing it on Easter.


4.5 starts- This is a beautiful dress! I love the color and the style very much. I am pretty busty and so it's a tad snug over my chest, but with a good minimizer bra, you'll be fine! I've gotten so many compliments on this dress, I can't wait to wear it on Christmas. When it arrived, it came with excellent care instructions and everything was together in a thoughtful way. I will definitely order from this company again.


It looks just like the picture. Me being 5ft2, it came down to below the knee caps. I'm not sure what I weight but my measurements are 42/36/44 and I ordered the 2X and it fit great in the bust area but I deducted a star because it was quite roomy in the waist and I'm thinking the next one I order will be an XL so that way its not as big in the waist but at the same time not to snug. It's a great dress and I recommend it. I do recommend wearing a petticoat under it to give it some volume so its not laying flat against you.


This dress did run a little small but I noted that from the reviews and ordered one size bigger - fit perfectly!! The dress is gorgeous! I ordered it for my daughter's summer wedding and received compliments all night on how beautiful it was. I did not wear the belt with it - mostly because it was too tight and while I had plenty of room to add additional holes to make it more comfortable, I did not take the time to do it this time. I probably will wear it with the dress in the future as it adds a little "something" to it. Another great feature was the skirt - it was made for dancing! When my son twirled me on the dance floor, it flounced out beautifully. I did purchase a crinoline to wear under it but ended up not wearing it because it was so hot (weather was in the 90's with very high humidity). I would definitely recommend this to anyone that wants to feel like a princess. I am bigger in size and usually very self-conscious in dresses but this one made me feel very pretty!


I absolutely love this dress. But I made a boo boo and did a 3x plus instead of a xxx-large. I even read the comments and still forgot. So it's huge. Returning it and getting the right size. Because it's amazing quality and such a pretty vibrant pattern! I love both of these patterns. They're flattering! I wear a size 16 or 18.. I'm about 5'5 and 250lbs. So I wanted to order big since most things come way smaller nowadays. And I didn't measure myself, oops. But the 3x plus is way way way too big. Can't wait to get the right sizes!


I love the pattern and the cut, and the fit was snug but doable. When I opened the bag and put it on, the zipper kept getting stuck. I took it off, thinking it was because it was too tight, but it was just not great quality zipper. Also my husband had to poke holes in the belt, as it came to me with no holes already punctured. All in all, you definitely get what you pay for. Very cute dress, but not great quality.


As if this dress needs anymore reviews! I wore the blue one to the Assembly and the black one to the Memorial tonight. I wore a petticoat underneath both of them. I really love these dresses. They hide all the things u want to hide. I am 5'5" without heels and the dress hits just at my knee. I ironed out the pleats and it still looked good. I usually wear a 12 in pants or skirts and a L or XL in tops. I wear a 40D and got an XL. It was almost tight with a bra on but I made it work. Any looser and it would have been too big. It fit like a glove though, I'm very happy!


this dress is very nice. only a little bit loose, but in a reasonable way that I would definitely recommend still. the belt gives it a great look and accentuates the dress!! came in nice packaging too, with great tags and all


Beautiful!! This dress is perfect for a wedding I am attending in a few weeks. It was exactly as expected. I would recommend using their sizing guide though...I would normally wear a large, but in this dress I ordered an xxlarge and it fits perfectly. It did come pretty wrinkled, but I don't mind sending it to the dry cleaners. And yes, the belt it comes with is useless, but I actually prefer it without. All in all, a great purchase and I'm excited to wear it!


I love this dress. The material is great and I get so many compliments. Careful with sizing. I wear a 16 usually and wear an XXL. Perfect size. Accidentally ordered a 2x plus for another one and had to send it back bc it was too big. As a wider girl I found that even though I bought a petticoat I didn't need it. Photo has no petticoat.


