I am a professor at a university who teaches math, and I like looking nice and feminine during work so I took a chance on this dress and am going to order more in different colors! I don't normally write reviews but this dress was such a hit! I loved it, my boyfriend thought it was great and I received SO many compliments that I think it deserved a note from me on Amazon.


Packaging:


It came in two days with Prime shipping.


Packaging was great, dress was folded nicely in the second bag (not the shipping bag) and the belt was coiled with protection around the end to make sure it didn't snag the material.


Fit:


Fit was what I expected from the reviews. I ordered a large. I compete in fitness competitions and am on the muscular side. I am in the offseason and normally wear an 8-10 at my current size so I either go for a medium or large. My measurements are 34DD, waist: 27-28, hips: 36. The dress fit snug around the chest/back and around the arm holes, but I expected much worse. I thought for sure it wouldn't fit and I'd have to send it back. This was certainly not the case, snug but doable. The bottom of the dress is quite voluminous and came to around my knees. I like wearing wides belts so I swapped the skinny belt it came with for one of mine the first time I wore it. I thought there would be belt loops that would be poking out, but there weren't any.  So, if you are expecting loops to keep the belt in place, you're out of luck. The zipper come up to the neck and if you are doing this by yourself, I hope you are more flexible than me. I gave myself a cramp in my shoulder trying to zip it up and down when I tried it on. Next time I got help. Note to self: stretch more...


Upkeep:


I haven't washed it yet, but the directions state: wash warm water, no bleach, dry flat, low iron. Based on the material (it doesn't state on the dress but it feels like cotton) I am going to say that ironing is a must.


Occasions:


I wore this to work (teaching) and it was quite comfortable to move around in and it wasn't too warm for summer school. I would say this dress can go for a multitude of different functions: wedding, work, date night, work functions, anything that you feel you want a step up from jeans. My boyfriend actually said he felt like a scrub next to me when I got off work and we went to eat because he was wearing jeans and a t-shirt.


Hope this helps.


I'm a little disappointed and let down with this dress. I was so excited about getting it. I drooled over it for over a month before I finally bought it. I got it today and was bummed. It's just okay. The dress material is thinner than I expected and the style and fit looks a little different than the picture. The color is also a little lighter than it looks online. Also- there is no flare to this dress as the title would lead you to believe. You'd probably need to purchase a tulle slip. Overall, it's just okay but I wouldn't purchase again unless the price was lower. I am 5'3" and 135 lbs and busty. I ordered the medium and it fit fine.


Very pretty and got tons of compliments. Being 5'5, 140 lb medium fits perfect.  I had ordered a different pattern previously and was very happy with the thick durable fabric. However the fabric of this black floral dress was much different, something very similar to satin. Too slippery and shiney for what I was looking for. I am keeping the dress but the fabric makes it a little too formal for an any day dress.


Love, love, love this dress! I was skeptical of the price and feared the quality, but took a chance.  Man, what a great gamble! Perfectly delightful dress. Strong material and construction. Belt wasn't great, but I knew I was going to dress it up on my own...a nice colorful sash. I actually bought two dresses...will purchase others. I got so many compliments that it was easy to recommend the dress :D


I am 5'8, 320lbs, 46H bra size, with my measurements at 57-50-65, and this dress, along with 2 others I ordered from this collection, fit AMAZINGLY! I have a very hard time buying clothes online and actually having them fit like I like them to fit, but all of the dresses fit like a dream! I thought that it would smash my chest down like most items I've ordered online, or be too small around the waist, but it is comfy and fitted. I almost could've done a 3X...ALMOST. I wish this designer had more vintage 50's style dresses in the 4X size, because I'd buy them all. Love them!


I never buy clothes online--every time I do, it never fits right. But this dress is ADORABLE. Well made and super cute. I normally wear a 14 and am a DDD cup with an hourglass figure, and the 1X fits me perfectly! It's very flattering and very comfortable. I love having a summer dress that I can dress up or dress down--and that doesn't show my bra straps! I'm 5'3" and it hits just below my knee.


Highly recommend for us curvy ladies!


This dress made me fall in love with dresses! It is 100% my new favorite article of clothing. I plan to wear it to my sister's wedding shower or Groomsman's supper this summer. It would look so cute with little white keds or black pointed toe shoes. The fit is great, I got a medium, it's a little tight but any bigger and it'd be too loose. The length hits just below my knee and I'm 5'3". I'm also 150-160lbs and more muscular than chubby. I have no issue with this on my waist or bust (34 C). I am already in the process of ordering more GK dresses. I will totally be building up my dress collection with these dresses!


This dress is perfect! I noticed that a lot of photos that were posted were of women with bigger chests than me, so I wasn't sure if the bust of this dress would fit me. I'm a 32a/b depending on the bra, and this dress works with some padding. I wear small shirts and size 4 pants, and this size small works pretty well. I bought a petticoat to go with it: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B011RIZW6K that overall works pretty well for me. Looking forward to wearing this out!


edit: forgot to mention that the belt was huge. It was the size of a belt you would wear on your hips, or bigger. Not only was it exceptionally long, but the holes are at at the end of the belt, so it's not possible to wear the belt with the dress, unless you punch more holes.


I purchased this dress for my daughters graduation and it fit her beautiful. I couldn't have been more pleased!


I would like to say that I absolutely love the color of this dress. I'm a little disappointed however because the arms are somewhat small. And it was obvious that this dress was a return- that doesn't bother me at all -but alas it did not come with a belt. Luckily considering I'm a huge fan of her work I have multiple other dresses that I can use one of the belts from for a funeral we have to go to.


-UPDATE-


And first time actually wearing it the zipper broke. Honestly this is the cheapest made Grace Karin dress I've ever bought. In so so so disappointed.


