Amazing and perfect!  Just a word to the wise the dress is made of a thick fabric so that should be fun for the summer wedding I'm attending, but it's perfect!


I'm an XS or 00 and I ordered the XS, it's not too tight and it's not too loose.  It fits perfect everywhere!


In LOVE with this dress. I was hesitant to buy because the price seemed way too good for a good quality dress but I knew I could return if I didn't like it so I went for it. I'm attending a "tea party" in two weeks and wanted something to match the theme. It came two days later using Prime and I am more than thrilled with my purchase, even the packaging was good quality! The dress' fabric is thick and durable. The belt is nice quality as well. I'm 5'9", 190 lbs, and typically wear a size 14-16. I ordered the XL and its a perfect fit. I will definitely be ordering more and possibly one in every color!!!


Update- I posted a picture of the fit and also in outside lighting so you could see how beautiful the colors really are!


Updated review: I love this dress! I ordered the size I usually wear (after ordering according the the measurements given and it being HUGE on me). The fabric has a little stretch to it so it fits snug without being uncomfortable. This is a very figure flattering dress no matter your figure! For size reference for anyone considering buying this dress, I ordered a 1x--I'm 5'11", 210 lbs and wear a size 16/xl. The dress hit me just above my knees.


Took off one star for having to return the dress because the suggested measurements for the sizes are two sizes too big.


Original review:


Writing this review for now, will update it when I get my other sizes shipped.


 I ordered based on the measurements given for this dress and when it came in, the dress was HUGE on me!  It is a lovely dress, but the sizing is off. According to the measurements I should've been able to wear a 3x but the bust was huge, waist was huge and it almost didn't fit on my shoulders! I am tall and have wide shoulders and this was about to just fall off of me. I ordered the next two sizes down so I could find the right size for me. So beware of following the measurements. Order your size you usually wear and it should fit. I wear a 1x or 2x (depends on cut of clothes on which size) and that should be what will fit me.


Best dress ever!! I wore this dress to an interview and was hired on the spot!  I knew it would make me stand out and I did! I have received many compliments every time I've worn it! The medium fit perfectly. I'm 5'6" 160lbs 36DD.  The quality is some of the best I've seen on Amazon in this price range.  The marerial is like a stiff cotton with a little stretch, but not much, so if you are between sizes (for me med and large) the bottom isn't a problem, if you are larger than 36DD on top I would go up a size .please like if this was helpful :)


I bought this dress to wear on Easter Sunday and I loved it. I bought a petticoat to wear under it, but found it was not necessary to make the dress look nice, so I wore it without it. I cinched the waist in with the belt and it created the silhouette. I wear a 12-14 and a 36 D bra. I bought the extra large and it was looser in the top than I wanted it, but that was personal preference.


My usual size is XS, I’m 5.8’’ tall, 125lb, waist 26”, bust 33.5”.  I bought S size, I think it fits perfectly and is true to size. Very good quality and very well made. To make it nice look, of course, you should iron it. The ironing isn’t very difficult.


I gave 4 out of 5 stars because of the length.  It is 100cm or 40”. It hits me above the knees. I look like a skinny and tall girl who is dressed in the short dress. If it hit below the knees, was mid-calf length; it would be perfect.  I looked though all pictures from the reviews and notices that the dresses that go below the knees look much nicer. So, the only one my concern is the length.  My advice to the manufacturer is to make the dresses for tall women as well. I think to return it because of the length.


I was worried about my dress as many said the sizing was crazy but I were a large as I always have an issue with my bust line


It being 40 D but I ordered a x- large and so glad I did tried it on today for gp's and wow perfect fit and makes my waistline look nice too very good fit am going to order several more of these dresses in different colors as they are perfect for church or out to lunch and will transition well into summer wear . So thank you Gk , Grace Karin for you wonderful Rockabilly tea length dress so fun and I purchased a crinoline to go under it too for the full look so cute. thank you . Looking forward to more of your merchandise .


Your happy customer Elizabeth Harrison from WA state USA


I bought this to wear for formal night on our cruise. I love this dress!! It is very comfortable and the fabric is soft and delightful! I purchased a petticoat to wear under it to give it a bit of flounce. (like this one: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B017UBMKXQ/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o03_s01?ie=UTF8&psc=1) I had so many compliments all evening long. I used a different belt than the one it came with, but the belt did seem to fit fine according to my size.


i am in love with this dress. i usually wear a 2x but went a size up...glad i did otherwise i would have had smooshed boobs.  everything about this dress is awesome.  i wore it with a petticoat but it still looks good without.  it comes with a skinny belt but i like thicker belts (they hide fat rolls better) so i used my own.  the material has some give to it. i got a ton of compliments.  super flattering even on us big girls.


I bought this dress from the seller, GK Queen. I am 5'3, 145 pounds, size 8 or Medium, and this dress was both too small and too large. The top of the dress was a bit snug, while the bottom half of the dress was a bit large. The dress on the hanger looks nothing like the picture on the website, and the accompanying belt did not fit tight around my waist, which is 29 inches It just sort of loosely hung there. Even though the top is a little snug, it looks fine with an added white shrug. It's supposed to look vintage, but to me, it just looks like an everyday sundress. For the price, it's a great dress to wear to work or church, and it won't be difficult to have it altered a bit to fit just right. The fabric is also of great quality, and the dress is made well.


