This is a fantastic dress for the price. If you want something classic that will be in style forever, then this dress is a must order. The fabric pattern doesn’t match up on the seams but wasn’t surprised considering the price.


My daughter is into retro and  loves this dress and wants every color.  We bought a small which was a little big in the bust as she is a 32 A.  I thought about getting the extra small but than decided to go ahead and try shrinking it by washing and drying it.  Afterwards it fit perfectly and there was no damage even though we disobeyed the care directions. The material is good quality, stretchy and no piling after washes The stretchiness enables a better fit in the  bodice without having to get it tailored.


I wanted to love this dress so much!  The fabric is high quality.  The cut and color is wonderful.  I should have listened to the online reviews :(  I'm 5"7" with a long torso and large bust (34DD) so the waist hit 1-2 inches above my natural waist line which was not a flattering silhouette so I will have to return must to my disappointment.


Bought this for my daughter and it's gorgeous. Only thing we had to do was take it to a seamstress to be hemmed a couple inches because she's only a little over 5 ft tall and wanted the dress to hit just above knee level but that was an easy fix.


I really love this dress.  Fabric feels nice and I love the style.  I would recommend when it comes to sizing to ignore everything except the waist measurement.  I wear around a 10.  5'4" and 165 pounds.  My measurement are roughly: Bust is 34 DD, waist is 27, hips are 42.  The medium is what I ordered and it's a little loose.  I wish I ordered the small now but at least it comes with a belt to hide the loose fabric.  Sizing isn't the sellers fault so I'm still giving it 5 stars and will likely order more but will do so in a size small.


Oh my good Lord, I am in love with this dress.  The price is AMAZING for the quality received, I was expecting one of those horror stories of when people see this beautiful dress and then some concoction made of crepe paper shows up and that's so not what happened. This dress was beautifully made and just gorgeous. I got a ton of compliments when I wore it. I ordered a petticoat as well but ended up not wearing it since the dress was for work and not a special occasion.


NOTE ABOUT FITTING: I am 5'2", 148 lbs, and have a 34G bust. I ordered a size large, and it fit utterly perfect.


This dress is gorgeous, however it is too snug for me to wear in the bust area, I even bought up a size. there isn't an elastic back like in the other dresses that I purchased, so while it has encouraged me to lose some weight, It is officially on a hanger in the closet until that happens.


I'm a petite girl so even the small size still too large to me. This dress is great for tall ladies, but the material somehow heavy and uncomfortable for the hot weather. In my opinion, I won't recommend this dress for people have sensitive skin and petite like me!


LOVE LOVE LOVE this dress fits perfect, I ordered up and according to the size chart because I didn't want it to be too tight. It is light and fun, and I feel like a real stunner in this dress. I will be ordering all the colors that are available in my size ;) You won't be disappointed if you decide to go with this dress <3


I. Love. This. Dress. I purchased this dress to wear at my pinning ceremony for graduating nursing school and I was not disappointed! It fits great and is comfortable to wear! I received so many compliments on the dress that I lost count. I will definitely be purchasing more colors and patterns!


