Love it, just as pictured and the sizing is on point. Bought a petticoat knee length, just love it. So many compliments from look like a barbie doll to the queen of England.


This quality of the dress was better then I thought it would be. The material was nice and it even came with a belt. Unfortunately, I had to return the one I ordered. I am normally a small. I read reviews that it runs a little small so I got a medium. It was way too big. Even if it wasn't too big the dress just didn't look right on me. I did love the dress material and still think it is a really cute dress. It just didn't suit my body type.


Beautiful dress! I would recommend getting the petticoat with this dress in order to give the effect of the dress that is pictured. The fit is perfect and true to size. I'm 5' 5.5" and with the petticoat, the dress comes just above my kneecap. A word to the wise, however, be gentle with the zipper. The upper body is form fitting and may be a little harder to zip.


Could only be better if it was a little heavier fabric.  Fits PERFECTLY on daughter--5'7", 28" waist, 34-B bust, and 35" hips are her measurements, so you can compare.  Worn with a pettycoat, it comes down to just above her kneecap.  Looks GREAT with classic heels, ballet flats, or even converse-style sneakers.


Gorgeous dress for the price! It was absolutely a huge hit for a wedding I attended. I added a petticoat under for the wedding service and it did slightly resemble Little Bo Peep but I felt beautifully vintage! I removed the petticoat for the reception and it was the perfect dancing and twirling dress! :)


I adore this dress. Wear a 2x most all the time, ordered a 2x and the top around the arms and chest area was too big, just wore a small cover up. But I love it so much I'm just taking it to get it altered! Many many compliments, the material is thick and not cheap and thin. The color was amazing. Received in 2 days! @ Grace Karin I'll be back for more! Definitely order the petticoat with it!


Company would not allow return for larger size. Dress is in closet.


I cannot say enough about the fit and quality of this dress. I am so impressed with the fabric when compared to some other big sellers on Amazon of this style of dress. It has a soft linen feel, strong but not rough. I ordered about 10 dresses on Amazon and this is one of the few I didn't return. I will definitely be buying again.


Wow.  For the price this was a really nice dress.  I ordered the 1X and it was ever so slightly tight in the bust and ever so slightly short-waisted.  The dress was nicely packaged, and nicely made.  The material was also pretty darn nice for the price.  I wanted to use this dress for a wedding, but found out it was going to be an evening affair and this dress wasn't quite dressy enough.  For an afternoon affair, would have been wonderful.  I ordered the petticoat (never opened it) but the dress does flare out on its own.  Will definitely check out this site again if I need a more casual dress.


Nice dress. The fabric seems good, more like $3-4/yard. Not sure whether the color will fade after a few wash or not. The pattern fits pretty well, but the waist line is a bit higher--feel like a petite size. The belt is pretty good. In my pictures, I wear mine--MNG, in beige to create a contrast.


