This dress is very pretty and looks just like the picture. I usually wear a US size 1X but after reading the reviews and the size chart I purchased a 2X and it fits perfect. The arms/shoulder area is a little snug, but other than that I have no issues. I will definitely be buying more in different colors. I also love the belt and I can wear it with my other dresses as well :)


I had ordered a couple of different style 50's style dresses from this seller in large and had to return them because they were too big.  I ordered this dress in a medium, and it fits very well!  I am 5'9" and a 34DDD.  It's difficult for me to find dresses that fit my bust, but I am happy with how this dress fits.  The others I had ordered in large were very similar, and were nice products also.  It was a great buy.  I'm surprised at how nice the material is for such a cheap dress.


I love this dress, especially with a petticoat!  I went by the sizing chart and it fits perfect all around.  The quality is also very nice for the price.  The only thing is depending on the light I can't make up my mind whether it's a very dark blue background or black.  Either way,​ it's completely worth it.


This dress is amazing. It feels light weight and it hugs your curves perfectly. It looks tight on but you can breathe in it. Only downside is the belt was not what i expected the belt was really tight on me and didn't look good but, but other then that it was perfect.


If you are between sizes, order up. I can fit into Smalls or Mediums and I should have gone with a medium because the arm holes are to tight. I was still able to wear it for 12 hours straight, but my arms hurt by the time I took off this dress. However, that is the only thing I didn't like about this piece. It is great quality, and the white floral print is so cute. I wish it had pockets, but you can't have everything I guess. If I need another swing dress, I will definitely consider buying another print of this one.


Too small/tight and poorly made.  The waist was not sewn properly and looked lopsided.  I returned it.


Love this dress, wore it for a 50's Sock Hop. Fits perfectly and I got a ton of compliments. I bought the GRACE KARIN Women 50s Petticoat Skirts Tutu Crinoline Underskirt CL8922 to wear with it, and it made the outfit. I bought the same exact dress in a different color, though, and it was too tight, missing the belt, and had a big hole in it, so quality control is obviously not consistent. Glad I bought 2, because this one was great!


My girlfriend picked this out for her new job.  I bought her several dresses like this style.  She loves the fit and how it looks.  Fabric and workmanship seem to be nice.  I also bought her a black petticoat to go with it when she wants to dress it up a bit.  So far she's very happy with it.


I was hesitant as to which size to buy. The chart said I need L but because my waist is slightly full, I ordered XL. The dress came and I absolutely love it. The XL was still snug at my waist, but there would have been no way to zip up a large.


I bought the black one and adore it!! I plan to order a floral one next!! The dress quality was much nicer than I expected. Great value!


Fantastic quality for a fantastic price! The material is rather thin but not sheer, but it's light and breathable, perfect for the summer! My husband loved the fit and the print. Definitely recommend! I also bought a Grace Karin petticoat to make it flouncy and I'm very happy with it.


