Perhaps not as generous in sizing as some other brands, this dress is 100% cotton and not very giving. However, if you have a little extra in the middle, the stiffness of the material will hold you in and flatter your figure almost better than any body shaper can do. I couldn't believe how tiny my waist looked in this dress. What a magnificent optical illusion! My only grievances with this dress are: 1. Stiff zipper; it took 3 people to stuff this sausage into the casing. 2. The cotton material wrinkles VERY easily; sitting in the car for over an hour, I got out only to realize the back of my dress was severely wrinkled.


If you're not planning on doing a lot of sitting, then this is a great dress for any occasion. Well constructed and with so many beautiful designs, I highly recommend this dress.


So I got the wrong size the first time because I didn't read the chart.  The size is very true to size.  I am 45 bust and 38 waist and the 1X fits perfect.  Just a tiny bit tight on the arm holes but not unbearable.  I got a petty coat to go with and I'm glad I did it ups the look.  I got this for my bridal shower and Im excited to wear it.


I bought this dress to wear for graduation. It's my first "pin-up" style dress. Following the size chart included in the pictures led to a perfect fit, even though I typically have a hard time finding clothes that I feel fit me well. The material is thick enough that even with a white dress, I'm not concerned about white or tan undergarments showing through.


I've worn this dress just once so far and I received 4 random comments from strangers complementing me on this dress and wanting to know where I bought it. I bought the white dress with black flowers and it's very easy to style. It's comes with a thin black belt, but I also plan to use a wider black belt and colored ribbons with matching shoes.


I absolutely love this dress. After reading the reviews, I knew to make sure I took accurate measurements. As long as you do that, it'll fit perfectly!!! This was my first clothings purchase through Amazon and I couldn't be happier.


The shirt portion of the dress is very full. I won't be wearing a petticoat under it, but it does hang nicely without one. I was uncertain about it, and worried the extra fabric of the full skirt would make my butt look extra big, but it doesn't.


This dress came fast and was nicely packaged. It came in a clear zip bag that had washing instructions on it. The dress fit great and also molded to my body. It came with a black velvety belt. I would highly recommend this dress to anyone. The material is sturdy and was nicely made. I would definitely order from this company again. My favorite part of the dress was all the compliments I received at the event. Recommend this company and dress to anyone who wants a great looking dress for a reasonable price!


I ordered the black floral dress in a 3x and I'm 5'1 250lbs and it fit great but unfortunately I returned because I didnt like how I looked in the floral print. I plan on purchasing another one in a color that looks better on me. I highly suggest these dresses to all of my plus size sisters it is extremely figure flattering.


I bought the Floral Swing Dress (F-21) and also (F-22) in a small size. I love this dress! It is true to size and the material is really good quality and it came with the belt too. The colors are vibrant.


For those who prefer wearing a dress - bottom to top rather than from the top, it has an amazingly long zip, so your dress does not get stuck to your hips while pulling it up. Would surely recommend buying this dress.


Also the Customer Service is really good. They're quick and helpful at answering any questions you may have.


I love thiw dress.


I bougt a 3XL in hopes I could wear it for a wedding i was going to. 3XL fits more like a really REALLY snug 2XL.


If you are busty or a curvier girl and wear a size larger than 20, i would suggest not to get a 3XL as it may need to be let out.


All in all, comfy dress. Love the fit and the color. Im getting 3 more for spring!!


Fit perfect.  I usually wear a size 10 in a dress and medium in tops (34D).  I bought the medium.  I am 5'11" and 150 pounds.  It has some flair without a petticoat.  I did get a petticoat but I am returning it because I think it makes my butt and hips look to wide.  I may purchase one that does not have a double layer up so high.


This dress is strikingly beautiful.  I ordered a small. I am 5'4" with a 34" bust and a 27 " waist and it fits perfectly.  The waistline falls where it should be and the hemline falls in the middle of my knee.  The quality Grace Karin's dresses is superb.  I have since ordered several other of these vintage style dresses and each and every one is beautiful.  I cannot even begin to choose a favorite because I love them all.  I also ordered a Grace Karin petticoat to go underneath.  These dresses look good either way, but the petticoat really puts them over the top.  Fabulous.


