These dresses were purchased for a show choir performance. We have 30 girls, with varying sizes from XS to XXL. The dress did not come in a large enough size for a couple of girls, but we bought 2 dresses, split them at the side seams, and sewed in a piece of fabric from the 2nd dress from under the arm to the bottom hem. With the pattern we chose it was not noticeable at all. We added 1.5" red satin ribbon at the waist and a red petticoat. When paired with boys dressed in black suits with white shirts and red ties the look was stunning on stage.


Because there was a cinching at the waist (whether black belt that came with it, or red ribbon we sewed on at the back zipper) the waist fit in every case. The bodice fit all girls well, with the exception of one girl it was just too big on. Because there were vertical seams over the bust we were able to easily take in the dress through the bust for a final perfect fit.


This is my THIRD "color" of this dress this summer. I have worn all three to weddings and strangers were stopping me to compliment me on my dress. Classy, fun and timeless. Don't skip the petticoat and you'll bring down the house!


Omg this dress with a petticoat was so pretty. The fit was perfect. I looked like a southern charm


 It is impossible to accurately describe how much I love this dress.  Being of a larger size, I don't typically order clothing over the internet (too many body shape issues to deal with).  When I saw this dress, I just had to take the chance.  I followed the manufacturer's sizing chart (the one included in the photos) an ordered the 1XPlus.  My measurements are 45" bust, 39" waist and I am 190 pounds.  Imagine my delight when it arrived and I anxiously tried it on to find it fit perfectly.  Whew!  What a relief!  Even the thin belt included was long enough.


The dress fabric is wonderful with a good weight to it and enough spandex to make it fit comfortably.  The included belt is thin and flocked on the top.  Heavy people don't usually like thin belts, but this one didn't look too bad.  You can always purchase a wider belt for it.  I see some people complained about the length of the belt since there are no belt loops to hold the extra length in place.  The belt is made of a rubber material and looks to me like you could simply snip off the end.  Or make a ribbon strap around it to hold it down.


You don't "need" a petticoat with this, but adding one just puts it over the top.  I purchased the 


 in a size Large to wear with it.  It fit perfectly on both my waist size and length.


I am including a few pictures of me in the dress.  I was so anxious to take pictures and leave this review that I don't even mind (much) that I look horrible because I am not made up nicely in it.  Keep in mind that I am not wearing the proper undergarments in the photos.  A girdle and hose will definitely help smooth out the waistline some.  The pictures show both a white and a black petticoat underneath.  They are also poor quality photos (crappy camera and poor lighting) and don't capture the color and texture that this dress has.


I actually love this so much that I am about to order two more (with a third in reserve for later).


Edited 12/6/16:  I received my other two dresses (solid black and white with blue flowers) so have added a video review as well.


I followed the product review and ordered a size bigger and it fit perfectly.  It's a beautiful dress  I loved it at first sight.


This is more a warning review! I ordered this dress originally in a large after reading other reviews as I am 5'9" and 150lbs but when I received the dress it had at least 2 extra inches in the waist. Other than the size I LOVED the dress; the cotton felt great and the shape was wonderful  (posted picture of original dress). I have no idea how to sew so I decided to send it back and reorder the same dress in a medium. When it arrived I was so excited but as soon as I opened it I felt it was NOT the same dress. The second dress was mostly a polyester material and so thin you could see my tattoo on my stomach through the material and the sewing was terrible and uneven. I contacted the seller multiple times and he wouldn't tell me why the material was wrong. Finally after reading a little further I missed a warning in the description that states to MAKE sure you're buying from GK Queen as others are imitation and lower quality. I went backed and looked and sure enough the second time I bought was from some Aikan. So frustrated right now I'm just giving up on the dress as I've had nothing but bad luck with it.


I followed the size chart, and ordered based on my measurements, and I'm a curvy girl. It fit perfectly. I'm 5'1", so it hits me right below the knees. I didn't have any of the fit issues that I've seen in other reviews. You don't really need the petticoat, but it hangs sort of sad if you don't wear one. I put a red ribbon belt on it instead of the black one that came with it. I thought it was cuter.


So cute, I love it. fits perfectly and is true to size.


I got some many compliments on this dress!!! Pretty good quality for the price. I wore it with a petticoat.


This dress has become my favorite wardrobe item since I ordered it a week or two ago. The fabric is a thick, unlined cotton that, although it doesn't feel like a ball gown, is very comfortable and feels nice enough that I'm confident wearing it to formal events. The cut is very flattering to someone with a pear-shaped figure, and especially when paired with a petticoat it is enough to make you feel cute as heck! If you're already considering it, this is definitely a dress I would recommend.


The one and only down side to me is the cleaning requirements for this dress. When it arrived in the mail the tag said "dry clean" (but not "dry clean only"), which as a starving college student was almost a deal breaker for me. Still I was so in love with the style that, after reading more of the reviews, I decided to try hand washing the dress in cold water and- voila! It worked perfectly without any color loss, stretching, or shrinking, and even when put through a cold cycle in the washing machine it works perfectly so long as you lay it flat to dry rather than tumble drying it. It means that a little more time goes into cleaning the dress than usual, but it honestly IS worth it given how nice the dress is for such a low price.


Photos shown are with and without a petticoat.


