Loved this dress!  For reference I am 5'1" 115# 32D and ordered a small.  The dress fit like it was made for me.  I was worried it would be too long but with a petticoat under the dress it hit at the knee.  Well made, arrived clean, pressed and ready to wear.  I needed it for a derby party and ended up going with a skirt but would order this dress for another occasion.  I highly recommend!


Fantastic and affordable dress!  I have gotten a lot of compliments every time I wear it.  The zipper is easy to manage and the belt has small loops to keep it around the waist. 5'5 135 lb, medium fits well.


This dress is beautifully made with a lovely fabric. It feels nice to wear and looks sharp. The fit was as expected. I ordered an XXL (usually an XL) as previous purchasers said it was a little snug if you are chesty.


I got so many compliments on my dresses while doing a major PR event in DC! These dresses were the perfect addition to my signature style while on camera!


Really well made dress.  The fabric is a nice solid weight and the dress is beautiful.  The belt seems to be one size fits all, so it was a little on the big side for a small sized dress but overall this dress was wonderful


My 12 year old daughter loves all things vintage.  She LOVES this dress.  She wears and x-small and it fits her perfectly.  VERY well made and washes well.


Love this dress! I’m 5’3”, 36D, 155lbs and bought in an XL based on the sizing charts and reviews. It’s super flattering dress and well made for the cost. It’s worth it!!! My bf also loved it!


I did like the design, but with a larger chest the dress did not fit properly.  I had to return, which made me sad, but the return process was easy and fast.


Excellent dress !!! Very comfortable and got loads of compliments for the outfit. This is my first ever apparel order thru Amazon and I am very satisfied with the experience.. Will definitely be ordering more!


need to suck it in wearing this baby..very cute tho.  wish I knew how to post pics


