I cannot believe this beautiful dress was less than $30! The quality is of much higher priced brands. It's a perfect blend of poly/stretch that feels so comfortable and really works with  your body to conceal flaws and create and hourglass. The cut is just right. I like my dresses longer for modesty and this one comes to mid-shin on me so it's perfect (I'm only 5 foot tall, so taller gals should expect it to be closer to the knee). I'm a size 12 and the large fits me like a glove and looks fabulous. The print is gorgeous, just like the picture and the fabric has just enough stretch to smooth out any body wrinkles in my midsection (so I don't notice my muffin top!) I felt beautiful and confident in this dress! The only flaw I could note is that the belt is skinnier than pictured. It wasn't enough to take off a star or anything though. It's still a nice velvety fabric and not cheaply made belt, just a little thinner than it looks in the photo. I love this dress so much I'm already planning to buy it in several more prints!


I bought this as an Easter dress. I read the other reviews carefully and chose a size small. I am 5 ft 4, 122 lbs, and a 32B. It fit nicely. The dress hit right at my upper-mid knee. It was not tight across my bust, there was a touch of room, though not enough to look funny. I have narrow shoulders and this fit great. However, the waist hit about 3/4 of an inch above my natural waist and I am not particularly long-torsoed. With the belt it looked fine and not funny, but I wanted to point this out in case it matters to anyone. The fabric was nice and solid--not really see through even though there was a lot of white (though i did wear appropriate undergarments). And while yes, as others have noted, it's not particularly soft, this is a mostly cotton blend--think 100% cotton bed sheet not jersey. Washing and fabric softener might help. I got the red floral print and it was nice and bright -- there are yellow accents in it that didn't really show on my computer screen, though I'm fine with it. I wore a short crinoline with it and it puffed out nicely, though it didn't really need it at all. It just changed the look slightly.  I do anticipate this being a bear to iron though.


I just opened this and I'm already in love!!! The packaging was wonderful, the dress material is exactly what I expected and it's just beautiful! Unfortunately I'm a bigger gal (for now) and hate shopping for clothes! I saw pictures from other ladies about my size and they looked so cute in the dress, so I gave it a shot....and couldn't be happier! For reference I'm 5'4" and 200 lbs. I purchased the 2X and it feels very comfortable. I also purchased the petticoat in black, size 1X. They look great together! I may go with a thicker belt, but overall I couldn't be more pleased! Like others I may purchase this again in a couple of other patterns.


UPDATE: Wore this to the wedding last night and loved it! I got compliments and felt so comfortable in it! We have another wedding to attend in April and I'm buying this in another pattern!


This was the dress I chose to wear to my courthouse wedding that I paired with a 3/4 sleeve fitted cropped sweater.  I got a lot of compliments on it and the fit was perfect.  I actually bought the burgundy version as well and decided on the blue for my wedding.  When choosing the size, go by the size provided by the seller and not Amazon.  I'm pretty sure this is an Asian company so the sizes will run small if you go with your normal sizing.  The only complaint that I had was the belt is not very good quality.  After trying the dress on several times with the belt on and off and crinolin on and off, I noticed the belt was starting to crack.  I just ended up getting a better quality one at Kohls.  The dress seems very well made and the quality of the fabric is pretty good.  Another reviewer had mentioned the color fading and based on that review, I used a home dry-clean kit for my dress.  The pricing was also fantastic and less expensive than for me to make it myself.  Overall, I love both of my dresses and finally have something in my closet not black to wear to future weddings.  If I wasn't such an introvert and had more places to go, I would be adding more from this seller's dresses to my wardrobe.  I might anyway.


This is officially my FAVORITE package I've ever ordered. It is absolutely gorgeous and fits perfectly! I ordered a large, and I'm usually a medium/large. Ordered the large in case it was too small, and I'm glad I did because this fits so comfortably well!! I was worried at first, because although I'm short in height, I have a small belly that pops out every now and again. But despite that, this dress works in all the right places!


Also, I don't like dresses that are short at all, and this one turned out to be just the right length. I'm going to save it for a special occasion and match it with some beautiful heels. Ladies... I'm not usually this excited over a dress, but believe me, if you're doubting on buying this.... don't. Just buy it already!!


This dress is perfect!!! Well made, great material and excellent fit. I was really concerned about the sizing but I followed their chart (not amazon's) and it fit like it was made for me. I like when people put their measurements and size ordered so here goes. I'm 5'4 34 D and 27.75" waist and I ordered a medium. I'm short waisted so it hit perfectly at my natural waist. I absolutely plan on buying more colors.


The reviews are confusing, but for my daughter who is 5'3" and about 108 pounds, a small was too big.  The material is a bit stiff, but perhaps that would have changed if we had washed it.  The belt that came with it must have been a one-size-fits large belt, as it was completely unwearable even if the small would have fit.  The cut of this dress is very flattering and the way the bottom of this dress moves is as well.  The stitching on the dress was ok, looked like raw edges may have led to some hemming in the future, but lots of dresses that cost much more than this one are finished perfectly either.


I purchased this dress because of the good review in it , and you know what I'm thankful I did.


It's all perfect . I just bought petticoat and make my own to wear underneath . I made my own belt and bought those materials from Joanne .


A big thanks to the seller , my very first tea party dress was amazing , and my friends love my dress.


I have picture and I hope this review will help you .


Purchased a size small for my daughter who is 11 1/2 for her valentine dance at school.  Popular dresses in style now are super super short, and since my daughter is a bit of a tomboy and doesnt normally wear dresses, she did not want anything that she wouldnt be comfortable in (ex: cant bend over or dance in without flashing folks).  We shopped on here and she fell in love with this dress and the print!  (roses with black polka dots). I have to admit I loved the style too...very retro! The price was great, so we decided to get it.  She probably could have fit into the extra small, but we played it safe and got the small.  She loved the dress and got many compliments on it....one boy even told her she looked beautiful  :)  We are going on a cruise in a few months so this will be perfect for one of the formal nights....we didnt purchase the petticoat, but I might get it for the cruise.  It looked cute without it though.  Well made and pretty dress!  What a deal!


I was so excited to get this dress. I just love the 50s housewife style, and this dress was absolutely perfect for that look.


As soon as I opened it up, I was afraid it would be too big. I am 5'5" and weigh 130 lbs, and I ordered an XL as per the size chart. I totally could have gone a size or two smaller, as it's quite loose fitting.


However, once I added the belt it looks just fine. It's not exactly fitted the way it should be, but it still looks fine. It hits just below my knees. I already have a white petticoat that I'm going to pair it with, but this dress can totally kill with or without it.


It's very well made, the fabric is nice, the pattern is gorgeous, and the hidden zipper is a nice addition. Because it's sleeveless, I'm going to order a nice white cardigan so I can go ahead and start wearing it now while it's cold and not have to wait until it warms up.


Overall, very happy with this purchase.


