I tried on this dress immediately after it was delivered because I was too excited. I am 5'5" 4-6 dress size, 36C bra size and a small fits perfectly. Very flattering! I suggest getting a petticoat underneath to make the dress flair like the picture. The material is excellent quality for the price. I will definitely be ordering more dresses from this label!


I was not holding my breath for this dress to fit and/or look cute on me ... but this dress made me breathless. So happy, I actually smile from ear to ear when I wear it. I have not washed it let or really wore it much, but it looks to be good quality. I plan on buying more! Note: I did get the Tutu skirt and I love the dress with and without the slip.


I am so in love with the retro look.


Fits and looks great. At least I am small busted, so it's perfect for me. Might be too tight for a large busted woman. The fabric has stretch, which is helpful. I would just like some kind of fabric belt to be included. I feel I need to find one to make it a better finished look.


I bought this for my 15yr old daughter. It fit great and she loves the dress.  It is so hard to find pretty, modest flattering dresses in the stores. Everything is low cut, extremely short.  This dress is beautiful and fits beautifully. She wears about a size 4 dress and I bought the small.  Length just covers  the knee.


I bought this for a 50's party but also wanted a dress I could wear at other occasions too. It's very cute. I would say it runs a little bit on the small side - it's a little snug around my neck, shoulders and arms. I'm still planning to wear it as I feel the next size up may make the waistline too big.


It is well made and am happy to add it to my wardrobe.


This dress is so pretty and high quality that I'd like to order more in different colors. The fabric is comfortable to the skin and fits me perfectly.  Thank you for the dress in such reasonable price!


I love, love, love this dress.  I have a 36G chest am 5'8" and weigh 170 pounds.  It fits perfectly!  I got an XXL


Very pretty. I feel like I have too much room in the belly area. My biggest complaint is that it is one piece of fabric basically there is no lining. The fabric is fairly heavy but you may need a slip depending on your underwear and the lighting.


Beautiful dress but it was kinda small. It also arrived late even though I selected 2 day shipping with Amazon Prime :(


