The dress is small and the neck line is not as appears... looks like a tank top instead of a boat neck. Seems well made... however the neck line was a big disappointment.


It's fits great! Very cute! Shipped quick.  Would buy again!


I'm 5'7" and the waste on this dress came up way too high. It's made for shorter women. Otherwise I would have loved it.


The dress is so comfortable! But it didn't fit my 42DDD chest. Other than that I loved it! Will order the next size up when my refund gets here!


If you order by the size chart ace measurements you should be fine. The material is soft, the dress fits perfectly, and great price. I wish there was something that came with the dress to make it more poofy towards the bottom but that isn't a big deal.


I love this dress so much! Got many many compliments in it. I'm definitely getting more.


Love this dress cute and comfy!! Everyone loved it!! Very classy!!


This is a great dress.


Disclaimer: I neither received a discount nor free products for this review. I want to leave a detailed review for those, like me, who read reviews 3x over before purchasing online.


This dress is perfection! It arrived early which was great! About the fit: I am 6 ft tall and it falls about an inch below my knee. 42DD, 39" waist. Unfortunately I don't know my hip measurements, but for this dress it was not necessary. I ordered a 4x because in photos It looked like the dress didn't stretch, which it doesn't. However it fit perfectly! It is definitely true to size. It's fitted and still has enough wiggle room, which is lovely. The material is heavier as I expect from an old fashioned swing/party dress and the quality is fantastic. The color is beautiful! I also purchased Ollie Ames basic shrug in black to go with this dress and it's a beautiful combination. If you're looking for a flattering 50's style party dress get this one! It will not disappoint.


Great dress. I have worn it once. Random people stopped me to give compliments. The only thing I don't like is the belt. The dress didn't have enough loops to keep the belt in place. I jettisoned the belt after about an hour.


