I love this dress and another one I bought in a different pattern. Nice, good quality fabric, well stitched, very flattering, even without the crinoline skirt under it. I bought the crinoline and tried it, but it looked a little costumey for church. I wore it without and it was still nice and full around the skirt.


I ordered a medium. I normally wear a size 4, and it's just slightly big, but passable. Medium would fit a size 6 perfectly, I think.


The belt is kinda cheap, but I'm not complaining, really. It's ok. I could always wear another belt with it.


Overall, I'm madly in love with my new dresses. :)


This dress is nice! The fabric itself is not of the best quality, but the cut is lovely. The material is a little stiff and will need to be ironed. I ordered my dress in black and have decided to wear it without a tulle slip. It is perfect for going out to dinner or for work. Everybody needs a classy black dress. :)


My husband ordered this dress for me and I am IN LOVE. I can't wait for a date night so I can wear this dress.


Definitely check the sizing guide and take the time to measure yourself it is definitely worth it.


AND BUY A PETTICOAT!


The perfect fit. Bust all the way down. Love  love love this dress. Looks sexy but mature and that's the exact look I was going for for my graduation. Super excited to wear it and will be ordering other colors soon. The material is great also. Was a little shocked that the color here looked different from the actual dress but once I put it on and looked in the mirror I knew I had found the perfect dress.


I've bought this dress twice now. Once for myself over a year ago and another for my mother for Christmas this year. The material is soft but structures and holds up to being washed. The belt is cheap and useless, but for the price it's worth it to just get the dress and use or buy a different belt.


What a great dress! It's thick, but lightweight. I'm 5'2 and it hit me right under the knee. I measured myself and according to the size chart I was in between sizes. According to other reviews, it was recommended to buy a size ho so I did. It was definitely too big, so I returned it for the smaller size. It's still a tad big, but still fits. I do recommend getting a petty coat underneath. Great buy!


Really love this dress!!


(Size 2X for 5'5" abt 160 Lbs-/+.)


Very satisfied! The fabric is substantial and hangs nicely with quality sewn seams and hems. Comes with lovely narrow black belt. This dress can be dressed up w/ pumps & jewelry or worn casually w/flats & cardigan.


I absolutely LOVE this dress. I am very leary when it comes to ordering dresses on line for fear they don't fit well. Let me tell you!!! This dress is TRUE to size!! It fits great and i couldn't be more pleased!! I took it to the cleaners to have the wrinkles smoothed because i did not want to mess up the flow of the dress.


I am definitely going to purchase more of these dressess!! I bought the medium sized...8-10 and it fits great! You will not be disappointed!!


I am usually pretty leery about buying clothing online because I like to try them on first but after reading the reviews for this dress I took a chance. The price was amazing! This dress fit me super well! (I was really surprised at how accurate the measurements were!)


The material is thick and sturdy yet not too warm. I cannot say enough good things about this dress!


I bought a black crinoline to go underneath and it made it poof out and added to the vintage factor!


This dress is adorable and a great price. I usually wear a medium but I went up to a large because my measurement were right on the cusp. The dress is a little large, but it is very comfortable. My only critique would be that it came in a mailing bag and was very wrinkled. I will have to iron. I am trading to Arizona for a wedding from Maine so I am just going to wait till I get there, other than that it is a great value and so cute


I can't wait to show it off


