Slip into a dress that is gorgeous, lined and luxurious.  Fit snug, but not tight.  Fit the waist like a swimsuit.  If you like looser go up a bit.


OMG love love love this dress. Following suggestions I ordered a size bigger to make sure that the bust area fits. I wear a 40dd. I also know that if I need to take it in it will be easy.


This was the second of four dresses like this that I bought. I absolutely love them! They are so beautiful and feminine. They take me back in time. The material and workmanship is top-notch.


the material was ok but the down side to this dress is that the torso was short so you would look pregnant in the dress because of the flare


Beautiful dress. Nice quality fabric. The length is perfect. In the photo it appears to be a wider tank strap. The shoulder piece is 2". It really needs the white petticoat to puff out the skirt. We ordered that too and the combination looks great. I ordered a medium for my 5'6", 135 lb. daughter. The length went to her knees and fit perfectly everywhere else.


5'7", 150 lbs, bust 36c - purchased in size large and it fits like a glove!! Even though I bought it for Halloween, I feel confident that I will wear it for other occasions. I bought 2 poofy underthings which makes the hem really spread out (great for Halloween, less ideal for daily wear). I am buying a few more in different colors. The price is right and so is the fit. Be warned, this dress is polyester and feels stiff but I don't think it is a problem.


I bought this dress to have a fun dress for swing dancing.  I have received lots of complements on it.  I have a long torso and a 36C chest and the L was too small. The belt hits at an empire level and I believe it is supposed to be at the waist. It is very tight through the chest and rib cage.  I am keeping it because i am losing weight and hope it will fit even better as i do, but i am guessing the fact that the waist part of the dress hits so high won't change.


This dress is amazing. If you are thinking about it, go for it! I got compliments all night and felt amazing in it! For reference I got a 1X and I am 5'10 and 245 lb. Trust me on this one, it's perfect!


I wore this on a cruise and I had people coming up to me left and right with compliments.  It is so cute!  I had the perfect pair of green shoes to compliment it.


Lovely Dress. I used the size chart in the description and the dress fits perfectly. This dress laundered well on the delicate cycle, cold water, and air dry. I also purchased the white petticoat and it really gives this dress the right finishing touch. We ordered XS for my daughter and the dress is just perfect, not skin tight, but not at all baggy. The hem is right at the lower edge of the kneecap.


