I was debating whether I should buy this dress based on some of the reviews but I'm glad I did. I purchased the Medium and the dress fits like a dream!


For reference I'm 5'8", 160lbs, a medium on top (38B) and a large on the bottom (10). It hits me right at the knee, is tight in all the right places, and loose and flowy where it's supposed to. The only drawback is the high waist. It would be suited more for a woman with a short torso, on me it's almost an empire fit. But I easily fixed it with a wide belt that hid the seam.


You don't have to add a petticoat but I highly recommend it. I purchased the white dress with black flowers, added a black petticoat and it looks stunning.


Beautiful swing dress, but the fabric was stiffer than expected and because it was larger than expected the stiffness of the fabric pooched outward in irregular ways where it was too big. I had to alter it and take a few places in so it confirmed better to my size. The measurements listed were just not very accurate on Amazon.


I have 2 sets of photos one with a 26" petticoat and one without. I prefer with a petty. It fits perfectly. I'm 5 9" tall and it wasnt short like most dresses, fabric was nice and not thin. Im buying more colors for sure. Heres my measurements if it helps anyone. Also the zipper was nice and long not squeezing.


I order a large and fit like a glove.


Bra 36DD (44 inches around boobs)


5 9" athletic build


Size 12 pants


Shirts usually L


This dress is beautiful.  It came very well packaged and did not have a smell.  Only minor creases were seen that I will try to iron out.  The only reason I did not give it a 5 star rating was because of the belt.  It has a very strong odor smell and I probably will not let my daughter put it on the dress and replace it with another small belt.  But other than that it is very pretty and shipped right away.


Love this dress. I have never owned a dress like this before. I USUALLY WEAR tighter shape curve hugging type dresses. I was just looking for a change. I was shocked when I put it on and just like that..bam.... I LOOK like a zillion bucks. My boyfriend could not stop telling me how beautiful I looked in it. I NORMALLY wear a medium BUT I brought this large so I could breathe and not feel like a wrapped up mummy(smile). I wore it with a black petticoat and it will make your man holler and spend a dollar. Again if you need room in the chest and arms you best buy a size larger than you normally wear. It does stretch a little but still go one size up. Oh yeah, I replaced that skinny belt with a wider one and it makes your waist look even smaller.


I have never gotten as many compliments from complete strangers than I have wearing a collection of these dresses. They fit great and are super comfortable. I'm about a size 18 and the 2XL fits me perfectly and comfortably.


The sizing was as advertised, the dress and style left something to be desired. Personal preference is always hard to discern when writing/reading reviews... so, if you like this style, please know that our decision to return the item was solely based on personal style and preference.


I absolutely loved this dress and received so many compliments on it. I used the size chart under product images and the dress fit perfectly. It has a little bit of stretch so it fit very well. It comes with a very flimsy belt, but I was not too concerned over using it. I bought a petticoat to wear under it, but it seemed like it had enough flare for me not to have to use it.


This dress was everything I wanted it to be. I still have a little pooch from my 7 month old and it was incredibly flattering. Tight everywhere I needed it to be, Flowy everywhere I needed it to be. Super comfortable fabric too. Such an amazing price for the dress too. The fabric looks and feels very high quality. BUY THIS DRESS! (For reference I bought a Medium. I'm 5'8" 140 lbs 36 B cup)


This dress is every bit as beautiful in real life as the picture shows. It is very well-made, and though I thought it was going to be a little too big for her in the waist, it wasn't at all and the belt just "cinched" the deal. It was a gorgeous birthday gift that got a big happy dance from the recipient.


