Beautiful dress, just a tich big for my daughter...maybe she will grow into it.  Well made.


Perfect dress for my cousin's wedding.  Aside from the bride, i was the most complimented woman there.  looks best with a petticoat, and i wore some black wedge mary jane style heels. super cute vintage 50s look.


I wore this dress to an outdoor event. It was a very comfortable and classy dress. The fact that it was cotton made it breathable in the hot weather. Great price was also a plus!! Would definitely recommend it.


LOVE This dress. It was great for my Bridal Shower. I've gotten so many compliments on it.


I am so excited!! This dress is so beautiful, really well made. I am 5'4.5, about 138 pounds, I ordered a medium and it's a tiny bit loose, but I'm almost certain a small would be too small. I will def ordering many more! The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5, is for some reason the dress was damp. It was in a bag inside of a bag. I think I saw others who said the same. Other than that it's amazing!!!


This dress is so pretty! My daughter loves it. It looks more expensive than it was. It was true to size. Very happy with it.


I am really impressed by the quality of this item for the price. It is a well made 100% cotton dress and is exactly as pictured. I also ordered a tea length crinolin to go underneath and i highly recommend that if you want the skirt to be nice and full.  I am definitely going to order this dress in some of the other prints thatare available.


The dress’ material didn’t seem too great. Also, I normally wear a 3XL but the dress was a bit too small. I just returned back the dress.


This dress was beautiful and fit wonderfully. The problem came when I ordered it in black. See my other review. I will NEVER do business with them again.


Returned it.  too stiff.  too large  ordered a small and I am 5'2" 110  the length was too long, the fit on the shoulders too big, but I think the stiffness of the dress was what I didn't like the most.


