The colors in this dress are even more vibrant than portrayed on the screen.  I am 5'4" and weigh 277 lbs.  but this dress fit perfectly. The belt is even big enough.  Will wear with a short sleeved summer sweater this weekend.


This is a beautiful and comfortable dress!  I will definitely order from this brand again!  I've worn it to a lot of weddings this summer and have received endless compliments on it. It is a nice thick material that you can't see through.  It has a nice weight to it so it hangs very nicely on!


Great for. Sturdy material & well sewn hems. Would definitely recommend! Will purchase another dress from this seller. Recommend the, sold separately, slip. The last picture shown without the slip.


It's a beautiful dress, but is kinda tight around the butt area to zip up. Once it is zipped up, it looks good, but wish it was bigger. I keep thinking I will bust the zip if I take a deep breath. I usually wear a size L and ordered an XL just to be on the safer size. Oh well!


People loved this dress on me. I on the other hand felt it was mediocre. It was cute for sure, but really long on my 5'4" body. I'm 190 lbs so I ordered the xl. I don't think the large would have fit in the bust area because this one fit just right and I'm a 36d. For the price tho, I'm keeping it for a vintage style photo shoot. Also you would definitely need a crinoline with this to get that puffy look at the bottom of the dress.


Love this dress! Wore it for a party. It was perfect. Love black and white, white and black dresses. Fit perfect. Length was perfect. Hit at the bottom of my knees. If you want it shorter you could get it hemmed. The material is very good quality. The belt has almost a velvety finish. Nice touch.


Love the dress, just too big at top.  Returned for a small.  Reference- I am  5’4”, around 130 something in weight.  I am dramatically smaller  on top/waist than my hips.  (Pear shape).  I wear a size 4/6 dress and xs or small top.


Bought it for my daughters culmination. She looked beautiful and she loved it. I purchased a size small witch is what she usually wears. Great purchase highly recommend


My honey told me that I make the 50s look great! He despises these vintage style dresses but he said that this was a very good look on me. I initially bought it to wear to my daughter's graduation but in protest from her I went casual. A friend of mine loved how it looked on me so much that she went in and purchased two in one sitting. This is definitely something that I will have many of. Love Love LOVE this dress! Finally Vintage Style I can afford.


I bought this dress for a wedding I went to and got many complements. I think its really cute on and the size was accurate to what I normally wear. The belt that came with it was too small though and could not wear it. Overall though, nice dress.


