I purchased this item to wear to a garden party.  I am returning it because the dress was too big.  It is an absolutely stunning dress.  The material has a silky feel to it.  It is a little on the heavier side but not super heavy.  I would feel comfortable wearing this dress during the summer.  I was almost tempted to keep it, but I feel that it would take too mush work to alter.  Loved it!!


I’m 5 feet and a half inch, 134 pounds, and a 36 inch chest. I ordered a medium and it fit perfectly! It hit right at the knee. It’s more of a silk texture, but it’s thick and definitely form fitting. I usually struggle to find a dress that flatters my shape and this dress has hit the mark! The floral pattern is gorgeous! Definitely going to buy more colors/patterns of this style dress!


The dress came with part of the zipper sewn into the fabric. Plus it was too small.


I am 5'7", about 200lbs, wide hips, bra size 36B. I ordered an XL in the wine color for an Xmas party and I absolutely love it!! The length comes down just below the knee and it is comfortable! I bought a petticoat to go under to fluff it out more, but it is great either way. Since it was winter, I wore a black shrug with it which paired nicely. I felt very comfortable and fancy in this dress! I love this 50's style!


Th dress is well made.  The XS fits me well all over, but the waist is a little too tight.  I decided to order the small to try.  While it is more comfortable around the waist, it is too big all around, and the waist falls below my normal waist line.  Since it is a darker color, the waist line issue is not very obvious, I use the belt without threading it through the hoops.  I also need to wear a push up bra as well.  I love the style so much that I don't want to return.  If this was in a brighter color, I might have needed to return it because the waist line would be too low and the light color would make it very obvious.  I am 5 ft tall, 100 lbs and obviously wide at the waist.  :D


I really wanted to like this dress. I guess my chest just isn't big enough for it. It puckered above and below my breasts in an unflattering manner. I am also lazy and this dress would require ironing before wearing. Returned it.


The dress fits perfectly. I took my measurements and matched with the size guide and fits great. Couple of things... the dress isn’t lined (but I’m in Florida so I prefer no lining) and there wasn’t a belt with my dress. It will need to be ironed a bit before I wear it. Other than there not being a belt I’m happy with the dress.


Ordered this in blue dots for a 4th of July party. I wanted something cool (cotton) and festive without being too obvious of the holiday. I am 5'11" with a 34f bust. I usually wear a 14 or 16 in dresses of this style, and I ordered up to a 3x thinking it might be loose in the waist, but give me more length and room in the bust. It actually fits very well, is a little loose in the waist as I thought, but is comfortable and flattering overall. I wish the bodice was an inch longer so the waist line hit more at my smallest part, and I also would prefer the skirt length to hit at the middle of my knee rather than an inch above, but for the price these are small quibbles that I have with most dresses due to being tall. I'll still get a lot of use out of it and will most likely order another color!


Thrilled, its a gorgeous dress and fantastic fit and quality for the price. The belt is obviously cheap and has a weird smell, but I was expecting that. I'm 5'2 typically a size 10-12 dress and I've got a larger chest and it fit perfectly. You might want to wear a petticoat if you want it to poof out like in the photo though. My roommates all want to order one too! I'm planning to buy more in a few colors.


I absolutely love this dress. Haven't worn it, waiting for my bday party. I will update the review if needed afterwards. The fit is amazing. The top fits me without being tight and I am a 36DDD. I ordered the 2XL even though I'm usually a large in most items, I weigh about 190 and I'm about 5'4". The skirt looks lovely and there is a lot of movement to it. I can't wait to order it in different colors. If you are trying to decide if this dress is worth it, it definitely is. Buy it! Just make sure to do your research on the sizes.


