This dress is flattering I'm so glad I purchased a Medium, it fit perfectly. I'm 5'4, weigh 130 pounds and I wear a size 34B. I also have a bit of broad shoulders which I took into account. I bought two dresses, one for a wedding and another for a mommy and me tea party event. So  excited to wear them both. The material is really nice and sturdy, it came nicely packaged and with a few wrinkles but I have enough time to address that issue. I can definetly see myself purchasing more in different colors. I also purchased the Grace Karin petticoat in ivory white and it does give the dress that added volume which makes it look fabulous. As many other reviewers have commented the belt that comes with it really doesn't do the dress justice but I can easily find another one or wear it without. I'll ll definetly  post pictures of the events.


Fits exactly as expected from the size chart. The waist falls a little too high for me but not their fault as I'm long waisted. Can't wait to wear it for Easter! I'm normally a size 14/L-XL and 38ddd. Followed the size chart and ordered a 1x. Perfect fit. Trying to decide if I want to get an underskirt. Stands out quite a bit without it, but sure would add a little extra with one.


Love the dress!  Its a bit large around the neckline, but not too tight in the waist.  I am short 5'3 which also affects sizing.  I wish it was a different material but its ok. I got a size larger than I usually wear because these type dresses usually are to small in the waist.  Since it was so inexpensive (but does not look cheap),  I'll just have it tailored to fit in the neckline and shoulders. It will be perfect then.  I'll probably buy a black one.


I was worried when I purchased this, I really wasn't sure, but the price was worth giving it a try. It is beautiful. The fabric is heavy and very good quality. It exceeded my expectations. I ordered a 3x and it fit like a glove. I do need to get a shrug, its could out here! Its perfect for the Valentines dance I plan to attend. I'm excited that this opens a whole new world of shopping for me. I might order a petticoat, it doesn't need it but they are only $15 and heck why not?


I really liked these dresses when I saw them! They were very modest and classy! I did all my measurements and basically came in between Small and Medium. So I decided to buy both sizes. But Medium was quite larger. So I am returning that one. I would say if you are a more chesty girl and have a thicker waist the Medium is perfect. I am 5' 2" and about 125. But I carry my weight in my bottom half, so because of the flare of the dress it hides that, and the top for me was perfect in small. Hope this helps someone else! Great dress for the price!


I absolutely love this dress !!! I wore it for my birthday tea party !!! The floral pattern was gorgeous and the fabric felt like a raw organic cotton. I got it in a small size and it was perfect !


Fits good! 5'2" ~115lb ordered small. Washed in warm water.


I get a ton of compliments on this dress, and everyone asks where I bought it. You cannot beat the quality for the price. I would wear a slip under it, only because the dress is not lined, and if you wear darker foundation garments with a white-field dress, there's a chance it will show through. That said, I would buy this dress in multiple prints.


Very nice dress for the price! Originally ordered a large but had to return due to it being little too big on top. Medium fit great. I'm 5' 2" and the length was perfect, fell to about the bottom of my knee. Wore to a wedding and got many compliments! I ordered a petticoat to go under it but found that for me the dress really didn't need it, it looks great without it, so returning it. Buy this dress!


Great dress!  It fits as expected and is flattering.  It goes with a lot of different accessories. The skirt has a nice bouncy flare to it without looking even slightly bulky. I have worn it to work a few times and was complimented by people who never even usually speak to me along.  I completely recommend it.  Well made too!


