We love love LOVE this dress!!!! I bought it for my granddaughter for her graduation in June. It arrived fast and when she came over this weekend and tried it on it just fit like it was made for her. Shoes and some pearls and it will be complete !!!!


This is a great dress. Came exactly as advertised. The only thing is I wasn't sure it would fit because of "my girls". I took my measurements before ordering and knew I would be secured but I was snug. But otherwise I love it and got a ton of compliments


This is one of my favorite dresses. Each time I wear it out, I receive a number of compliments on it. It fit me as expected, is flattering, and is modest yet fashionable. My main recommendation is to be prepared to iron it occasionally. The material is somewhat wrinkle-prone, but the dress is of great quality and I am very happy with the purchase.


This dress is so lovely, high quality and hangs just right on your body. I sized up from my normal size because of what the reviews said and it fit perfectly. I wore this to my son's wedding and I got so many compliments and it felt amazing on. It can be dressed up for a special event, I wore a black crinoline under it which made it look retro, or you could wear it to the office. I want to get this dress in other colors.


Cute dress if you don't look too closely.  Seams are uneven, particularly at the neckline, bust and waistline.  The belt is too thin to cover up the fact that the seam between top and bottom half oscilates towards the top and bottom.  It is very obvious that the bust panel is not centered.  The poor construction is unfortunate since the dress is otherwise really cute.  I would recommend only for a costume but not for daily wear.


This is an absolutely beautiful dress, it fits perfectly and looks amazing! I’ve ordered a very small petticoat to go under it because it’s so much fun to twirl in lol. The belt is kinda cheap but the dress is magnificent and doesn’t really need it. You can use a wide ribbon and get the same visual effect. Love it!!


Outstanding dress for an outstanding price!


I bought this dress for my daughters wedding reception and all I got was compliment after compliment. I bought the slip to wear with it and it really made the dress!  I would highly recommend this dress. My other daughter just got engaged and is considering buying this dress for her bridesmaids.


This dress runs big based on the size chart I ordered one that went with my size but it was much to big for me when I got it so I had to order s size smaller then what the chart said.


Quality Dress that looks just like the ad. Very nice stitching using very good quality material.  Fits and flairs just like the picture...my wife is 5'6"... 135lbs varies from size 4 and 6 depending on the manufacture.  the small was perfect.


I love this dress! The fit is perfect. I don't usually purchase clothing without trying them on first but all the great reviews had me sold. The dress seems to be very well made. I purchased mine in black for a party, but I will definitely be purchasing in other colors as well. The belt was almost too big, but i have a small waistline.  I also purchased the petticoat in white from this seller. All in all, this is a well made, and beautiful dress.


