This dress is absolutely stunning and fits perfectly! The only bad things about it are that when delivered it is very wrinkled, and it wrinkles very easily once the wrinkles are taken out. I had to iron the dress probably 5 times (which takes about a half of an hour each since there's so much material to the dress) before I could wear it, and even when I did it still had wrinkles that I was unable to get out. Great value for the money, though, and I would buy this dress again in other colors.


wore this for a work event-- so many compliments. excuse the wrinkles in the pics, but I was too lazy to iron for trying it on


looks fantastic with a coat!


This dress is great! I have about 5 various prints now, they are consistent in sizing a bog plus at this price point. It's very flattering for many figures, and I always get tons of complements.


Because I wear them so often when I dropped of my car for service  wearing this and picked it up wearing another print, the girl said "Another cute dress, is that your style, you just wear cute dresses all the time." :)


I bought this for a 50s mad men themed party. It fit perfectly. It was also really soft and comfortable. I was able to wear any underwear I wanted and didn't have to worry about it being seen despite the dress being white.


I had to send it back. It was WAY too big even though the measurements said I should be a medium...I probably could have gone for an extra small. I was really disappointed because I purchased it to wear on my anniversary date with my husband but a second one wouldn't have had time to arrive :(


Ordered one size up, because I've purchased Grace Karin Vintage before. Normally I'm a Medium, however I must be between sizes with this brand, because the Large is slightly too big but Medium would definitely be too tight on the bust. Either way, the belt (which I'll probably replace due to belt's poor quality) can cinch in the little extra fabric. Overall, I love the design and length.


This fit me perfectly. I'm 5'3", 120 lbs, with 36C chest. I was really pleased that this fit so well. It's also made from a heavier cotton than I expected so it lays over the crinoline nicely. Totally worth it. I would order from Grace Karin again.


So cute! I'm normally a 14-16 i ordered a 3x thinking it ran small but I had to exchange for a 2x. I could probably still go down a size but it's comfortable so I kept it. I'll probably order the other prints too.


My daughter bought this dress for a school dance, and it was so cute. It fit her perfectly. She's 4'11", 98 lbs, and ordered the small.  The shape of the dress is so flattering, and it's really well made. Another great Amazon buy!


I love this dress! I will be buying one a month until I have collected them allllll! The fabric is a nice medium weight cotton sateen so there is a nice sheen to the dress and it's soft and comfortable. The dress runs a little large in my opinion I am usually a 20 -22 in dresses and I got the 3x thinking it would be perfect but I had a good  2 inches of fabric on each side and the bust area was too large, I'm a 44D. I can't wait until I get the 2x, I'm sure it will be the perfect fit!


