I usually wear a 10/12 so I bought a large and it fits great. Love the length and got lots of compliments on it


This dress is amazing!! I am approximately 5'3", 180 pounds and the XL size fit perfectly.  The material is thick and high quality, the print was gorgeous, and the cut was very flattering while still being comfortable.  So many people were asking me where I got the dress, I started texting them the Amazon link!  I will be ordering more very soon!


Oh my goodness. The description for this dress says cotton, but it wasn't. It was very thin and I am not pleased at all, being sold by HAMALIEL. My sister ordered a Grace Karin dress from this same site that fits well and is actually cotton and looks like the picture, but I did not have the same luck. The worst part is that I could not return it and they only gave me an eight dollar refund even though I paid around 20 for it. Very disappointed.


Note: The Grace Karin dress was good. If it is being sold by HAMALIEL, stay away.


This is the perfect vintage dress!! I'm in love! The belt is indeed crap and I didn't use it but I just cut the loops off of the dress that were made for the belt and it was fine. My white crinoline gave this dress the perfect flair! Buy this dress!!!


You will want to have ever single one of them!!! This dress from the reviews gave me high hopes.  The basics that most people want to know. I ordered a 3X because that's what I normally wear and according to the chart it matched up. My bra size is 42DDD Waist is 45 Hips are 55 [more booty than hips]. I'm 5'3 and weigh 256.


I will hem this just an inch or so because I want it to be a little shorter but it really is an amazing quality dress. The feel is like a soft brushed cotton maybe but it has a slight stretch to it.  It doesn't feel stiff at all. The fact that I was able to pull this beer my head without opening the zipper and tried it on over my clothes and it fits makes me consider going to a 2X for the next one.


You will not reget this purchase. I hope the next order is just as good as this one. And I got it in 4 days from the order. Just an FYI, they do not actually charge you until it's ready to ship, so if you don't have the funds on your card the day they are ready you will have to either get the money in the account or risk getting it cancelled. Love this dress!


Measurements: 34DD (37in) bust / 30in waist / 40in hip


Bought: size L, black/black.


Wore this dress for a friend's Tiffany & Co. / Breakfast at Tiffany's bridal shower, and I channeled my inner Audrey Hepburn for sure! I got several compliments on the dress, and to be honest? Even without the petticoat my butt still looked good!


You can see in my pictures photos with and without the petticoat.


Only complaint is that the belt is too long for the size, with no loops to help hold it down. However, tying it around itself worked beautifully. I plan on buying more colors of this dress in the near future!


Bought this dress for my daughter. She's a little plump however this dress gave her somewhat of a waistline....fits very nicely. Fast shipping. Will buy again


I adore this dress. I normally wear a size 12 and I ordered XL. It fit loosely but not large. My chest is 38C so I didn't want it to bind there but it is loose enough to benefit from a belt. I also ordered the fluffy underskirt which shows this dress shape to full advantage. The fabric has stretch so I could have worn a size large without problem. Keep in mind though, I am on the 10/12 side and not on the 12/14 side. The fabric is  sateen with stretch. It hs a luster but is not shiny. It is not thin and is very well constructed. I am very picky and hardly ever give anything  perfect score, but this dress is so awesome I ordered 4 more from this company. They arrive today so I will post reviews for those too.


The colors on this dress are very pretty. The fabric is very shiny. The fit, for me, was a bit too small. I ordered the 3x. that's the biggest size this dress comes in. For reference I'm a size 18, somewhat busty, bottom heavy and have a mom belly. If I was a size 18, with a c-cup chest I imagine the dress would've fit ok. The dress did zip, but I felt strongly that if I took too deep a breath that the stitches over my bust would rip apart. Also of note, there was a very small spot over the left breast that looked like a thread got pulled out - it was basically a thread width white line. This made me feel like if the seams did have any tension on them that the seams might show up as white on this black dress. The belt wouldn't fit at all - I would've had to poke another hole or two in it. I found this strange since the dress fit okay around my waist. I hung it in my closet and thought "Goals" - it hung there for two days before I said "Screw that, I want dresses I can wear now". Just about tired of punishing myself for being chubby, and so I have returned it and am once again so very thankful for prime returns. If this dress is still for sale at a point when I'm a smaller me, I will consider purchasing it, because it was quite pretty.


Very nice dress. A little heavy just because the fabric is high quality. Looks exactly like the picture. I think it runs a little large, though. I'm 5'7, 130lbs. I usually wear a small but this fit like a medium. It still looked really nice though. I wore this for Fall Dapper Day at WDW this year.


