Even the smallest size is still a bit too large for my wife.  It's not so large that she can't wear it, but it's leaving her to try and find a clever way to pull the skirt/dress a bit tighter around her body.  The belt that comes with it wraps all the way around her stomach and then back to her back again.


The dress fits perfect I truly do love it. Covers my unsightly armpit fat for girls with that issue. I'm a 16/18 the size chart paired it well. I paired it with a black crinoline by the same company to fluff out the skit. Well made! My only complaint the dress smells of cigarette smoke. I'm lucky I have a few days to air it out. Will add photo later


The dress fit but as a larger older woman  I looked even more, much more, over weight. I doubt I'll ever were this dress. If you're young and slimmer you would probably like.


Pretty dress but the XL fits more like a small size 14.  A bit tight around the bust and armpits (and I am not busty).  The skirt sticks out like you are wearing a crinoline, so you look a little like a ballerina in a tutu.


My young daughter chose this dress to wear to a wedding. We decided it was a little too short, but we found a tulle skirt to wear under it that added about 4 inches to the length. It had black-on-black polka dots and looked like it was made to go with the dress. Adding this to the dress is what makes it 5 stars for us. The added length also had a very noticeable slimming effect. We would purchase again.


Looks good , fits great, just what I wanted.


I wear a 16.  Purchased this dress in an XL and it fit perfectly.  But if I had bigger boobs it would have been a problem because it fit just right without an inch to spare at the top, roomy at the bottom.


Will defiantly be ordering again. This is a beautiful dress and fit like a glove. not tight but not loose. Hopefully my daughter don't grow much for awhile. :D  The material is light so beware of strong breezes or wear spanks. :D


We took the time to measure my daughter and it paid off well.


Good coverage and very flattering.


Love this dress! The material is thick enough that it doesn't cling to every imperfection but still breathable. Fit like a glove. From someone who doesn't wear dresses often this is comfortable and a fantastic value.


Everything fits so great! It's a bit too tight but if I ordered a size bigger it would be too big.


I am 5'4", 36DD, 27-28" waist.


