The material is very nice with a slight stretchiness to it but it's a sturdy material. I love it! The belt even has a bit of " give" to it. I'm a 18/20 and usually wear anything from an xl to 3x. My bust isn't too large it's in the middle. I'm a D Cup. I found the 3x to fit nicely but probably could have sized down since there's some stretch in the dress. It's perfect length below my knee. I'm 5'5. This dress will look cute with a petticoat under it or just the way it is. I will be ordering more in different colors/prints!! Definitely a flattering for plus size people! I love it!


My daughter added a hoop skirt and gloves and wore this dress to her homecoming. It look amazing and she got compliments all night long.


I’ve got 3 dresses now and for the most part I love them. I love the look. They’re flattering, feminine and comfortable. The fit is good, except for the top. I have a large chest but the neckline is too big and the armholes are also, it shows my bra. I had the first dress I bought altered to fit better. I have one in solid burgundy, it’s very pretty but WAY too wrinkly. I steamed it, then ironed it but when I got to the event it looked terrible (You can’t much in the photo). I don’t know why that one is so much worse but it’s pretty much unwearable. I’m sticking to prints because it seems like they don’t wrinkle as much. Or if they do, you can’t tell as much. I’m 5’7”, wear a 22/24 and get the 3X.


I bought this dress to wear to the theatre and after reading tons of reviews, decided to size up to an XL, and it fit great! I'm 5'8" and 170lbs and it left me with a little bit of breathing room, which I prefer. I wore it with a 25" petticoat and it was perfect. I got tons of compliments on the dress, and I can't wait to wear it again. It felt like good quality fabric, and it didn't wrinkle after spending many hours in a garment bag. I'll probably buy more colors of the dress as well. The only downside was the belt was pretty flimsy and I couldn't seem to make it look nice, so I just decided to go without it.


Love, love, love this dress!! It fit me perfectly withouth being to tight!! I ordered this along with the red skirt that makes it poof. The belt is a little longer than is needed. Definitely a dress ill get many colors in.


Love it! I feel Soo cute in this dress. For sizing reference I am 5'4 and 135 pounds. I ordered a small and it's a perfect fit.


This was the dress I asked my husband to get me for my Birthday Brunch and it was exactly what I hoped it'd be! I followed the size guidelines to the T and my dress fit me perfectly (Size 22/24 = 3X Plus) I can't wait to get more of these dresses in the other patterns!! The material is soft and great quality and every seam is sewn perfectly! The belt is okay but if you don't like wearing belts or you don't like it just don't wear it! The dress looks fabulous alone. I didn't wear a petticoat with mine but I definitely will soon!


I love this dress. I received it as a birthday gift from my sister and have now worn it twice and washed it once. It washed well and did not require an iron (big plus for me).  Both times I have worn it multiple strangers have stopped me to compliment my dress. It fits great and is extremely comfortable. I personally did not care for the belt, but the loops are subtle, no big deal to not wear it. I am seriously considering getting the lemon print too.


This dress has absolutely no shape to it (as opposed to what the picture shows) -- material is ridiculously flimsy and obviously poorly crafted. I was shocked and very unhappy when I received this dress and will not order from the same vendor again.


I ordered the small, and it was a little big, but It wasn't noticeable. I also ordered the crenoline and it just made the dress so much more amazing. I'm so in love with the dress, I plan to order more for my daughter. She is 5'8 and 120 pds.


