This fits great! I ordered a Medium based on the size chart and it's just right. The belt came packaged really nicely, and it has a textured, kind of soft (fuzzy, maybe) finish. There are loop holes on both sides of the dress to thread the belt through. The material isn't really forgiving, but I can still pull the dress over my head so I don't mind.


I'm so impressed with how fast it showed up , the quality of the material, the vibrant color of the print, and the quality of the stitching!! It's a GORGEOUS dress, but due to the size of my chest, I had to order a larger size, so the waist is a little big. I will get it tailored, once I stop losing weight.


I took precise measurements and then went up a size and it still didn't fit.  It seems it uses more of the "Asian Size frame".  (That's what I've been told by many sites ~ not Amazon ~ that the measurements or size determination is based the smaller frame.)  I ordered 2 sizes up.  Disappointed in the fit, but beautiful dress.


I wore this for a wedding. It was super flattering and cute. I can ever find dresses that make my pear-shaped body look good. I did wear a petticoat underneath to give it more volume. It was a little big in the waist, but it worked with the belt. I think the bust wouldn't been too small the next size down. I am 5'4" and 165 lb. and got an XL.


I wore this dress to church Easter Sunday (Floral-21). Had more than twenty compliments. Wore it with the embroidered sandals (White-a) which are a near perfect match...  www.amazon.com/gp/product/B072P5Z9B3/  Also added a lightweight white cardigan since the weather was cool


It's very rare for me to buy clothes online, mainly because in the past when I have purchased clothes in my supposed size, they were too big, too small or made funny. Luck must have been on my side because when I came across this dress I instantly fell in love with it and the price!


After reading reviews, I went with an XL and it fits perfect in length with a little room to spare. I'm 5'0 and I have hips that don't lie so I don't need the skirt underneathe but I would definitely purchase one to give it that extra retro/ rockabilly style. Great price, great comfortable quality, highly recommend!!


This dress is very beautiful! The price is great, and it's made of thick fabric that hangs well. The belt was a little small, I suspect that the belt is one size fits none. The print is great and the skirt is a full circle skirt. That means that the petticoat by the same company is a must!


My only concern was that the natural waist was a bit high for me. I am tall, though.


This is a great dress for a great price.


It's a lovely dress, but the color of the print was much brighter and deeper than the image. My daughter is long-waisted, so the dress didn't fit nicely in that area (the seam across the middle was way too high) and it was a bit more snug than we expected in the size we bought. She wears a 14, and we bought a large. It was too small, so we had to return it. They were lovely about the return, and it was quick and easy.


5'7 176 pounds 36DDD (Soma)... size XL fit like a glove (white / black print)


- finally wore the dress to my great aunt's funeral. I had to pick my mom up from Memory Care - all the residents and staff were going crazy about how great this dress looks or reminds them of dresses they wore. All these residents are usually quiet ... but not today...


Actually expected the dress to be longer.. I'm 5'10"  between a size 4 and 6 (140 lbs. pear shaped) Got it in a small.  The dress hit a few inched above my knees, and the waist was a bit too high (though the circumference/fit was perfect for me) .  I wish more dress makers would take into account a persons height...  It makes it hard to shop  online when there are only cookie cutter sizes.  And I'm not that tall!  So it was rather disappointing, but it still worked for what I wanted it for, just an awkward fit.. Quality is good.


