Absolutely gorgeous! Loved every bit of it. The only reason I returned it was because it wasn’t going to work for the event I’m going to. I might odzsd if again just go have.


Really cute dress. I wear a size 10 & it fits perfectly. It's cotton & wrinkles & requires dry cleaning; no lining. However, a good value & I am happy with my purchase. I would purchase another dress from this seller.


This was my five or sixth purchase of this style of dress and I am a little less thrilled than with the others. The fabric is of lesser quality, it is much shorter, and it ran a bit smaller. All in all, I was a little more disappointed in this dress, as I have been blown away by GK in the past.


Love the print, love the fabric, the construction is very nice, can't believe the quality for the price. Will very likely buy another dress from this company!


I love this dress, however the zipper only goes down to the waistline, not past it. This means the smaller waistline has to either fit to shimmy up over your hips or down over your bust to slip on. If your waist is smaller than your hips or bust, it's a struggle to get into (I heard some seams pop the first time I tried to get into it). Once it's on, I love it. Please consider altering the design to make the zipper just an inch longer!


I returned my purchase because it was too large for me, but the dress felt nice.  The fabric seemed a little thin for a dress that had no liner as well.  With a white dress I would have expected one built in.


Such a cute look.  Love this dress!  Ordered the black crinoline to go with it and finished it off with tennis shoes, pearls and a light weight sweater. Wore it to a wedding and even the bride complimented my look. Fabulous look.


I am 5'8”, 130lbs. I ordered a medium. It fit perfectly. Very good quality. Looks good with or without a petticoat. Love this dress!


The dress was really cute however the material is not as stretchy as claimed and it runs small


I wore this to officiate a semi-formal wedding. This looked great and was just what I was looking for. I was a little leery of purchasing a dress online, but I am so glad I did.


