Seller sent me a Medium instead of XL - which is what I ordered. That's the only reason for the 4 stars.


But it worked out okay because I gave the dress to my niece, who LOVED it. She is a school teacher and dress fits her perfect.


Great price too.


I normally wear a xxl. I ordered a xxxl given reviews I read but still had to return it for the next sz up. Now that I have the right sz I adore it but it was a hassle


Love this dress. I usually buy up a size but should have trusted the description. I had to return the larger one for one that was perfect. I like it so much that I've bought three different patterns.


I got this dress for a Cinqo de Mayo party.  It was the hit of the party!  As soon as I walked in, people started complementing me on my dress.  I didn't think it would be as cool as it was received.  It's a really nice dress for the summer.  You can get away with a slight larger size if your waist is alot smaller than your hips but it does run small.


I love this dress! I was leery and almost never buy clothes online but it's so hard to find retro styles at a good price. All the positive reviews swayed me and I'm glad. I'd describe it as a very well hand made dress. There's a few thread ends I need to trim but not a big deal. I'm 5'6", 140ish and was on the small/medium bubble. Went with the medium and and it's comfortable but could be a bit tighter. I might try the small next time to see how it fits.


I love this dress! It looks great, and feels even better. It is pretty, but also functional. I’m going to be in a wedding, and these were the dresses the bride chose for her bridesmaids. We all love them! I’ve already ordered another in a solid color, and I’m seriously considering switching most of my wardrobe to these dresses, as a simple and fun option for looking professional and pretty.


I was really worried about how this would fit. I'm average a size 26, I ordered a 4x. It fits! If anything it's a little big in the top. I'm quite pleased and will be ordering more colors


Loved this dress. The quality, fit and design of dress is as seen in the photo. Couldn't have hoped for a better result.


Perfect - I am 5"2 155lbs and straight box shaped. 37.5 chest and 35 waist. I ordered an XL according to chart waistline and it was spot on! Enough breathing room and not to baggy on top. Beautiful material as well. Great bang for your buck and I don't find that often in Amazon clothes.


This dress is just darling! Without a crinoline slip, I could wear to work or church. With the bouncy undergarment in place, I could go to a party of wedding and look very well dressed! I am ready for future invitations! I do not have to run around looking at the last moment!


