Absolutely love love love love this dress! I want it in every color! Buying plus size clothing online is so hard and this was the best decision I've made! It is absolutely true to size! And the belt fits too! It's so fun and can be worn for any occasion! Seriously, don't think about it ladies, buy it!


I LOVE this dress. I will be buying more colors FOR sure!! It is so flattering and comfortable!! I received tons of compliments! I bought a size up and it's a tiny bit big in the chest/armpit area (which is crazy because I am like a 38 FF) but its not noticeable at all. I really love this dress and highly recommend it and recommend going by the measurements they provide!


Lovely dress!! I read the questions and reviews for this dress, which helped me pick size medium in color Floral-33 (I'm 5'5, 135 lb) and it fits perfectly. Skirt part comes down to just below the knees, and the top part truly fits perfectly. The color is slightly not quite as bright as pictured, but the print is really nice. The fabric feels sturdy and overall quality of the dress is great, plus you get a velvet-y skinny belt with it (mine was black). It also looks awesome when you twirl :) I would highly recommend this dress!


I can't say enough good things about this dress.  It is well made with a quality material.  The colors are even more vibrant the the photo.  Perfect size if you follow the size chart.  I got this dress for a spring wedding and am more than pleased.  I also paired the dress with the tutu crinoline slip which makes this dress perfect.  I can't imagine anyone being disappointed with this purchase.


I love this dress! It's so hard to find a plus size dress that you feel comfortable it! The length was perfect, right below the knees for me. I was cautious about ordering a dress from Amazon at first so I ordered one size larger but definitely could have gone with my normal size. It doesn't need the petticoat underneath, hangs very nice without it. Nice thick material but not heavy enough to be hot. Beautiful pattern! Loved it so much I ordered a second one!


I got this dress in red with black polka dots, and I just adore it! It fit perfectly and arrived as advertised. I was expecting something sort of "chintzy" for the price, but the fabric is great and it is very well made! I adore the flared skirt, which looks even better with a chiffon petticoat skirt underneath it. Skirt movement is a big deal in contra dance and waltz, and I will be wearing this dress to both. The price is certainly right, and now that I know how well it fits, I'll be ordering several more in other colors.


I love this dress! It's very flattering, a gorgeous color, an super classy. The minute I walked out in it, all of my roommates gave me compliments.


The only thing that isn't perfect is the fit. I'm pretty short and thin but with a decent amount of curve (I'm 5'4" with a bra size 32D, for example), so I always look at the sizing chart when purchasing clothes online. I purchased a medium, and though the length is surprisingly flattering, and nothing is too tight around the bust, the waist is rather large. Granted, I was at the bottom of the sizing range for mediums, but if anyone else is in a similar situation, I would keep this in mind. Luckily enough, though, the belt sinches the waist perfectly for me, and the style of the dress conceals the extra fabric no problem.


All in all, I love this dress!


I'm 5'6" 115 lbs and I ordered a Small...It fit perfectly. Quality material and the belt is detachable so you get a new belt too! I love the fabric too. Not to soft that it's t-shirt thin, but not too thick that you feel like you can't breathe.


This dress it's so gorgeous and it's fit perfectly. I am a size 4 and I bought a small. I bought the kids one for my daughter to make a look Mommy and me. It was for a first communion and everybody was congratulating on how the dress was beautifull. Some of my friends told me they are going to buy the same.


Never expect then to look and fit that good. I just addded ribbon and flower to make a sash. Um looking forward to uploading more pic after the wedding.


