This dress is absolutely perfect. Though I saw that GK has a v neck sleeveless version that I might like a bit better, this is really lovely and nice. I have purchased ColdwaterCreek dresses that cost 4x more and have similar quality. I am 5'4" and 175 lbs. I ordered the extra large and it was fine.i will order another.


I didn't know what to expect from this dress, but wow!  Great quality and fit.  I did go up a size from what I normally, wear, (L )and it worked great!  A tad big in the waist so I might have that brought in.  The only thing I didn't really like was the belt.  It's way too big.  So I will probably do a black sash of some sort.  I also bought a black petticoat and black lace gloves to complete the look.  Gonna be great for my tea party!


Beautiful dress  fits well. Love the style and fabric. You can wear different belts with this dress. I haven't not worn it yet but will do so soon. Wish I had pictures to show while wearing.


At first i had ordered a size S, but it was too big, so i exchanged it for an XS and it fits perfectly. I'm 4'11'' and weight 110lbs, and it looks great. I imagine someone with petite complexion and flat chest might find it too big arround the chest, but it can be fixed.


Very nice dress looks just like the picture bright and bold colors had I knew it stretched I would of buy my size it’s a lil big going to buy the medium next time


The concept of this dress is gorgeous, however the fit was horrible.  It is extremely short-waisted.  The waist/belt barely made it to the bottom of my ribs and I am only 5'4".  My friend, who is 5'2" tried it and it was even too short waisted for her.  The only reason I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 is I like the design of the dress as it is pictured ... it just doesn't fit that way. Am returning it right away, very disappointed.


So the dress is very flowy on the bottom. It really reminds me of a vintage dress that you would find at a thrift shop. Strong material and I love that it comes with a belt. However if you’re big busted like I am, a large is tight. But that’s not the sellers fault. I have to get it dry cleaned because it’s really wrinkly. Overall i love it!


Cute dress and I love the pattern. I bought a size up because reviews said it is cut small so I ordered a large. I am 5'7" 145 pds and a size 6. The large was a bit too big so I had to get it taken in a bit. Nothing too glaring that a jacket could have covered.


This is a great dress. My daughter is taller and thinner so I got the medium so dress wouldnt be too short. It was too big in the waist so I added darts in the back at waist level and now it is perfect. Really cute and classy!


Great retro fit for our swing dancing class The XS fits my 12 year-old girls who are a girls size 12-14 with a little room in the bust. Still looks great after washing on delicate!


