The dress was so adorable! Perfect for my tea time trip to the Ritz in London! Between my dress and my hat I got asked outside Buckingham palace if I had come out from the palace because of my outfit! I felt like royalty!


I just got this dress today and I really love it! It's heavier then I thought it would be which is nice, and it fits pretty good. I'm 5"0 and weigh 115 lbs so I got a M and it's a tiny bit bigger then I would need, but not noticeably. So I'll just stick with it. It's the right length which is also normally a problem because I'm so short. But I would recommend this dress to anyone thinking of buying it! I'd a great dress!


Wore this dress to a wedding and received many compliments! The cut is flattering and the pattern is lovely. Didn't think the belt really added to the dress much but it was nice of the seller to include as an additional piece.


This is so pretty! Colors are amazing. Don't get discouraged if your size is out of stock as they seem to get restocked regularly. Go by the measurements provided. I think it looks a little better with a crinoline but could go either way. Fabric is a nice weight for the price, not too shiny. If you like a certain expensive vintage dress website whose sizes are usually 4x = dress size 18, take a chance on this.


Love this dress. I had trouble​ matching my measurements to the charts, so I bought a medium, since it's my go-to size. The only place it doesn't fit perfectly is in the bust, but I have weird body proportions. My measurements are 34-28-36, 125 lbs, 5'7".  Fabric seems breathable, with a very slight stretch, but not like a jersey knit. Fabric is light, but not see through. If you want the "poofy" skirt look, definitely buy a petticoat, as my pic has a petticoat underneath.


I love this dress and the fit is perfect for me. It works well for swing dancing, as well as a great summer activity dress. I enjoy this dress so much, I have purchased it in different patterns. It washes well, though I don't recommend drying it in the dryer. I usually throw it in the dryer for five minutes just to fluff out the washing wrinkles, then hang it up to dry. There is usually no need to iron it if I hang dry the dress and it comes out great as a result.


A little tight under the armpit,  but very cute.  Lots of compliments.  Even the included belt fit me which is awesome because they are usually too big. I bought an underskirt to help make the skirt puff out right.


Most of my granddaughter's tops and dresses are size large and a few Medium. This size Large dress was way too small.  The zipper gapped at least 4 finger wide and would not zip up. I don't believe an XL would fit her in this dress. It's definitely made for a small petite person.  But the dress itself is stunning. Crisp yet soft to touch.  Simply beautiful. It's a shame it's made so small.  I returned the dress the day after receiving it.


I got the Tiffany blue color with flowers and it is a really cute pattern and great cotton fabric that's on the substantial side (which is good in my book). But mine didn't come with a belt and was a bit tight. Also, the waist is higher that it should be, so I worry that it's going to make me look pregnant!


oh wow, she just didn't like the outfits I were putting together for her. She flat did not like the color (light blue with white polka-dots) or anything else that went with this. Oh well.  Honestly, the dress was well constructed, the material and material weight was very good. But she just didn't like it. My fault. I am a guy, I should know better.


(edited - to give the dress the proper stars - 5. Not the dress's fault my spouse did not like it. Mea culpa)


