This is the second dress I purchased. The first was WAY too big even after going by the measurements listed on the size chart. This second dress was also so large for me.


I really liked this dress, unfortunately I ended up returning it because the length is made to look like it's right at the knees, maybe even below, but at 5'9 it shows much of the thigh which has doesn't keep it as classy as I would like. It's a great buy if you're shorter! I'm a little jealous of the women in the pictures looking amazing. The search continues...


This dress was a fantastic bargain! I love it! It's so hard to find nice quality plus size dresses, especially at such a good price. I don't wear dresses often, but am considering getting a few more for special occasions because I like this so much.


If I were a larger chested woman I would have fit perfectly in the top of this gorgeous dress, but in a B-C cup at 5'8" and 170 pounds, I usually expect a medium to be too small. Above the waste there's a bit of excess room in my opinion, but like I said. If my chest were bigger, it'd been perfect.


I LOVE this dress!!! I wore it for mothers day and felt gorgeous!!!! The fit was RIGHT  on too! I'm always so nervous buying clothes online without trying on first, but this was perfect. I'm very much thinking of buying again in a different print because it was so perfect!


Pros:  Perfect for swing dancing.  Great flare!  I wear a wide black belt with this and get many complements.  Has been washed 4 times and has held it's shape and color well.  Concerns: it must be ironed after I wash it and I hang it to dry as it did shrink slightly.


Perfect for a summer wedding. Lightweight. It was a great dress for twirling on the dance floor. I added a red belt and shoes for that pop. Bought the petticoat for underneath, but decided to go without since it was such a hot day. The dress still flares good without it. I ordered XL. I'm 5'7". Normally where 14/16. I could see it being snug if you have a large chest, but it for me fine.


I am very impressed with this dress, especially for the price. Good quality and beautiful pattern. I am 5'2, 144 lbs, and bra size 34DD. Purchased a large and it fits great. It actually is somewhat loose in the waist, which is very comfortable. Because of the tailored waist, it doesn't look baggy even though it feels loosely comfortable. I will likely purchase this dress in other prints as well. Definitely a good buy.


This dress fit perfect. Sadly I bought  the black version for a funeral. It is classy, conservative and just what I need.


LOVE THIS DRESS!  I wear it to work all the time.  My only criticism is the zipper is a little cheap.  I've busted it.  Luckily, my grandmother is a seamstress and can put a new one in.


