I love this dress. Got great compliments. I order the red polka dot. I normally wear US size 14 and ordered and XL and it fit perfectly. Very good material and make and stitch. The flare cinches your waist at the right place and flatters figure. I love this dress and will be getting more colors in this series. You can dress up for party or dress down to work and it will look great.


I wear a size 8/10, 34D/DD and the large fits really well. The arm holes are a little tight, but I'm definitely keeping it. I actually ended up ordering it in the floral 21 as well as the floral 22.


Floral 21: This pattern is even better in person! In the photo it looks like it is an ivory background, but I would say it leans a little towards white.


Floral 22: The pattern was a little larger in person than I was expecting, but still really pretty. My one complaint is that this is WHITE. I think it would look better with a more ivory background. It is also slightly see-through. I suspect with nude underwear it would be fine, but probably recommend wearing a slip.


I love this dress! I am 5' and bout 125 lbs. It hugs just the right parts. I cant wait to wear it next weekend.


I love everything about this dress! The only issue I have encountered is the belt was missing when I opened the package. Unfortunately I was out of town on vacation when I realized it wasn't there and was forced to wear the dress without it.


Update: I have changed my rating of 4 stars to 5 stars since the seller responded promptly to my complaint about the missing belt. I received the belt in the mail a few weeks later as promised. I still love the dress and highly recommend it!!!


The dress actually fit really well. The cut is great, size was as listed, and the stitching is fine. However I did not receive the belt that was supposed to accompany the dress. The cut of the dress requires it be worn with a belt. I'm very disappointed.


For the price this is a great addition to my teacher wardrobe, yet I also feel it will be a great dress for social events ranging from picnic to wedding. A petticoat gives it a polished look for a semi formal affair, and I can pair it with sandals, wedges, and heels alike. I'm back to get more colors.


My only concern is the dry clean label...I don't plan to pay a fortune to clean a $25 dress, so I'll update if cleaning at home results in poor results.


I bought this dress for my son's graduation. What a beautiful, classy, and comfortable dress to wear at an all day event! Very well made and a pretty good zipper too. I got the red color and I couldn't have been more happy. I will keep this dress for other occasions as I enjoyed wearing it.


I wish I could give this a higher review. The dress itself is well made, if I personally found the material not to be what I expected. However, the sizing on this dress is off-the-wall to say the least. My measurements do not match anything on the size chart whatsoever so I made mg best guess and ordered from there. For reference- I wear a 16 or 18 pants and anywhere from 14-18 in dresses, depending on style. I first ordered a 2x. It was huge. So I gambled on an XL. It was too small. Those were, admittedly, my mistake. Wanting this dress for Easter, I ordered the XXXL, praying that one would fit. When it arrived, the company had sent the wrong size. I was heartbroken and furious. After three attempts, I still did not have a dress that fit. My suggestion is to carefully read reviews and look at customer pictures in addition to evaluating the size chart to help determine what size you need. This dress in style is adorable but I've found my experience trying to find the right fit not to be worth it.


I live the style.  I have body measurements that aren't accounted for in new style dresses so my bra shows.  The neckline is a little large, but two tucks and I have a new style and a dress the fits.  As for the showing  bra, I will have to figure something out.  You do get what you pay for.  Oh -- lastly -- check the hem -- it may be uneven -- my slip was showing in only certain spots.


Very cute, especially for the price.  I got a 2x (5'6"--usually a size 18-20) and it fits great!


A few nit-picky things:


1. the top (bodice?) portion of the dress has seams that  run from the shoulders and over the chest, and as least on my dress, the dot pattern is cut in half and off center from the other pieces--so it looks a bit weird when you look closely.


2. the fabric is very stiff and a little scratchy---not enough to be unwearable, but not 100% comfortable.


But over all, I really like it, and wear this often!


