beautifully made, but the chest was small so I had to order the next size up.


For the price, this dress is amazing. The fabric is a nice weight and it drapes very well. The belt is a great addition to this little dress. I bought this at $30 and it's the same quality or better than some of my dresses I've purchased for $60 to $90. This is a great find.


I am 14 years old, 5'6, and 105 lb. The waist and bust were good, but the length was too short. I have a petticoat skirt that was 2-3 inches longer (worn right on waist.) Very cute, but too short for me :( I got the Blue poka-dot in XS.


The cutest dress. Just wish I would have remembered the belt. I wore it to my son's blessing. The vintage feel is sweetly conservative and didn't show too much. The fabric is easily ironed and with a petty coat this dress pops. I will buy more.


It fits my hips really well and my breast area really good! It is just right around the armpits but I am in love! Bought the dress for a wedding and I am bigger chested. I am a 34 DDD so I needed something that flattered my chest area and I am super happy with how it looks!


I returned because bust was tight and waist was large.  Looked awkward on me (5'3, 36c, 30 waist, pear shaped), but it was quality material. Maybe it will work well for others


Perfect !!! The fit was just right, the fabric is very good, even have a little  stretch  to the fabric but I won't consider  down sizing for that reason unless you don't like to breathe in your clothing lol...I wore a petticoat with it to add a flare.


Not as nice as some of the other color options in this same dress. The fabric isn't as silky soft. Fits more tightly under the arms than the same size of other color option.


The dress itself is beautiful and well-made. It was better quality material than I expected.  However I listened to all the other reviews and bought a size larger which turned out to be a mistake. This dress is sized correctly and is not made small.


Fit perfectly, super comfortable, and has enough stretch to be able to move and dance. I love this dress!


