I love this dress! It fits very true to size if you use the measurements provided in the size chart. It arrive quickly and packaged in a very nice garment type bag. The material has a little stretch to it and the.cut and style is very retro swing. I would recommend this highly to anyone who is looking for a nice classy dress.  It can be paired with a cute shrug or sweater and has a nice  A-line flair. So glad I decided to get this and the price is amazing!


It didn't fit right and was too big around the waist it was not flattering at all I returned it. But it did seem to be made of great material it didn't feel cheap, it just didn't fit my body right. I'm 5'5 150 36dd. I got the large.


New favorite dress. Fit perfectly! Love that it come with the belt, pair it with a petti coat and you've got a great classic look!


Beautiful.  Would recommend a crinoline.


Nice dress but just didn't WOW me. It fit well (Size Small 5'5" 115 lbs.) and was of nice quality.


I really loved the dress, but the zipper area could have been bigger.  I had a hard time getting it off and on.


You. Guys!! I NEVER thought I'd fit one of these let alone be cute in it. This came exactly right. Beautiful quality, great fabric, perfect cut. My gut barely needed a crinoline but I figured 'what the heck?!' I'm so happy I did but I loved this dress with out without. I feel like a princess.


I LOVE THIS DRESS! I've ordered Grace Karin items before and I have yet to be disappointed. Great fit and great length. I'm typically an 8/10 and I ordered a medium. You cannot go wrong with this brand. I got so many compliments.


LOVE this dress!! Vintage, classy, well made, quality fabric and a perfect fit! Plus it flares up nicely when you spin (ladies, you know you do it in your new dresses too! LOL!).I want to order every single color now! It boggles my mind that I can find this on Amazon but not in a US retail store.


After reading all the reviews and seeing the customer photos, I ordered two different colors. I ended up keeping the black and white print dress. I love how this dress fits me! It’s so comfortable. I can’t wait to wear it at an upcoming party.


