My daughter looks great in this dress. Except the fabric look a little cheap


I returned it because the arm holes were snug even though I ordered a size up from what I normally wear. Otherwise, it was very cute.


Perfect dress for any occasion, I bought it for a christmas party. The material is extremely good quality, the fitting is perfect. For those girls that like big flare on the bottom, this is the dress that is perfect for that. I am 5 feet tall and this dress is little below the knee for me, but I still love it


I already have 2 of these dresses in different prints and I absolutely love them! They fit perfectly anf look beautiful.  They are well made and good material.


It's not often my daughter feels good about herself, but in this dress, she feels beautiful.  It fits in all the right places, accentuates all the right features, and allows her to feel pretty.  She's my "date" to my company Holiday part and instead of feeling awkward about going, she's looking forward to dressing up and going out on the town.  Now if I can find a good pair of boots, we're in business!


Love the shape and the print. The length is also perfect; hits me at the knee. Docked a star because it wrinkles so easily!


I absolutely love this dress! It fits well and I feel beautiful in it! It is very well constructed. I bought a petticoat to wear under it. It really adds to the look of the dress, I would not purchase this dress without purchasing a petticoat as well. My only complaint is that neither the dress or petticoat came with care instructions.


I'm normally a large, but I decided to get a size up just to be safe. I could've fit into the large though. It's kind of baggy in the stomach area, but it's not too big to the point where it looks ridiculous. I'm happy with the dress and the lightweight material. I'd definitely recommend it for anyone that wants a pretty dress that allots for extra tummy space if needed...


Incredibly flattering,  well made.  Good weight fabric. I'm not easy to fit.


I love this dress...now if I could just find a ruffle slip in 3x plus size, It would be great!


