Love this dress, only problem I has was the bust, I'm slightly top heavy and I'm about 1in from sipping up. Lol I'm just going to have it let out a tiny bit. Over all great quality good material also. Not some cheap crap. Definitely will be ordering more. Shipping was great we'll also I'm a prime member.Two days!!


Beautiful dress, great quality fabric, lays and flows nicely.  I did buy a petticoat as recommended by other reviewers, however I ended up returning it, it was jus a little too over-the-top for me.  I wore this dress for Easter Service and it was just so pretty!


I really like the way it fits. It flatters your waistline.  I would certainly buy in more colors if I had more places to go.  Highly recommend...


The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the belt was not with the dress.  I contacted the seller but did not hear back from them.


This dress is stunning - I couldn't believe how great the fabric and print was. My absolutely favorite dress that I own right now! (Just need to get it steamed to get the wrinkles out)


Only giving this 4 stars because it was such a headache to steam and un-wrinkle from the vacuum sealed package. If you don't own a steamer before buying one of these I suggest you get one. Dress was a bit bigger on the top than expected but it looks cute when on and hardly noticeable.


A little tight in the armpit area. I prefer my clothing loose fitting or stretchy because I am a plus size gal, and this ones a pretty dress but a little snug in the chest, arm area for me. Still love it, but would probably wear something else because of the fit.


I wore this dress for our town's annual Blueberry Jubilee and got hundreds of compliments! It fits well; I didn't have to make any alterations and I'm a size 2/4 or 3/5. No problem with the zipper. The belt was a bit too long, so I had to pin it to itself to keep it from sticking out, but that's the only slightly negative part about this dress. I absolutely loved it, and so did many other people.


Im a huge fan of these dresses, I wear them all the time and have purchased them in various colors. Definitely make sure that you look at their size/measurement chart because they can run a little on the smaller size. I get countless compliments every time I wear one of these dresses.


One of the VERY favorites. The fabric is AWESOME! It's a nice weight poplin which is not too crisp or limp and the colors are as shown.


This dress fit my body type perfectly!  I will say it's a different material than I thought it would be, almost no stretch.  I have a bigger bust line than most and it fits perfectly, and it doesn't constrict at the waist which is where I carry most of my weight, so it turned out to be a very flattering cut for me!  Zipper back, nice soft material, but again, true dress material, almost no stretch.


