Lovely, flatering dress- I'm 5'7", 135 lbs, B to C cup, and carry most of my weight around my hips. I ordered a medium, and it couldn't fit more perfectly. I feel like I got my money's worth, with a bonus. :o)


I wore this dress to my work's Christmas party this ear. It was a huge success. Just about every woman at the party commented on how gorgeous it looked and several of them wanted to know where to get one.


For the price I certainly cannot object. It is very wrinkled out of the package but I'm going to attack it with Downy Wrinkle Releaser and see what happens. I'm a size 10/12 and the Large fits but is snug.


Great quality dress, very full skirt, got lots of compliments on it. I'd suggest buying a crinoline to go with it to really get the full effect of the skirt. Great buy!


I must say the dress is lovely,  satin material therefore no stretch.  I wear size 18/20 and the 3xl doesn't fit at all. So disappointed. Was looking forward to wearing it for the Christmas.


Love this dress! Wore it for Easter and everywhere I turned was getting compliments. It's well made, fit is great. I am a 18/20 in Jean's but with a smaller waist and my hips and butt being larger I was able to do a 1x and it fit very comfortably. I saw other reviews and wore a petticoat with it. It deffinently made a difference. I plan on buying many more of these.


I'm a very big woman and I needed a mother's day dress - I was so pleased when it came today !!! It fit so nicely  !!!  The zipper is not as good as I'd hoped but I don't think I'll have any trouble as long as I have it cleaned ... I'm buying another right now !!


I LOVE LOVE LOVE this dress!! The material is great and it fits perfectly! The fabric is durable which I am pleased with since most fabrics these days are thin and wear easily. This dress is gorgeous!


I LOVE this dress! It looks exactly as it does online. It appears to be well made with quality material.  The dress fits great and is very comfortable.  I'm a jeans girl but I can't wait to wear my new dress!


I am so impressed with Grace Karin.  This is a quality product.  They also go the extra mile with thoughtful packaging and a thank you to the customer.  Well done!


Beautiful fit! This was the perfect Easter dress and fits great. I received so many compliments at church and then came home and cooked Easter dinner and was so comfy all day


