The dress is good quality for the price. The skirt is a full circle skirt and poofs up nicely with a crinoline (or a tutu, as I used as a fashion hack). Unfortunately, it was way too big. I'm a size 4-6 and bought a small. I had to take in both sides in order to wear it for an event the next day. Luckily, the belt had enough holes. I'll be wearing it again.


The quality of material for this dress is good. I really was pleased by it (ordered a second one - different style same brand). I didn’t do great measurements so it seems maybe a tad big but according to the chart it fits per the measurements.


Minor adjustment made to waist for perfect fit. Cute dress for the price. Did ship without belt, but Amazon Customer service solution was immediate and satisfactory.


The dress is beautiful, but fits a bit larger than expected in the bust/shoulders area. I am returning for a smaller size.  My measurements are 36, 28,38.


It was cute and I sized up as per other reviews, however my dress did arrive wrinkled and it did not have a belt, so I am disappointed since I was planning to wear it tomorrow and now have no belt or anything to accessorize with


My daughter loves this dress!  It is extremely flattering and modest. We bought another dress in a different color because she loved the style so much. Irons easily.


I love this dress! I bought one for my daughter as well so we can match on Mother's Day! The only reason it's not getting 5 stars is because the black belt that is supposed to come with it was not in the package. Now I have to go out and buy one.


Very cute. My 14 y old chose it is graduation dress. Very feminine.


I bought this dress for my daughter's 50's homecoming dance. It fit her just right!! We both were very happy with the fit. I took her measurements and the dress fit as expected. Nice quality too. We give this dress a five star rating!


Looked great, but was tight on top.  Perfect for my Mad Hatter costume! Lots of compliments and two offers for dates!


