I am normally a medium - size 10 but they said to order based on their size criteria so I ordered an extra large.  It fit okay in the bust but was too large in the waist and the belt was not included.  For 25 bucks the quality was decent, not too flimsy.


I'm 5 foot 5 in 128 lbs bust 35 waist 28; the medium fits perfectly. It's knee length on me. Because it's cotton it wrinkles easily and collects lint, but nothing a lint brush or iron can't fix.


This is a beautiful and well made dress. The seller was fast, polite and courteous. I am just too curvy for this style--if the torso was longer, it would have fit me perfectly. I would buy from this seller again in the future.


Fits beautifully and is great quality - definitely nicer than I expected for the price! I even want to buy more of the same style in other patterns. It was just a little smaller than I anticipated but still fit well, just snug. Consider buying the bigger size with this dress if you're not sure between two sizes.


This looks absolutely adorable on. I received many compliments and people wanting to know where I got it from.


Runs a bit snug. I ordered the size recommended by the size chart, and it fits with no room to spare. I mean, I better not gain 1 ounce! Now, having said that, I love the dress and I do plan to buy more.


I took the dress out of the sealed bag, it smelled like B.O., and had deodorant stains under the arms. It was pretty gross, so I had to return it.


Other than that, it's not a terrible dress, just not as sophisticated as it looks in the photo, a bit more on the junior side, I was looking for something I can wear to work, and it made me look a bit childish.


I saw this dress on pinterest. I got it for my daughter's baptism. I loved the old school style. It fit perfectly. I felt very girlie wearing this.


Looks amazing on and fits perfect.  I received TONS of compliments from both men and women (mostly women).  I have this in several colors as it looks amazing on me.  It shipped quickly which was also a major plus.


Wonderful dress.  All the rave reviews were correct.


