Bought two dresses, the multi colored floral one and the one with lemons. I was so excited about the one with the lemons- i ripped into the amazon package as soon as i got home.


 There were no lemons, I got roses, this is the first time in my life I've ever been disappointed by roses.


Ordered an XL white polka dot dress. It fit like a glove! I have a 40 inch bust and am 5'9'' and the dress sits just above my knees. I bent over and touched my toes and my hubby says that there is no panty show! (Tall girls will know what I mean). I ordered more dresses from the seller. The fabric is VERY light and breathable. NO NEED FOR A PETTICOAT. The skirt is pleated enough that you get the princess swirl perfectly!


I usually do not buy clothes online because they never fit right or the quality is poor and does not match the discription.  This dress, however, exceeded my expectations.  It fits perfect and the material is very nice.  I received so many compliments at church Sunday.  Can't wait to wear it on vacation to Disney World!  I will be purchasing more!


I absolutely love this dress. It fits well, flows nice and I received a bunch of compiments. The length is perfect. The quality is good. I have no complaints. I ordered a small, i am 5'8 and 150lbs. I would recommend and order many more.


the dress itself is quality fabric and print, my only issues are nitpicks on fit.


i’m 5”11, 36DDD, usually size 10-12, and i bought a large. it’s the tiniest bit snug on my torso but it has a bit of awkward extra fabric that hangs out at the neck and in the skirt (maybe the skirt would be fixed if i bought the underskirt)


the price is fair so i’m keeping the product despite its imperfections, but i suggest you do your research before buying.


This dress is absolutely amazing! The fabric is heavy and does not feel cheap. I own a few Ralph Lauren dress and it feels along that quality!  The cut of the dress is very flattering, feminine, and fun! The perfect sunday outfit for me! I love this dress and will order more clothes from the designer!


These dresses are fabulous! The fabric is so buttery soft! I ordered 4 dresses in this style and I can tell you they are very comfortable. They make me feel feminine and attractive. The workmanship is excellent, like I haven't seen in many years. If you want to look your feminine best, I recommend considering these dresses.


I'm 5'4 over 290. I bought the 4x it was a few inches too big. So i altered it to fit to perfection. I didn't care for the neck line so i altered that as well.  Other than that i loved the dress.  I wore a petticoat underneath made the dress fluff out more. Wind is not your friend with the petticoat on haha.  I didn't like the belt so i made one.  Looked great.  Everyone loved it. Would buy the 3x it would probably fit perfectly.  I'd still altered the neck line still. Gave it a 4 star because i altered it. Still a lovely dress.


Very pretty dress. Shiny fabric.  Initially, due to sizing I ordered a 1X, but it swallowed me whole so I ordered the next size smaller and it couldn't be zipped it was so small. I guess that I am just in between sizes.  As soon as I can lose some weight I will reorder.


(I have a 40" bust)


This is a beautiful dress! Well made, with very nice fabric. I purchased this dress to wear for a wedding last weekend. It is fun and whimsical, yet had such a classy, stylish look about it. It was perfect for the occasion and I received sooooo many compliments. I felt very pretty in it! I took the advice of many who in their reviews suggested the petticoat slip and, ohhh yeah! You have to get one if you purchase this dress, it totally completes the look! Be sure to look at the picture of the size chart when viewing this item, and choose the size that is closest to your measurements, especially your most significant attribute. This dress comes in many different prints and colors, and priced so reasonably,


I will definitely order more for future occasions.


