Very cute dress.  The material is slightly thin and the dress is unlined, so the hem will curl and warp very easily if you don't press the dress.  The belt is a little flimsy, but I expected that looking at the pictures of it. That being said, I like this dress quite a bit.  I get nothing but compliments every-time I wear it.


Great dress! Made very well and it fits just perfect. I ordered a L and the dress had plenty of room to stretch if need.


I sized up and it still a tad snug on my girls. The dress showed up with a rip in the seam, but that was easily fixable...overall, i enjoy the dress, it is beautiful!


I have only tried it on and have not worn it out yet but... It fit rather tight in the bodice.  The waistline line is slightly too high.  And the dress looks homemade and not something you buy at the store.  Other than that when I tried it on and got it zipped which was a little difficult it actually looked pretty good.  The true test will be when I wear it for an extended period.


I loved this dress, especially with the petticoat underneath. However, I wore it for many hours in the rain at the Kentucky Derby and despite my efforts to stay dry, the color from the purple/pink areas of the dress started to bleed onto the white parts.


The checkerboard dress that I got was not sown correctly. In the body part the side parts and the front part didn't fit together and crumpled. Even if the sewing had been even, it probably wouldn't have looked good because no attention was paid to how the black and white squares of the different pieces fit together in the connections. Then again, you might not expect that at this price. The skirt fell and twirled nicely. I am 7' 6'' (1.72m) and it ended just above my knees in a flattering way.


The pattern made me look like a checkered racing flag, though.


Cute dress with a full skirt that will be perfect for dance events.  I normally wear a size 14, and I bought the large, and it fits well.  From the photo, I thought it would be longer (a few inches below the knee), but it hits me in the middle of the knee (I'm 5' 5").


I loved this dress! It fit well and looked great on! The only downside was that it came folded in a strange way so prepare to bust out the iron before twirling around in this beauty! It made me feel like Audrey Hepburn. Perfect wedding attire.


I am very into 50's style dresses so I CLEARLY fell in love with this on amazon.com.  It fits nicely and I received many compliments when I wore it. I like that it is not too thin or thick. It has a high waist so it helps to cover my "pooch" :-)


Love it however as a caution I went with a 2X and way too big. I am 5'9, 230 AND AM EXCHANGING FOR A 1X which I think will fit me perfect. Love the look, love the fabric, absolutely looks best with the petticoat


