My high schooler needed a 50's style dress and we are so thrilled to have found this. My daughter is a DD cup and finding something that fits well without exposing too much is difficult, but this fits perfect and she feels very comfortable in it!  We followed the sizing chart and ordered accordingly.  It is made well and lays nicely.


I am 5'5" and around 118 lbs. I got the size S and it fitted perfectly. It is a beautiful dress considering the price. Do not expect luxury item but as I said for the price, it is a nice, comfortable dress.


Great dress, great quality & great price! I will definitely buy this dress in another color/pattern for my next occasion!! I got the burgundy color for a Christmas party & loved it!


Just a wee bit tight. It fit ok, but felt a little restrictive. It cut into my armpits too. The crew neckline was also a little high. The dress itself appeared to be well made, and if I had the time, I may have ordered a larger size, but time didn't allow it. Amazon prime was great with easy returns and full refund.


It was so big, I hate it. Do not buy it


118. 5’3” ordered a small. Very soft fabric. Does not fade after first wash. I tumble dry on medium without fabric shrinkage. I got several compliments at work!


I love the look of this dress! I received so many compliments on it. It's pretty loose on the top on me, but with the belt, it looks like it's on purpose. I do have a small problem with the arm hole hem, it likes to pop out. I solved this by wearing an awesome jacket with it, so it all looked good. I will be buying more of these in other colors.


Beautiful dress. Well made. I'm 5'3  - 115lbs, got the small. Fits like a glove.  Will be buying another one.


Super cute on. Flattering and the fabric has a bit of stretch which is comfortable. The belt that comes with it is cheap looking so I don't use that but overall worth price.


Beautiful retro dress that is really a showstopper. I received so many compliments.


