I love, love, love this dress!  The bold colors against the black look great.  It's made of a nice soft material, good quality fabric has just enough shine that makes it perfect for a semi formal event.  My measurements are: bust 36", waist  28 1/2" hips 36 1/2".  I ordered a medium and it fit perfect!  Worn with a petticoat gives it the extra lift to complete the look.  I cannot wait to wear it to my aunts 90th birthday celebration.  Hope this review helps.  Yes, I will be buying a few more in different colors. What can I say, I love vintage, dapper style.


I love this dress! I was shopping around for vintage type dresses and stumbled upon this one after the many rave reviews it had. I see why this has so many positive reviews, this dress is gorgeous! For the price, you get a dress thats beautiful, good fabric and true to size. I got many compliments on it when I went out to dinner with my boyfriend. If you want this dress to be puffy on the bottom, I recommend getting a petticoat (I use a petticoat with mine). Overall I was extremely happy with the design, fit and color. I'll be sure to purchase another one in another color/style soon!


My new favorite church dress!


I love this dress it feels so old fashioned and stylish. I bought a petticoat to go underneath and it looked so nice but the fullness will take some getting use to. The older crowd thought it was the bees knees and so did my husband!


It needed to be ironed before wear but it came in the mailbox so that was to be expected. It's made of great quality material and the zipper works great. As for sizing I bought a medium and my measurements are bust 38inch (around largest part) and waist 30inches (around smallest part) I'm 140lbs.


As many others expressed, the dress fits great IF you follow the sizing guidelines. After reading all the reviews and watching those who posted video, checking the very helpful photos, I ordered a 2X. (For reference I am 5'6" and normally wear a size 20 dress) The fit was very comfortable and the dress is surprisingly well made for the price. Would definitely order again. I ordered this for a photoshoot. Ended up using a different dress in the shoot but the dress is great and I would definitely buy from this brand again.


I got this dress for a baby shower. I am petite (4'10''/curvy) and this dress was not advertised petite.


But it came to my knees and looked very good. I got compliments from a lot of people - it was worth the risk.


The belt that comes with this can be of better quality. The bust was a tad loose for me and that is the only grouse I have.


But otherwise love this piece and will order more from this brand and Amazon Fashion


Just got this dress, so I've only tried it on to check the fit, but I have to agree with the majority of reviews here that this dress is incredibly cute in person. The fabric was thicker than I expected it to be, which is a plus, and it came packaged neatly, just a few wrinkles to get out. I based the sizing off the last dress I bought and it was accurate. I'm 5' 8" and the skirt ends just at my knee. Extremely figure-flattering and fun (this from someone who wears a dress maybe twice a year.) Will check back in if there are any issues after I wash it for the first time, but I'm very excited to get to wear it.


Usually I don't like to buy clothing online, it was the best dress that I bought online so far. I loved it!


LOVE this dress. Great quality, great fit. I am so happy I purchased this dress...Love the retro cut, so flattering. Pay attention to the size chart they provide, however. As a woman with a larger bust, I went a size up, and I am glad I did. And, the best part is that the belt is included, and will literally fit every size. So the extra fabric on the waist won't be an issue because I can cinch the belt. Going to wear it on a cruise with the black Bolero sweater I bought from the same seller.


The material of the dress is comfortable. The design is pretty. This dress runs small so order a size or 2 up than you'd normally wear. That was just my experience. I'm normally a large or a 12 depending on the designer. I ordered a XL and it fit well if a little tight in the chest without a bra. I'm 5'6 and the length hit almost mid knee. The waist is really comfortable and the dress hangs well. If you are a C cup or larger like me, pay more attention to the bust size then the waist.


I love the dress. I just received it today and tried it on. I personally like the big polka dots instead of the smaller ones. The dress fits very nice. The armholes could have been a tad bit bigger I think for just a bit more movement. I'm 5' 2" 115 lbs and wear between a 2-4. I ordered this dress in a small. I will definitely order from them again, and might choose a medium as well just to see the size difference.


The dress came in a nice zippered plastic bag, and a thin little black belt. I tried it on with a thicker belt, and with black shoes it looks great.


