Bought this for an Easter dress. When I tried it on my husband said it looked tailored on me, which made me ecstatic. Lovely thick material, looks fabulous with or without a petticoat, and nice, strong seams. I'm 5'4" and 120 lbs and it hits just below my knee. Also, I'm not very busty and this laid well on me, so if you're well endowed, it may be a little tight on top.


Grace Karin is hands down the best! I am in MN so spring is refusing to make an appearance. But at some point, I will be wearing all of these dresses and adding photos. My weight is a bit questionable and I am between a medium and large so I went with the medium for motivation. I am 5 8, 165lbs and it fits but I could afford to lose 8 lbs..


I love this dress! The belt on it works for me, as I know some reviewers took it off or got a different belt. My only concern is that the dress is dry clean only and cannot be in the sunlight for too long. Other than that, I'm excited I found something that fit so well and is so cute! I'm a 36 DD with an hourglass shape (size 14) and the 2XL fit me well.


I spent like a week thinking if I will give a try to this dress. I was really skeptical about this dress. but when it was delivered (really fast by the way) I just love the fabric and how it flows, really nice dress, as the title says its a 50's dress. so you have to wear it with the right shoes and accesories .


I thought it would be see-through, but it's so nice!  The fabric is thick and the belt has many holes to fit different sizes.  The skirt is very full, but makes for some cute twirls!  I saw some put a petticoat under it, and that'd be cute too.  I would buy another if it wasn't for the price, but it is a very classy dress.


Love...this is my second dress from Grace Karin. I also have a floral and I love them. They are beautiful and paired with a petticoat are just that much prettier. I get so many compliments on this style dress. Great for weddings, date nights, holidays!


Love this dress. Beautiful and nicely made.  I read other comments before purchasing and sized up, because I was afraid it wouldn't fit. It arrived and was too big!


So I returned (which was VERY easy) and reordered the correct size. Arrived today and its perfect.


Im getting married and my bridal shower, next month,  is a tea party. So this dress with a beautiful fascinator and a pettycoat under it (also grace karin) feels very lady like and bridal and party appropriate!


I recommend highly!!!!!!!


Love this dress! I need a black dress for a funeral, i wore white pearls with the dress and it was amazing! It was true to size. The dress went right passed my knees.


So pretty! Fit's like a glove and is extremely flattering to an hourglass figure. Since the dress is white cotton and doesn't have a lining, you will need to wear nude undergarment/slip. That is the only draw back for me, but since I got this dress on a lightning deal, I really can't complain. Just waiting for the right occasion to wear this out, maybe brunch...? Bottom line, if you're considering ordering this dress, do it!


I love this dress! The material was beautiful and dress well made.  I am so disappointed to have to return the dress because it was unable to zip up dress around the bra line area.  There were 3-4 inches of gap difference so I would have to get 3xl for dress to fit comfortable in that area. I normally wear size 14 sometimes 16 depends on the dress.  If you are 38 and above DD bust ordering 2 size up would be great. I wish that Grace Karin would carry sizes 2xl and 3xl  :(


