I ordered my usual size (2XL), but it's a bit big. So, I placed another order one size down. I LOVE the material. It's not cheaply made at all. I look forward to wear more of your dresses in the future.


Great dress, but the waistline is MUCH lower than shown in the picture. I thought it was across the middle of the ribs, but it is more towards the bottom, close to the top of your hips. As a plus size woman with most of my weight in my gut, I would appreciate a higher waistline to hide my belly.


Sooooo cute! Love love love this dress! As many others said the belt was way too big so don't bother with it. It's cute by itself but I think I may go for a red belt like many others have. If it were not for the belt I would have given it 5 stars. Oh- so you are aware it's dry clean only. That's a bit of a bummer but I spose given the material it makes sense.


I bought this dress to wear to my husband's work Christmas party.  It was a little on the big side on the top, which is surprising because being a DD I rarely have that problem. I had to make the shoulder straps shorter by folding them over and sewing. Doing this did not bother me, I'm short and round so I regularly need to adjust clothing. This dress was so comfy and very flattering! Great deal for a classy dress!


When the dress was bought, it felt awesome... A little snug but that's because of a little Weight here and there. I would advise Not to gain any weight once purchased..


Very nice quality.


I was completely surprised at how nice this dress is! The Small fit perfectly with no adjustments needed. I am between a 0-2-4 so wondered how this might work. It's fun,flirty, and a great color. The fabric is much better quality than expected due to the amazing bargain price. I ordered the slip but decided that was overkill for my age. It got 2 thumbs up from my daughter, my fashion critic. This dress is a lot of fun for all sorts of occasions.


Loved this dress! True to size so it fit perfect. Received so many compliments! I usually wear a size 14 and ordered an XL


I purchased this dress and it came extremely quick.  I am so happy with my purchase. The only thing is I did not reveive a belt as seen in the pictures.  I received so many compliments.  I would definitely do this again.  Thanks


Fit perfect, would love one in every color. Haven't washed it yet, hoping it does not fade. Love it. I am a size 14, bought the XXL as the chart indicated and it was perfect!


