This is a beautiful dress! Bought it for my daughter for Christmas.  She's 5'7" and 145. Normally wears a 4-6 and I purchased her a small which fit perfectly. Delivered promptly.


Love this dress! Bought it for my 35th birthday night out with my husband. I bought the black one with a red petticoat and it was stunning!


Beautiful dress! Very good quality and material is not thin at all. Perfect length. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the neckline gapes a tad bit for me. It was expected as I'm a larger size in the waist than bust though.


I was skeptical at first but I am SOLD! The dress is beautiful, I would give it 5 stars but sadly my belt broke after just one wear. I do plan to order an additional dress in another style


Absolutely love this dress! Fit perfectly and love to twirl in it! I am larger on top and was worried it wouldn't work out but I was wrong!


LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! Wore the dress for a wedding and got so many compliments, I normally wear between xl and 1xl and I ordered a 1xl and it fit perfectly! Dress was absolutely stunning. I bought the black thing to go under it and it made the dress come out so much more. I will be buying more!


Beautiful lots of compliments, but a bit long for my 5'2 frame. Will get it customzed otherwise no complaints. Wore it with the pedi skirt also by designer.


L, F-1 fit nicely for 5'4:, 145 lbs, bust: 37", waist: 32", hips: 38"


Looks really high waisted without the belt, but the belt brings it together super well


Impressed with quality - exceeds what was "expected for the price".  Can be dressed up or down with the right  accessories.  To give a more formal occasion look (for weddings or proms), consider purchasing Grace Karin Petticoat in coordinating or contrasting colors.  Planning on additional dress purchases in different colors/patterns!


This dress is insanely adorable! I am not a dress person but I love this dress, if that tells you anything. It fit me like a glove (ordered a medium - I am 5'9" and 150 lb) and it is very comfortable and lightweight. I am tempted to order 2-3 other colors and patterns because I love it THAT much. For the price, you can't beat how universally flattering and well made this dress is.


