Adorable dress but ran larger than described.  The dress is very well made but I found the material to be a tad heavy for the summer. I was going to exchange it for a smaller size but then decided against it as I wanted a lighter dress for the summer.  I am usually between a size 10 -12 in dresses and I am 5'7.  Hope this helps you.


Please read the sizing chart before ordering. I am a size 12/14 so ordered xl based on reviews and I could not get it past my hips. The ordered a 2xl because I loved the dress and I think on this one the sizing was marked wrong because it was even smaller than the first one. Returned both and ended up ordering a different dress but similar color from Gowntown and it was perfect.


The print was the same, but the fit was horrible. I put it on and it looked like an large table cloth was draped on me. It was not flattering at all. It was folded tightly, so the dress came extremely wrinkled. It does not hold it's shape well. The dress was lifeless. You would have to put a tulle skirt or something underneath to give this dress some type of shape. I returned immediately.


I would say it's made okay - the shoulders fit perfectly, but it sat way too low on my waist and the waist line was way too big. I'm returning it. The color is vibrant and just like the picture. Reminds me of something we would have made in my home economics sewing class, not something you'd buy in a store. I'm 5'4" 120 pounds.


Love it


finally... I grew up as dress / pant size zero>2 and then as I got older sizes changed (becoming larger) and zero's were now larger than they were... this dress actually fit in the waist. I'm 5'5' 105lbs.


there is space under the top to wear a camisole... which I do. I plan to add a liner, --- for now a camisole works great and is comfortable and not visible... and yes I wore a slip under the skirt.


if I were dancing in this dress, I'd wear (bike style) shorts... and if a windy day I'd wear (bike style) shorts since the skirt is so light and full...


fyi, the pattern seams don't match --- depending on the dress you receive the patterning might be off.


Pretty dress, but I erred on the side of caution as a lot of reviews said it runs small-which it didn't. I ordered a size up for my sister and it literally was a size too big.  I was not a fan of the fabric- it's good quality good cotton I think but I didn't get that feel from the pictures. It looks like it would be to be washed, lightly starched and ironed before wearing which to me sounds like way too much work. Hence the 4 stars. But my sister loved the cut - she likes vintage stuff and I'll order her the correct size again.


I love this dress. Very comfortable and has just enough flair. I'm 5'10 and normally wear a size 12. I got the Xlarge for good measure. I couldve maybe gotten away with the large but I rather have it a touch big then a touch too small. It JUST hits my knees which is great (but be warned I have a short torso, so those with a longer torso may have an issue with this dress). Im also a 34D and this still gives me room. I will be buying this dress in more colors for sure!! I cant wait to wear it with a petticoat!


Absolutely love this dress! It fits amazingly well and the seams are perfect, the pattern of the dress matches up perfectly! Also, the zipper in the back is not visible  because of the hemming. A great quality that I was surprised to see. This dress will hold up well for a long time because of the quality of fabric! I had a charity event to go to and this was the perfect dress for me, I got lots of compliments! I look forward to ordering more in the future!


I really wanted to like this but the waist hit about an inch under my bust so made my belly area look bigger instead of smaller.  If you have a very short torso this could be great on you.  It did puff out nice without an undergarment and the material was ok.  For me it was very tight in the bust and shoulders and the zipper was a bit cheap and caught a couple of times.


