Being an international buyer, when buying online, I buy big and expect to make adjustments. (The print is something hard to find in my part of the world.)


Any how,I think based on measurement chart, it fits as it should. It was way to big to the seamstress made adjustments in the top leaving the bottom in tack. Fuller skirt effect. The fabric seemed like a lighter bridal satin. Rich colours.


Downside: no lining. With a petticoat however, might not matter.


We're looking for others.


**The pictures from past buyers were helpful. We'll try to upload a few ASAP.


I'm a size 12-14, 34E, 64 inches tall. Bought a size large in the floral-14 dress. Fits perfect. No areas where it fit too large or too small. Other than your typical amount of give in general fabrics, this dress is not stretchy. The length touches below the knees. The material of the dress is like a satin finish--there is some shine. It is not see-through. For what the dress cost, it is good quality. I purchased the Grace Karin petticoat in black and the PattyBoutik bolero in black to wear with this dress. Highly recommend the petticoat--it just makes the dress that much better.


It took me 4 tries to get the right size with this dress, but in the end I love how it fit and looked.  I am a 36G bust, and ended up with a XXL.  I tried M, L, and XL first, and the only difference seemed to be the room in the top for the bust.  I ended up having to cut a lot off of the belt that came with the XXL so it wouldn't be hanging because my waist is around a medium, but that worked out just fine.  The material wrinkles very easily, so you have to iron it out and be sure to hang it.  I wore it with a petticoat underneath and felt great and comfortable.


I got this as a bridesmaid dress (and got one for myself to try too). My bridesmaids love them! The only complaint is that the armpit hole is too small. The quality of the dress is wonderful. I greatly appreciate when fabric is high quality and thick, that's what you get here. If you follow the size chart posted by the company they dress should fit perfectly, none of my four girls have had any trouble. The length is great, it's an overall very flattering dress.


LOVE these dresses. I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 because of the size differences. I ordered 3 of these dresses in different colors (all the same sizes) for some reason this color (maroon/red) was bigger than the other two and it seemed like it was sewn differently. It was really weird. Exact same dresses just different colors. I needed this one for a wedding & had to end up pinning it back just so I could wear it. The Floral one I bought fit perfectly & the black one was slightly more loose than the floral, but not as big as the maroon one.


If I could keep reviewing this over and over again, I could....i have got to tell you, I purchased this dress hoping it'd be nice enough to be my Christmas Dress.WOW, It is just incredibly beautiful!  I got the Size Medium (I'm around a 32 B up top but on the bottom more like a 14/16...small top, big bootie lol).  I FEEL like Ms. Hepburn! And to top it off, i found this great green sweater, and already had some black Pumps to go with it. Just fantastic!  In the picture, this dress looks more pink (in MY picture that is), but it is more red color than it is pink, but coloring on my camera is a bit off.


Just got my dress and am in love!  Based on measurements, I bought a 3x, which is slightly too large all over but I can work with it by taking in the bust (I'm 48DD).  I may try a 2x next time to see the difference in fit.  I'm 5'9" with a long torso and the waistline hit me just above my belly button. (I had read reviews where the waist was too short, but on me it was perfect).  I was worried about the skirt being too short, but it hit me right at my knees, so perfect!


The dress is well made, no issues with zipper, seams, stitching, etc.  Fabric is a nice cotton with a good weight, not shiny or cheap.  The skirt is very full and twirly, and looks even better with a crinoline underneath.  Belt is not great, but are they ever when they come with a dress?  I'm going to replace with a wide red grosgrain ribbon sash anyway.  Dress was packaged very nicely too.


Bottom line is this is a great dress, especially for the price!  I think it could work with most body types, and for many different occasions.  I bought it to wear to a "Mad Men" party but will probably wear it to my son's graduation too!  And I'll be buying more - so many great colors and prints to choose from!  Just make sure you are getting a real Grace Karin dress, not one of the knockoffs sold for much less.


Everything is great about this dress, except it’s a little large in the top.


I got the 4x cause I’m mean well it’s online shopping. I usually wear a 3x in bottoms and 2x on top. There’s enough material in the top area to fit my fist. But it’s still really cute and flattering.


Just received this dress in the mail today, and it does not disappoint!  We bought it for a Homecoming dance and it is just too cute. We used the sizing chart and it fits beautifully.  We purchase an XS for my 5' 97lb daughter.  Quality seems to be excellent so far. We also ordered a petticoat and it really looks nice with it.  We will definitely be buying Grace Karin dresses again.  I also took the advice of others to double check that we had GK as the seller to get the quality of the original designer and not a knock off.


My daughter asked me to order the white dress with polkadots for her to wear in a school play. When I looked at the Amazon product page I was intrigued  by the number of positive reviews and pictures. I really wanted to see what the fuss was about, so I ordered it. Even with all of the positive reviews I was still surprised at how nice the dress turned out to be. The skirt is full and has enough weight that when my daughter spins she can really get it up and twirling. It is not an expensive dress, but the seams are sewn well and I felt it was well worth the price. The hem leaves something to be desired (small but sewn flat well) but once again the price is right. The belt is huge. I believe the makers expect that I can cut it to size...and I will.


