 Love Love Love this dress!


It is extremely comfortable, great quality materials and a beautiful pattern.


Exceeded my expectations!


I also bought the underskirt from this same designer, which worked perfectly!


All together i paid under $30 for this dress and underskirt.


Love this dress! I bought this for a 50s themed party and everyone kept saying I looked like a vintage movie star, so it definitely delivered the look I was trying to go for. It fit very well. I ordered a small and I'm 5'4" about 120lbs and nothing was tight. As everyone has mentioned the belt, that comes with it, is huge!  I just wore a different belt that I already had but I'd imagine you could cut it and poke holes in it to make it shorter. If you get this dress definitely get a petticoat to go under it, it definitely brings the dress to a new level and gives it the flounce your looking for.


I love this dress! It made my college graduation day spectacular, and I got a ton of compliments on it. Even without a petticoat, it has a nice shape to it and was extremely comfortable. The only real con I had with it was how wrinkled it was when it arrived. You'll more than likely have to take it to get pressed/dry cleaned prior to wearing it.


I ordered a size up because things online are usually too small, but this was a little too big so I think it is true to size. It has a very full skirt and a cute small belt, but I may opt for a more chunky belt when I wear it. May post pics when I wear it.


I love it! The material was great for the price. My only concern was the fitting. I bought it using the chart size on the publication.  According to that I am a XXL size. Neverless the dress was too big. I am 5'4" and 167pounds and recently had a baby.  I had to take it to be adjust. I also bought a Petticoat and a Belt so it will be more elegant.


This dress is so flattering and beautiful and I have gotten TONS of compliments in it.


It fits as I expected and it is light and flowy and perfect.


Some people buy a petticoat for extra poof. I didn't but it has a good amount of poof even without it! I did buy another waistbelt to go with it, which just adds to to it. I also bought something to throw on for my arms, since it's sleeveless.


I will be buying more in the future!


I wear a 38 to 40DD. I have never been able to order a dress and fit right into it. 4x. I went by the size chart and not the size (4x sounded huge). This dress went on like it was made for me. My husband loves it.


Very classy and casually elegant 50's style dress!  Arrived quickly as promised and just needed a quick iron prior to wearing for a broadway musical style performance for high school daughter but I would wear as well.  Fit as expected for size (ordered size small for 5'5", 105 lbs, 32" chest, 25" waist and fit nicely with a little extra room.  It does have a little stretch as described.  Highly recommend a petticoat to optimize the 50's skirt look.


Love love love this dress. I can't say enough great things. Especially for the price. It was amazing material and very vibrant floral print which is exactly what I was looking for for Easter. I loved it so much I'm ordering another print for Mother's Day!!!❤


I bought size small after reading the reviews, thinking that I should get one size up.  Size small leaves too much spare room.  I will need to alter my dress to tighten the loose areas.  Size xs would have fit me perfectly.  I am 5'3", 110lbs.  If your frame is on the Pettit side like mine, consider xs.  But if you want to have some allowance just in case, get small and alter to your fit.


