Very cute dress. Bought it for my daughter. She loved it, and the fabric is very good! Fit true the size, I got size large. She is 5'6" and weight 150 pounds,


I liked this dress and wish I could have kept it, but it fit a little weird at the top. The neckline didn't really fit me well. This is well made and a really pretty fabric. I would suggest trying this. I almost kept it to take to a tailor. Adorable on!


Very cute dress. The first dress came on time. I ordered the first dress according to the seller's chart and it came way too big. I had enough time to order a second in a smaller size, it was delayed and missed my event. I'm very disappointed.


This dress was a great dress for a reasonable price. The only small drawback was I did have to re-pleat the skirting when it came in due to creasing from the packaging but for the price in the dress that was no problem! I would definitely purchase from this seller again!


Love this dress! I wore it to my companies red carpet event and got a lot of compliments. It is an above the knee dress for me and I didn't really care for that part (5'7 with 35" inseam) but I still got a ton of compliments. Single stitching, but still held together great. Zipper was nice and long for getting over my wide hips and was a nice strong fabric.


Classic! It fits as expected, and it seems to be well made....hidden stiches at the neckline and quality machine stiching at the hem. The pattern and colors are as pictured! It's an absolute bargain; reminds me of some of my Dressbarn fit amd flare dresses, but half the price! Love!


Bought this dress for a party I'll be attending in FL. Paired it with a red belt as I will be wearing red pumps. It's quite comfy & the material is better than I expected. Didn't give all 5 stars because I didn't fancy the belt it initially came with.


I wear a large or 10 in dresses but this particular one was a little too snug around the chest and rib cage.  I had purchased another pattern earlier this year and the 10 fits perfectly.


I bought this dress to wear to my two bridal showers. I ordered it with Prime's 2 day shipping, and received it right on time. The dress fit a bit small, even after following the sizing guidelines provided by the seller. I usually wear a US size 16/18, so I ordered a 1X. I wish I would have ordered one size larger, but since I was ordering so close to my showers, I didn't have time to exchange for a larger size. The dress itself was made of a nice feeling fabric, although it was extremely wrinkled. Since it was a bit tight on me, I didn't want to wash it and have it shrink because it's 96% cotton. So we spent a lot of time ironing it, which is something to keep in mind if you don't like to iron. The zipper seemed to be of a poorer quality than expected, because there was one spot that kept getting caught even when I wasn't wearing the dress. However, I received many compliments on the dress and would purchase it again, but in a size larger. Also, it did not come with a belt as pictured, but it had belt loops on it. Kind of confusing.


Love this dress. It looks way more expensive than it is. My daughter has gotten so many compliments on it. I recommend purchasing a petticoat to wear with it.  It looks better with a full slip under it than without.


