i am 5'7, ~160lbs, and a large in this dress fit me perfectly! it has a high-quality papery feel and i love the skirt's flare. i bought this to wear during a play, but i'll also be wearing it in my everyday life because i think it's wonderful!


To get the bust size right, I ordered +1 on the size, so it is a bit loose at the waist. I guess its not going to be any better than that unless I have something tailored specificity to my measurements. Decent quality and material.  After I wear it out dancing a few times, I may end up ordering another one in a different pattern.  It looks great with a slightly darker blue petticoat.


Love these dresses.  They fit perfectly. . I got the black with white polka dots and the red with black polka dots.  Can't wait to wear  them with my Mary Jane  pumps.


I bought the blue polka dot one in 2X and it did fit a little big, but not by much.  I'm 5'7" 240lbs 47 41 48, so I thought i would try the 2xl since i read that it did have some give. Don't really think it has much give, but I will probably try a 1X for the next one.  Definitely getting another one! Very well made with good fabric!!


I definitely find this runs small in the chest for the size of the garment. I went with 3X knowing I need the bust room (38G) and while it's not the worst thing I've ever worn, I am still feeling pretty constricted. Also the belt was a joke - no way that was fitting around my waist, not even close. The dress is otherwise fairly well constructed and for the price still worth nabbing, especially if ample chest room if not one of your concerns.


It's a really pretty dress, just not very comfortable. The material is decent, but sort of rough. The arm holes cut into my armpit a lot and it was uncomfortable. It will probably work for others, just not my cup of tea. Other than that, great and beautiful dress!


Love this dress. Very full skirt (it took me almost 45 minutes to an hour to iron it all out). It fits just as expected, if you follow the size chart.


I love my Grace Karin floral dress.  It fits beautifully, it looks elegant and I received many complements.  It looks like I spent so much more than I did.  It was worth every penny.


The dress didn't fit as expected. It was a little to roomy, and the dress looks like it's supposed to hug the waist in the picture. The dress material also isn't as high quality as expected, and it says that this dress needs to be dry-cleaned.


It's a lovely little dress - fits well and looks good.  It would be perfect if it had pockets.  Make dresses with pockets, people!!


