I really, REALLY wanted to like this dress. I'm a huge fan of these 50s-style swinger dresses, and they look so good in the images. However, the fit is really strange.


I'm 5'6", 140 lbs. My measurements are approximately 34-30-37, so I got the medium like the size chart recommended.


- It fit pretty well in the bust, but the arm holes were too large so the fabric puckered around the sides.


- The back puckers out as well; some other reviewers have mentioned this. It's really awkward because the bust fits so well, but it seems like too much fabric was used for the shoulders?


- The waist was actually too large! The belt is very loose and is more decorative than actually tight, so my waist looked like it had no shape.


Fabric is surprisingly heavy and good, but the colours start to fade after only one or two washes (for the blue fabric at least). I really wish the fit were better, but right now it just makes me look awkwardly boxy :(


I purchased a size larger than I normally wear because I tend to find items too small on top, and, needless to say, online shopping can be notorious for that issue. I love the color of this dress (which is a little lighter in reality), and the material has a bit of stretch to it. For anyone wondering, it does come with the small belt as pictured. However, for me the belt needed about three more notches for it to fit. I typically range from a size 16-20 depending on a variety of factors. The 3X that I bought gave me plenty of room to put the dress on without the aid of the zipper and a new sensation for me: the feeling of a tent. Instead of returning the dress, I made use of my sewing machine and took it in where it needed it. I was afraid to get the 2X and run into my old nemesis.  Overall, I'm satisfied with this purchase. For the price, who could ask for more?....okay....maybe pockets.


This is a good dress, and fit pretty well.  I am a M in American sized and ordered an M and it fit.  Like the color, like the fit.  Good quality material and looked cute.  I liked the flare even without a crinoline but with one it would look adorable.  Please note that in the photo I am wearing jeans under, which is why it looks lumpy.


This dress was everything I hoped it would be. It's made out of quality material, so it's not like a dress you would buy from Wish or LightInTheBox, it's got a bit of heft to it. I bought a petticoat to go along with it and that made it perfect. The dress is true to the picture but the picture really doesn't do it justice. Beautiful dress, wore it to a Christmas party and got a ton of compliments.


Edited to add: I'm 5'4" 160lbs and wear a size 36D. I ordered a medium and although the top of the dress was a little tight, the dress fit exactly how I wanted it to.


Loved this dress. I'm 5'4 150lbs. Ordered large since I'm bigger on my chest and shoulders than on my waist, the dress was a perfect fit, material was comfortable. Wore this to my sons graduation and received lots of complements. My order arrived on time and without any issues.


Great for the price point. The skirt is a full circle and the fabric is lightweight has some stretch, making it very comfy.  I had about a couple of inches of extra fabric around the waist that needed to be cinched in with the belt, but this is not surprising, as I typically need a L/XL for the chest and a M for the waist. That is probably the only thing keeping it from being one of my favorite work dresses. The belt has a fun suede-like material on the top but there is nothing you can slide over to keep the tail from flopping around. It will wrinkle after some sitting but was easy enough for even a lazy girl to iron. The zipper is about what you would expect at the price point, but still works nicely after many wears and several washes. Similar-looking dresses sell for around $100 on pin-up sites, and while this one can't compete with the quality of those, the look and fit are about the same.


I purchased this dress three times hoping to get it right. The first order was a small & medium. They both fit but the small was perfect, the medium required tightening the belt a bit. However, the small's hemline was so uneven (3 inches in some places) it couldn't be ignored. THe medium's princess bust seams were cut very, very wrong- the left breast seem ran right down the middle of my chest. So I sent them both back and reordered a small. I was sent a medium and it did not arrive with a belt. It also has a hemline one inch short in about a three inch space in the back. The petticoat I purchased shows but I need something to wear and it will have to suffice. THe bust doesn't lay as nicely as the small but for $30 I guess I shouldn't expect much. I really want to love this dress, I love the design and the floral pattern is so feminine and cute but I will not be purchasing anything else from this seller.


This is my first time to order a dress online. Ordered red and black polka dot and the dress is well made and i love the color. I am satisfied with my purchased.


This dress is exactly what I was looking for!  I'm am an hourglass figure and hovering around a size 16-18 at the moment.  A-line dresses and skirts are extremely flattering on my body type (big on the top and bottom and tapered in the middle).  This dress hides and any excess weight around your hips well.  It is a very classic look and can easily be worn for dressing up or as a casual dress.  The fabric feels nice, it's not too thin or thick, just a nice weight.  The dress is a bit more snug across my chest  (40DDD) than I'd like it to be but nothing that would make me return it for a size up at this time.  I do recommend ordering a size or two up on this as it runs small and for that extra touch to buy a petticoat to give the skirt an extra lift.  I really think you will really like this dress if this style appeals to you and for the price it can't be beat!


I ordered this dress for a last-minute Kentucky Derby party. It arrived on-time, with a belt, and exactly as pictured. The material is fairly thick, flattering, and a petticoat isn't necessary (though one could definitely be used). The belt is clearly one-size-fits-all. It has enough holes to where I think most would be able to wear it, but it was a bit awkward trying to wrap the extra material around my waist. However, I was thankful it came with a belt as the dress runs a little big and looks somewhat sloppy without it. I'm 5'5" and 144lbs and ordered a medium. Overall this is a great dress for the price!


