I seldom do reviews but absolutely love this dress.  I am 5'3 and small frame.  I got a small and it fits well, perhaps slightly wide in the waste but add a belt and not noticable.  I did have to use one of my own belts as the belt that comes with it is way too big and not the  best quality.  One other downside is that it recommends dry cleaning.  I washed in delicate cycle, line dried. It will require steaming the wrinkiles out or ironing.  So it is higher maintenance but the classy style and versatility of the dress makes it worth it!! It was the perfect length for my taste!  I can wear to work or a night out.


I received all kinds of compliments in this dress. From Church, shopping in stores.. I also got the approval looks. I wore it a small wedge hee Royall blue sude sandal and a Royal Blue stretch belt.also I wore a petticoat underneath. For that extra flair.


This is such a pretty print. I ordered according to chart provided by seller, but thought it was still to tight in bust area so I ordered a size larger. But I don't like tight tops.  It came with the belt as pictured. It falls to the knees on me ( I am 5'7"). It arrived fast (with prime). I will order more of this style now that I know how sizes run.


I can't even express how much I love this gorgeous dress! I want to order one for everyday of the week if I could get away with wearing this dress everyday is how much I love it! I've ordered several other colors, same 50's style dresses!


Beautiful dress. For perfectly. I was worried because of the measurements given. But this has enough stretch to allow for room. I’m 5’5” and weigh 141. Bust is 36B. A Medium fit nicely . I’m ordering another one!!


I love this dress!!! It's so cute and flowy, it twirls perfectly! The colors are beautiful and it's perfect with a 26' petticoat. I'm so excited to wear this to a wedding next weekend!


Update: I got so many compliments at the wedding! The dress was perfect! I'm sure I'll be ordering this in a different color/pattern for any  event that pops up!


I was very disappointed in this dress. It was too high waisted and just didn't fit very well.The fabric is rather weird. I tried putting on two different slips with it and the dress kept sticking to itself and also to the slip (which I've never had happen before). It made it bunch up every time I walked. I've ordered other dresses from different companies in this same style/cut and I've really liked them. This one, however, was very unflattering and annoying. I'm returning it.


I love this dress. It is very well made and the seams, hem,  zipper & the material are all lovely. However, when I first tried it on, the back of the dress fell in such a way that it made my butt look huge! I washed it and hung it on the line to dry. Problem solved! The rear end no longer stuck out and it fits very nicely.


I am 5'5", 150lbs with small B's- I purchased a large.


I was totally amazed at how wonderful this dress fit.  I am the type person who reads the bad reviews first.  I know, I know, I shouldn't do that but I want to know why someone may not like a product... even if it's just one bad review (2 stars or less).  But then I always go back and read the good ones too.  Anyway,  It was a hit at my husband's family reunion dinner.  I got some really nice compliments. Thinking about purchasing another one...We'll see.


I bought a similar dress a month prior. I couldn't even get it over my head. But this company!!!!! Fits true to size and is great quality! Simple stitching but high quality fabric. I received so many comments at swing dancing. If you are short, I'm 5'4 it will probably be down to your knees. I bought a tule slip and it was still long. Easy to hem. I can't wait to buy more!!!! Love it!


