I'm 5'8 with athletic/curvy build and I ordered a medium size dress with a medium black petticoat. It fits perfect and I absolutely love it. I'm wearing it to my rehearsal dinner or changing into it later during my wedding reception (it's an outdoor wedding). Good quality fabric. Everyone gal should have this dress in their closet.


Multiple people in 5 different locations said that the dress was pretty. I have no fashion sense - so, I'll take their word for it. The fabric is also very light and will fly up when the wind blows.


This dress exceeded my expectations. I ordered this to wear for Easter Sunday. I ordered Thursday and received early Saturday and the dress fits like a dream. I received so many compliments on this dress and it was so comfortable. It was slightly loose at the top but other than that I have no complaints and plan on buying a few more in different patterns.


Fabric design is pretty. The fit left much to be desired. I was hoping the seam for the bust and skirt would drop to the waste. However, even when I purchased a size large (D cup bust, about  36'' and 27'' waist) the seam came just below my chest, giving the flowing skirt a start a bit high. That isn't flattering on figures who care to show a waist line. Save your money. This pattern and construction of this dress is over priced for what it delivers


This dress is absolutely beautiful! Purchased for our cruise in two weeks, going to wear it on Captains Night! I love the material and the way it fits. The only reason I gave four stars is the top is a little tight. I wear a 38D and had to leave it zipped to slide over head. I probably should have went with a XXL.. but I can make this work! I probably will order another color in the future!


Fit is odd. Had pleats right in the front that made me look pregnant. The belt was placed at an awkward spot and did not look good. I returned this product.


Loved it! Very sturdy. I bought the black with white dots. I measure 39-35-42, normally wear M and got an XL. Probably could have bought a L as it was roomier in the top but not noticeable.


great cut; good fit; 2nd one of this same dreww - 2 diff patterns - I recommend it knowing the surge buys will jack up the price! lol


Bought this for my wife for Christmas and see looked amazing in this dress. Used the easy to use size chart and was a perfect fit. Quality dresses. Will be buying more


I ordered this dress (XS) for my 14yo daughter's Recognition/Graduation on Middle School and it fits her perfectly. It is a beautiful dress, very simple yet elegant looking. We love the way it fits my daughter. The fabric is not cheaply made.


