I love this dress. For the price it is a great deal. The material is much better quality than what I was expecting. The color is as bright and bold as the picture. I ordered the petticoat to go underneath. It is sassy and classic vintage at the same time. I did order this dress 1 size larger than I would have normally so I do have a little wiggle room. I am more of a pear shape. I carry most of my weight in my hips and have a small waist and bust, so the a line of the dress is perfect for me. I do imagine for a woman with a larger bust that the dress might be quite uncomfortable above the waist. I cannot wait to order more of these. Will definitely be back for at least 2 more next week. Love, Love, Love.


Very nice dress. Sized perfectly. Comfortable


I absolutely love this dress. I am 5'1 and my bust size is a 36DDD I got this dress in a medium and it fits perfectly. I also brought this dress in another color as well. I will be buying this again it is very light weight and cool for the summer.


This dress is a must buy I will be ordering a few more! very pleased!!!!!!


I LOVE this dress! I'm 5'5'' and 168 lbs with a smaller chest than behind and the Large was PERFECT on me. Don't order a size up if you are on the fence, the fabric has a bit to give and this is supposed to be snug,


Exactly what I wanted! It seemed a bit big but I wouldn't go any smaller. I am 5'4" and 120 lbs and got the small. I didn't like the belt that came with but, I'll just buy another. The dress does need a petticoat for under it as it's very plain without. Very satisfied.


I absolutely, positively adore this dress but it arrived WAY too big. However, I am a slender girl (5'7'' and about 115-120 lbs with a 27" waist and 34" bust) so I'll simply be exchanging the small for the extra small so that I do not have to wear it with a belt to get the silhouette desired.


UPDATE: My extra small arrived in the mail and fits like a glove. I am extremely happy with my purchase! I don't remember the last time I was this excited over an outfit!!


Beautiful dress, unlined though so consider that with undergarment choice because the fabric is thin. I sized up based on reviews and find it to be a bit big ordered a (xxl) I wish I just got my normal size of (xl). For sizing purposes I am 5'8" size 16 in dresses and 40dd.


I was antsy about the size, and got an xl, (I'm 188lb, 5'7, and 34 i), and it fits really well. The waist is higher than I like, but with a thick belt, it will hug my curves perfectly!


My fiancé loved this, I didn't. It was cute an decent quality but it wasn't as flared as I would have liked. I put on a tulle skirt underneath to see if that would help and it just looked frumpy. Quality was great, fit wasn't what I was looking for.


I love 50s/'60s fashion and I wear dresses most of the time so I'm primed to like this. It's a very pretty and simple black dress in a flattering cut; the fabric is sturdy and smooth and far from cheap. My only problem is that it's somewhat small. I read multiple reviews and looked at pictures and measured myself then ordered a large, but it's tighter than I expected it to be on my waist and quite snug on my bust. I'm only a 36B so I'm especially surprised by that. I can zip it and sit down/bend over fine but if if you have a larger bust than mine you should definitely go XL.


