The dress is stunning, the perfect length (I'm 5'5"), and a fun addition to my closet! The fabric is shinier than I expected and the necklace gapes a little bit, but the moment I tried it on my husband said, "Man, how did I get so lucky?". Very happy with my purchase!


I was so excited to buy this dress .... until I tried it on. It runs at least 2 sizes smaller than labeled. The quality of the dress however seems quite good. Appear sturdy and well made. Oh well .. it will find a new home with someone who can fit into it better than me. :(


The dress is wonderful, material is great. I wish a 3x had actually fit me though. I'm 5'5"  230lbs 44 DD  size 20 pants and was swimming in a 3x. I normally wear a 2x but went up according to the measurement chart


Beautiful dress! Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it wasn't as long as it looks in picture. It's very well made I will definitely buy this dress again. I absolutely love it!


the dress is exactly as shown. I gave it one star instead of five because it was delivered damaged. It was torn in a very visible place, directly over the bust.


I ordered in a 2X, and it fits me a little snug (for reference, I'm 5'9", 195 lbs, and 40DD).  I normally wear an XL.  I love the cut, and it will fit great when I lose about 5 pounds.  :)  Just order up a size.


This dress is lovely and fits well. The material is a good weight that drapes nicely and the color is so pretty. I'm pretty disappointed in the length, it doesn't even reach my knees. I was talked into keeping it despite this but I'm not sure how much I'll wear it since it's so short. Don't really recommend for anyone over 5'8" or with long legs. (I'm 5'11" for reference)


Pretty impressed with this dress considering how inexpensive it was. It's lightweight, but just a tad bit too sheer for my liking. My only real complaint is that I followed their size chart and my dress just still a little tight, nothing terrible, but if you're in between sizes you may want to size up. Other than that, this is a good purchase.


I love love love this dress!! So beautiful! I wear a 3-4x top, 28/30 jeans, ordered this dress in a 26 and it fits perfectly. There is a small gap in the chest area I'm not sure if this was intended but it makes no difference to me! Love it! Will be wearing it for my Bridal Shower.


Love this dress. It was exactly as I wanted it and it fit perfectly. I did buy a petticoat to wear with the dress. The only thing is that the belt that came with it was way too big.


