Fit me like a glove, true to size! Best internet purchase I've ever made, gorgeous dress and got a TON of compliments.


This dress is absolutely the cutest thing! I fit perfectly, I went by the size chart in the description. I wore this to my senior baccalaureate dinner with my graduation gown and it was perfect. The fabric is heavy enough to not need a slip but light enough so as not to be too warm. It was exactly what I was looking for, it is modern but has a Audrey Hepburn retro look about it. I purchased it in the white with black floral print and paired it with a red belt and red heels. I would definitely recommend this dress.


This dress is as fabulous as all the reviews indicated.  The material is good quality and it is very flattering.  I will probably order more in different patterns in the future when I need another dress!  Their sizing is a little smaller than normal American sizing, so I ordered 1 size larger than normal which was a good decision.


Purposely ordered a large as I had an event and didn't have time to return items. I didn't have a good me a sense of which size medium or large would fit and didn't have a chance to take my measurements before ordering.  Turns out large is too big, typically I'm a 8-10. Loved the style and the print, ordered same dress in the lemon's and that fit like a glove. Lots of fun.


Love this dress! I may order this in every color. I got so many compliments. I ordered a medium, it fit well, was made well and was perfect!


Love this dress! I chose to wear it without a petticoat. I wore my spanx underneath and I feel like the dress gripped the spanx. Loved the compliments I received! Can't beat it for $30


Wrikled but can be ironed. Fits a little big in the arm pits but perfect everywhere else. Very flattering


Love this ! I'm 5'4, busty girl, and it is a great wear! I got so many compliments on it and it's super classy. It went a little past my knees which is exactly what I wanted ! Going to be wearing it for a pin up shoot later on ! I want so many more !


Quality was better than expected. I would definitely recommend this product. I love that it fit perfectly.


Bought this for a summer wedding, love the colors, very vibrant. Perfect length. I am 5'4" 125 lbs, but with a D cup, and I was worried about the bust being too small, but the fabric is stretchy enough to accommodate! Very happy with the dress, also ordered the crinoline, will update when I try it on under the dress.


