This dress is adorable, flowy and fun. The fabric is light enough to wear in warm weather, but feels very solid and durable to the touch. Despite being white, you cannot see undergarments through this unless they are bright neon colors. I bought


On another posters advice, I purchased 


 to go with this dress. They work very well together. The belt that comes with this dress is not very substantial, but that doesn't matter to me personally. If you prefer a belted look I would recommend you buy a belt separately.


I am 5'3 and 130lbs, 34C. I purchase a large, though I would probably fit a medium just fine. The neckline does not lay completely flat, likely due to the larger size. I plan to purchase more of these in other patterns in the future.


The dress is fabulous! I don't wear short sleeves so I'm adding a cap sleeve, the material is perfect, nothing cheap about this dress except the price!!.  The belt needs a loop to hold the end.  I'm buying more as soon as possible.  The fit is snug but I'm taking off a few pounds to do the job.  No pictures to post at this time but take my word for it that its a great dress.  Make sure it the brand your looking for....two many copy cats....this one is the real deal


I am 5'0" and 210 lbs and ordered a XXL to be on the safe side and it did fit it was just a a bit snug in the chest and stomach. We struggled with the zipper in that area for a few minutes. But honestly I struggle with most clothes in my chest. Once the dress was on it was very flattering and looked great. I bought the white with the black floral print and wore a black petticoat underneath. The dress isn't at all see through like I was afraid of. Overall, this is a beautiful dress, especially for $30!  I got a lot of compliments!


I really like this dress once I purchased the correct size for me.  I'm 5'4 135lbs and a 34 DDD.  Yeah....so needles to say I needed a Large for my top half.  When I ordered the medium originally I could not zip up.  Who was I kidding but the bottom half fit great.  I returned for the large because I really like this dress.  The large fits perfect on top and the rest is great too.  I will be wearing for an upcoming wedding.


This dress I so beautiful, great fabric.


I have never received more compliments on a dress in my life. I wear with a larger belt, but otherwise it's great. Definitely recommend this petticoat for a fuller 'swing' look. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01EKUTW4K/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o06_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1


I purchased both F-49 & F-54 in XL. I'm 5'9" 34-31-38. They are a little bit tight across my bust/armholes but it wasn't unmanageable and looked great.


This dress is stunning, classic, elegant, and perfectly southern!! Quality is impeccable. I am 5'4, 137 lbs, 28-29" waist, 36DD and a medium fit perfect. Hits about 2" below the knee, arm holes are just as they should be, fabric does have a small amount of stretch. I plan to order more patterns just to have them on hand. I really cannot say enough about this dress. I did purchase the petticoat to go underneath, but the dress looks just as amazing without. Arrived in a nice bag, a little steam and it was perfect and wrinkle free.


This dress is honestly one of the best clothing purchases I’ve ever made. It’s beautiful and high quality. It zips smoothly, the material is decently thick, and the print I ordered was bright and saturated. I was nervous about choosing a dress that I couldn’t try on first, but it fit just as expected. I am 5”4, 160lbs, and I ordered the XL. It was perfect.


I wore it to a wedding and I received so many compliments on it. In a situation where people are focusing on the bride and groom, any compliment on your attire feels pretty genuine.


My one complaint was the smell—the dress did have a slight chemical odor, and the belt was even worse. But after letting them air out and steaming the dress to get the wrinkles out, the smell was gone and I didn’t notice it.


I did order the petticoat from Grace Karin to go under it, and it fluffed the dress out perfectly with no need for an additional slip. If you’re going to be twirling on a dance floor, this dress and petticoat combination should be your go-to! Love this dress!


LOVE IT!! I was worried that it would be too small, but I put it on and it fit like a glove. The material is very durable and the quality is fantastic. I'm going to get another one!!


Even after seeing the reviews I was surprised to see how well constructed this dress is. The fabric has a nice weight and a twill weave. I once paid *twice* as much for a very flimsy dress from a retailer rhyming with "pod sloth", so I'm delighted with this one.


My measurements are 41-35-45, and the XL fits like a glove and is very flattering. The slight stretch makes it pretty comfortable. Yes, the skirt is a full circle.


It really is just lovely and I want to order more prints!


