LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this dress! I bought a large and it was a little snug (5'5 and 175 lbs) but it still fits and looks great!! Highly recommend! There are so many different patterns of this dress too! Will be buying more!


In love with my dress!!!!


I was worried about the size but it fit perfectly. I'm 5'5" and 98 lbs. I'm 20, but super slim. If you are slender and small then xs is great. But no belly ladies! Then you will need a small instead. I don't have give room, it fits just right and I'm good with that. The fabric is super light but not cheap. Wear something underneath though cause it'll blow up in the wind.


I'm 4-9 and weigh 113. Fit perfectly at my waist and everywhere else. It did not puff in the back at he zipper which sometimes happens at the top with some dresses. :) It does have a little bit of stretch in the material. It's very soft. I love it. I bought it for a Kentucky derby party.


Love this dress!  I bought the dress for dancing, but will wear as a regular summer dress, too. I ordered by seller's measurements (not Amazon's). Fit is spot on with perhaps a little extra room in the waist. The skirt is a full circle. Fabric is crisp with just enough stretch for comfort and movement. The dress seems well-made. A bargain at the price. Would give it 5 stars, but mine is missing the belt.


This dress is absolutely adorable! I wanted a fun, flowery Easter dress that would be appropriate for church, and that is exactly what I got. I followed the sizing guide, and it fit perfectly! I would reorder it again in a heartbeat!


I was nervous to order this dress!  I am oh so happy that I did!  I love this dress!!!  The quality is amazing!  I bought this dress to wear with a crinoline for a 1950's themed bridal shower. The dress was perfect.  I have worn it without the crinoline to two weddings & have been complimented on this dress at both.  If you are on the fence about ordering this dress, do it!  I am actually thinking of buying another one in a print.


I'm a lot thicker in the waist than I used to be, so I bought this dress with great apprehension. It was snug, but not uncomfortable, and I didn't look like a stuffed sausage. I felt very pretty. (It had to be ironed before wearing.)


My daughter is 5'7 and 120 lbs we ordered a medium it fits great she is tall so it hit just above her knee.


Fits so cute.  If you are careful to measrue correctly, you will get a great fit.  Love it!!!


It was a great dress.  I bought it to wear to my son's graduation, and was very happy with the purchase!


