Cute but somewhat small. I wish it didn't have a zipper and it was just a stretchy pull-over material. But it's still cute! And I love it with the belt. I am around 230 pounds and 5'3 and ordered a XXL.


I LOVE this dress.  It fits perfectly and it is very feminine and "dressy".  The quality is very good and it will even twirl if you want it to!  I would buy about 6 of these in different colors if I could.  It does not need ironing.


The cut over the bist is a little tight, and I bought a large thinking that it might happen. I do not need large... It is also to be underlined that the waist is a little high-probably should have been half an inch lower-. I am 5'-7" tall, and my body is perfectly proportioned.


I let out the minimum seam on the front of the dress and it feels better, but I should have not needed to do that. The fabric has a beautiful summer print, therefore I will wear it even if might not be perfect !


Zoe Pappas


THIS DRESS IS ABSOLUTELY ADORABLE!!


It fits me perfectly.  My measurements are:  5' 5".  120 lbs.  Bust:  36C  Waist: 25"  Hips:  35".


I ordered a Medium and it looks darling with my 26" -petticoat that I purchased with it!


I ordered an XL based off of all the reviews I read. I'm 5'8" 140ish lbs. I am somewhat tall, somewhat thin with big breasts. Thought it was a safe bet for me. It was. Yeah! The packaging was perfectly done and the note was a nice touch. I will be ordering another dress very soon. Also, I bought the petticoat. It just looks so good together. Thanks.


LOVE THIS DRESS!!! I'm extremely picky about ordering DRESSES online because I' very specific about materials and lengths. I have wider hips so I always worry about online purchasing because you can't try it on! But this dress is AMAZING. I am highly encouraged to buy every print and color they have! The material is nothing fancy but it is durable and easy to wash. Very light weight! I wore something underneath to poof it out for an event, but you could definitely wear as is and it would be a cute summer dress! I received many compliments.


I will be buying more from this seller. The fabric feels great. The fit was what I expected, I will buy a colored belt other than the black on provided to give the dress some flash of color. I love the 1950's era style clothing and this made my day. My hubby loves it and my son told me that I looked great in it, so my most important fans loved it, I'm stoked.


I was VERY hesitant  about buying a dress online. But I thought, " hey, it's only $30. I can always return it."  Plus, I thought the sizings were a little confusing! I thought 1X and extra-large were kinda,  sort of the same thing!  Not only was this dress made of great material, but using the sizing chart was really helpful! I'm planning on getting a couple more, and I'm definitely sold on this brand! You won't be disappointed!


It fits great. However, the belt that is suppose to come with it was not with it. Also, I am a little nervous about the first wash, the material seems as though it may bleed and fade quickly. If the first wash goes well, I will purchase this brand again.


I love it! I'm 5'2, 108lb and I bought size XS. It fits like a glove, got so many compliments! it looks much better on you than on picture. Honestly, the prints on the dress looks like it would cost $300, but I'm glad it did not. I will be buying different colors, just because I love the style of this dress, I can wear this to church or wedding or even to work. LOVE IT!


