Only 4 stars cause it needs to be ironed after the wash...which I don't love in the slightest but very cute and complimentary to my figure which is a work in progress still. I'm 5'4" 166lbs. Large worked perfect for me and my somewhat larger bust. When I reach goal weight ordering another in my goal size!!


Have had so many complements on this dress.  Beautiful dress, nice material.  I weigh 165 and I'm a DDD and wear a size 9-10 pants, my waist is 30 and hips are 40.  I'm more top heavy.  Also, I'm 5'8.5 and the length is below my knee without a toto... and with one it is right to the knee.  My daughter is 5'11 and weighs the same but is a size "B" on top fits her a little looser on top, but the length is good because of that, goes to her knees.  All around good dress, I have bought a lot of different belt to match, and I have bought a burgundy and a couple more of these dress. Even bought one and gave to niece that just had baby, she say it flatters her bring out the firgure in any women.. would suggest this for any women. Also, I'm 40 and my daughter is 16.. so not age limit on this style..LOL..


I love this dress. It’s adorable. I ordered size large. I’m 5’1, 155lbs, 36DD, size 10 jeans, size large shirt. I wish there was just a touch more room or give to the fabric in the chest area. It just fits. It is very fitted, almost to the point where I’m a little nervous to wear it because I am afraid that the wrong turn or bend in this dress might cause a problem. I don’t like my upper arms so a little shrug or sweater is a must. A crinoline is an absolute must and the perfect touch. I really wish the sizing had been a little more accurate for the chest area on this. It looks good, I’m just wondering if it should be this fitted. Also, this was just trying on the dress, not actually worn for the occasion, so hair and makeup weren’t done.


This was my first time buying clothing online and i was very hesitant.


I thought if buying any piece of clothing it should be a little bigger cuz one can always easily adjust to a smaller size.


I'm 5'5, 170 lbs, approx 36.5 waist... based on the size chart i should've taken 3XL as I was between sizes.  I was glad I ordered 2XL  as there was still enough room for a loose fit. I will be taking off a little on the waist though and a bit under the arms (very little) so it will sit nicely (I'm not very big on top). I guess an XL would've fit perfectly if I'd prefer very tight clothing.


I ordered the very dark blue, but I got black instead. Didn't really mind....once it wasn't floral or red :-) ..and the belt was missing. But its a very nice dress with good material which has just enough stretch to it.


Hope this helps.


4/5


I feel adorable in this dress, and really, what better praise is there? It’s comfortable and it has a silhouette which is close enough to “vintage” to be charming.


The material is thick and holds its shape well (even without a petticoat). It came packaged well, but it had been folded for a while: expect that you’ll be ironing this. This isn’t a criticism, necessarily, but it’s something a purchaser should be made aware of. I spent about an hour carefully ironing mine when it came in the mail. I bought it to wear at a summer wedding, and hopefully I’ll have a steamer before that event.


Why not 5/5? Two issues:


1) The neckline is strangely proportioned in relation to the waistline—for whatever reason it is too loose while the chest/waist fit snuggly.


2) The seam on one of the sides not perfectly even. Just the edge near the bottom. Since it’s floofy, it’s not readily apparent, but I was a bit taken aback by it.


This item came in the mail promptly and was well-packaged.


- - -


So the pictures have more context:


I wear between an American Medium & Large pant/skirt size (anywhere from a size 8 to a size 12).


My measurements are (roughly-B/W/H) 37”/32”/44” (which is 93.9cm/81.3cm/111.7cm).


I’m about 5’6” (167.6cm) and weight 155-165lbs (72.5kg).


 *I’m wearing a “Women Petticoat Skirt 50s Dress Tutu Half Slips - Sold by: Paul Jones Clothing” underneath the dress.


I actually bought this dress as a part of a Betty Rubble costume for Trick or Treat Night at the school where I work. It was the only blue dress I could find in time for the event. I got tons of compliments on this dress! Not on the costume, but the dress itself. It fit well and was a nice, thick fabric with a full circle skirt. It would look great with a crinoline underneath to give it a bit of volume but overall I am very pleased with this dress and surprised by how many people loved it and couldn't wait to tell me so! Also, it's quite comfortable and would look great on most body types!


I am giving this beautiful dress and the vendor Grace Karin five stars and I wish I could give more!! I bought this in a 4xL because a few of the reviews said it ran small, I received the dress and when I opened the package I could not believe how beautiful this dress was! The fabric has a wonderful feel and weight to it, the colors of the flowers are very vibrant. the seams are perfectly matched, there are no loose threads on the inside or outside of the dress. Craftsmanship such as this is unheard of at this price point! I did have to return the dress and re-ordered two sizes down and I will update this post with pictures when the dress arrives. If you are looking for a really nice dress for a special or formal occasion Grace Karin is the vendor to go with!


This is a beautiful dress,  I am 5 ft tall and weight 136 pounds.  I bought the black and white also, but it fit "somewhat small", both are a Medium.  The only thing is I ordered this one "Blue/Black/White Floral Print" and the Black/White Floral print, but was only sent "One Belt".


The color is vibrant and with a the Petticoat I bought to go underneath. . .well . . It is quite beautiful indeed.


I will send the "Black/White Floral Print back. . .but I definitely will keep this one.!


I Ordered this for my 14-year-old daughter to wear to an etiquette class and it fits perfectly (we used the sizing measurements generously).  She absolutely loves it. It has a very full skirt that twirls when she spins. We added the matching crinoline and it is a precious outfit. She can wear it to church, dances, parties or for a photo session. I'm very pleased with the quality for the price. My other daughter saw the dress and ordered one for herself!  My only negative comments are that 1) it is dry-clean only (ugh) and 2) every fabric choice comes with a black belt ( which doesn't always match the fabric)...although you can easily add a different belt or a ribbon. I gave the dress five stars because, despite the 2 negatives, my hormonal teenage daughter is over-the-moon happy with it and that's the ultimate 5-star review.


Lovely. Satin finish to material. The bright, bold print makes a statement. It comes with a thin belt which looks fine, but I may switch it for a black satin belt. I originally ordered a size S, but returned it for a Med. the small was just a bit too tight in the chest. There is no give in this dress. The return/exchange was hassle-free. It falls at knee level with petticoat. Ladies, you can read all the reviews about size. The proper fit is a matter of opinion, comfort and you! I'm 5'4", 123lbs, 36B/C. Not many curves. The small fit, but not comfortably. I don't mind Skimmies beneath but no tight shape wear. I like to look feminine and this dress pulled it off. This completes my Swing Style Petticoat wardrobe. I am now purchasing Vintage FishTail style dresses of the 1940's from Homeyee. No petticoat needed. A whole new look, and good grief! Different sizing. Will review them as the dresses arrive.


