Love, love, love this dress. I bought this for me and my 14-year old daughter in several patterns/colors.  Quality is very nice and we love the style.  it is so classic and fun.  We will definitely buy more.  Well made.


I LOVED this dress!! It fits like a glove and is super comfortable to wear. The one thing I would say about it is I would've preferred a little more in length, but other than that it fits as expected, well made, amazing material, and got here super fast. I HIGHLY recommend you buy this, if you're looking at it


I purchased this dress (In plain black) to wear to a wedding and I'm SO glad that I did! I wore it with a colored petticoat underneath so the skirt flared out a bit.. without a petticoat it would just hang, which can look nice as well. I got so many compliments on the dress, it was flattering and comfortable. I'll likely buy several more in different patterns!! A++++ this is a beautiful dress.


I wore this to work and received a ton of compliments on it.  Very professional looking and it doesn't look like what everyone else is wearing.  I absolutely love this dress!!!


According to the size chart, size S is equivalent to size 4-6.  I normally wear a size 4, but this dress is just right for me.  Besides that, this dress looks great!  My husband loves it too!


Perfect fit ..my new go to  for my dress whoring.. every place i went ppl loved this dress. cant wait to buy more send coupons pls


Love this dress! Great material and perfect fit. I got lots of comments on it my first night out on the town in it! I want more!


I would highly recommend ordering a petticoat to wear under the dress (does not come with the dress). This would look fine without a petticoat too. Got tons of compliments. I will be wearing it to my second Holiday party this weekend and more than likely ordering different prints for other formal events in the upcoming year.


Order one size up from your normal size. Love the dress


I was very skeptical as I've ordered in the pass off the internet, and received  a totally different size or look of the product. I'm a plus size woman....size 14 with some belly and hips.  Bra size 40C... I ordered this dress in an 3x plus and it fits very comfortable and roomy.  I will certainly order again.


