This dress is amazing! The material is very nice and the length of it hits me just perfect. I am 5ft 3in so sometimes I need to get dresses such as these hemmed up some, but this dress hits just below the knee and looks perfect. The only negative I have about it, is that it's just a tad too big, but if I would have bought the size down it wouldn't have fit. I'm quite busty in the top and the top fits great, the waist has just a little bit of extra room, but nothing a tailor can't fix. I very much recommend this dress. It's just perfect for the office or to dress up for a night on the town. :)


it was still big just a bit on me but if your well endowed person its good. Zipper kinda small but I can,reach it. Just as described


The dress is perfect and my grand daughter was thrilled. We finally found a style which looks good on her and makes this 13 year old feel like a young lady. The dress itself is made very nicely and the quality is as described. The belt, on the other hand, is a sad excuse and we replaced it with a stretch style 1.6" wide belt. One note: my grand daughter is a bit long in the torso and the waist line does sit about an inch too high. The wider belt also fixed that problem as well as looking much nicer with the dress.


This is a pretty dress, but runs a size small.  It does have some stretch (fortunately), so my daughter was able to wear a medium (she's normally an 8).  But, it is very tight.


This is one of the most beautiful dresses that my wife owns.  Its so lovely that she cried when she put it on.  Fits fantastically. Excellent dress and definitely she will buy more from this seller.


This is a really beautiful dress.  I got a lot of compliments.  To get fullness in skirt wear with a petticoat.  I loved this dress.  the belt was a little to small, but I just put extra holes in it so it would fit better.


This dress is so adorable. Always gets massive compliments when I wear it. My mother wanted to take it from me when she saw it and she is super picky. So I know I got a winner out of this!


Absolutely love it. I was hesitant on the sizing as I normally wear a small in most clothes but I followed the sizing chart and ordered a medium. I'm 5'6 and 115 lbs with a 34C or sometimes 32D and it fits perfectly. This dress is beautiful! Only thing I can say negatively is I wish the care instructions were included on a tag or an insert with the dress. I don't want to have to come back to Amazon if I forget how I'm suppose to wash it lol.


This is a very cute dress, nice flow and great material definitely a must buy. I ordered two one in XXXL and 2XL..I am 5'10, 230lbs. The 3XL fit me like plus 1X, it was too big and the 2XL fit just fine with a little room. I believe a XL would fit as well but I didn't want the dress to go above my knees. Hope this help because I had to order three different dresses to find the right size, but it was all worth it!


Read the reviews and order up a size.  I purchased an XXL and I wear a size 14 and am 5'4".  The photos don't do this pattern justice, it is beautiful.


