I love love love love love it! Fits perfectly! I got a med and im about 5'2. I o have some curves though keep that in mind while you buy your outfit. I will be buying almost each one of these dresses. I already bought 3 different ones.


So, so happy with this dress!  I am 5'5", 220 lbs, bust is 42" and waist is 38".  I got the 1plus, and it is a perfect fit.  I was so pleasantly surprised because I have such a hard time finding cute and faltering (I hope)dresses.  I paired it with a black Tidetell xl Vintage Rockabilly Tutu Skirt 26" length petticoat.  The xl fits perfectly, and looks great under the dress.  I will definitely purchase more from Grace Karin.  Nice material and it appears to be well made. A review I read said to be sure it is coming from GK Queen.  I have included some pics so you can judge size for yourself.  This is right out of the box.


I don't use the belt that came with it, but the dress is nice. Sizing matched the chart, it's held up well with my inability to follow care directions on the tag. I wash it in cold, dry on low, and never iron. No complaints and I wear it about once a week to every other week. With a petticoat/crinoline it's super poofy and feminine feeling. Without, a belt is needed to accentuate the waist. I also have the white polka dots on black version.


Love it! Fun and flirty dress I gr for my cousins bridal shower. It was a little big on my waist but I got a bigger belt to help fix that. I'm 5'5 and 136 lbs and got a medium. Otherwise perfect!


Believe the vendor provided sizing and take your measurements to determine your size! I spent a lot of time carefully reading the reviews and looking for people with the same body type, height, weight, and measurements as me (5'2", 170, 42-34-44), and most seemed happy with an XL.  I was skeptical, because I am usually no bigger than a Large in most brands.  I was worried if I went up too many sizes it would be too broad across the back and shoulders, but the XL fits perfectly.


The material is thick, and has a little stretch, but don't expect a lot of give - it's just enough for comfortable movement.  Like other reviewers, I also find the dress to be a little high-waisted, especially if you are busty and/or long waisted (I am both), which is the only reason I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5. I ordered three colors, all in the same size, and one was significantly smaller than the others so I am returning for an exchange of the same size to see if the next one is more in line with the others. That one actually appeared to be a previous return because it was poorly folded in the bag, where the others were obviously never opened, and the belt was missing (which would have been fine because the belt is nothing special).  I personally find the skirt full enough without the crinoline, but it would be super cute with one. If it holds up well for laundering I will be ordering more colors - I love this dress!


It cinches in the waist which makes me want to flatten my stomach more but otherwise I love the dress. From seeing it in others and knowing the material I knew it wouldn't stretch much. I ordered a medium which fit ok but it was a little tight. I usually get in medium/large depending on the brand. I am very happy with my purchase. Will be buying more in the future.


I'm 1.75m (69") tall with a 71cm (28") waist and the small fit me just right. The arm holes are a bit tight, but it works for me. The dress material is not cheap feeling, but the belt is a little flimsy and long (I just cut it to size). Overall, though, I really love this dress! I highly recommend also getting a petticoat.


I absolutely love my dress! So much so, I just ordered another one. I am normally a 3x but decided to buy a 4x. It was a little big but I made it work. The second one, i decided to get my normal size so I hope it fits. The quality is great and if you put a petticoat underneath it, it makes it flare out which looks so nice. I got loads of compliments when I wore mine.


This dress is a beautiful party dress. nice fabric ad true to size..made for someone with a small waist. Bought for my Daughter age 40, had shipped to me in Florida and when she arrived from Maine for a visit it fit her perfectly. and very classic style for an special evening out. She loved it so much I sent her another color.


Well made and absolutely beautiful. Dresses like this cost so much at other retailers that I thought this item would not be able to compare. However I will tell all of you, do not let the lower price make you think this dress will be cheap or flimsy. This dress fit me like a glove and was very flattering. I got a petticoat to wear underneath to fill out the dress more but it can also be worn without one for a different look. The sizing chart was very accurate. I'm 5'3, 129pds, 34D, and the small was perfect. The flower pattern was even prettier in person. I am satisfied with this purchase.


