I looooove this dress! It for very big. I'm 5'10" and 175 lbs and according to my measurements I should have ordered a XXXL. I'm generally a size 10-12 but I had to take it in about 2 inches on each side. I probably could have gone for a L or XL. The fabric felt really nice and wasn't transparent. (Although a dark bra was a little visable through the white fabric) the dress also looked 10x better with a petticoat.


I loved this dress! Perfect length for me (I'm 5,11"), paired it with a petticoat and a thicker black belt. Only downside is it is for me a little loose in the chest area but nothing major. I'm definitely thinking of getting this dress in more colors and styles!


I bought the medium Audrey Hepburn Style Retro Swing Dress and it fit great. Glad I did not order small! It's a tad loose on waist, but I'm in my 60's so don't have as small a waist like when younger. Belt shows off waist anyway.  I am 5'2", with dress falling below the knee, my weight varies between 112 to 117, wear 32C or 32D unpadded bra size, and am athletic built. Despite normally wearing smalls I would say this is more European sized and one should order one size up. A small would be very tight for me through the chest and the armpit area.  I also bought one of the black bolero sweaters in medium and that fits nicely without being too tight and falls more past the waist than above the waist.


A very pretty, classy dress.  I love the flow it has on the bottom!  I am 160 lbs with a 31 inch natural waist and 37 inch bust, so I ordered the large and it fit very nicely-- form fitting but with enough room to breathe.  It was a little longer than I had expected when I measured in out on my body based on the chart they provided, so I will probably take it up a few inches (it falls maybe an inch below my knees and I'm 5'5").  Not something I can really see myself wearing on an average day around campus, but I think it'll be great for Easter and summer days at the office.


I would give it five stars, except there were two small problems. First, there is some extra material around the neckline, so it doesn't sit quite right on the shoulders. Second, the belt did not come with the little extra lopp to keep the tail in, so I have to put it off-center and stick it through the belt loop on the side. Not a big deal, but it would have been nice to have. Overall, though, for the price, it was a great buy.


Beautiful in every way. I'm about 5'4", sporty build, small chest, so I have a hard time fitting dresses. I tried this on as soon as delivered. It fits perfect. Dress hits at my knees. The shoulders fit perfect. The fitted bodice is just right so I can move without restriction. Super comfortable. So soft. Very well made and great material. Can't wait to wear for Christmas.


After reading all of the reviews I wanted this to be the new dress that just lined my closet with. But the XL was just a big potato sack.


My details: I'm 5'7", 170lbs, 36C. My waist is 30- 31" and my hips are 44". Since this dress is fitted in the waist I got the XL out of fear that I couldn't fit the large. It was loose from the shoulders, bust, and waist.


The length fell nicely right below my knees.


This dress is really cute. I like the fabric, although it arrived pretty wrinkled and I'm a little nervous to wash it that the fabric will fade. The waist fits a little high, but nothing that is worth sending it back over. Overall, I'm very pleased. I needed to change up my church attire for not a lot of money, and this fit the bill.


I'm in love with this dress!!!! Fit PERFECTLY!


I'm 5'4", 120 lbs, I ordered the small.


I wore it with a red tutu underskirt, so that the red would peek-a-boo when I walked or danced. I felt like a kid! It was so beyond fun. I didn't want to take it off.


I got loads of compliments on it as well.


I wore this for my 35th birthday.


I bought this for my wife off of her wishlist.  She loves it but it is a little tight to zip up. The zipper isn't very good and sticks.  And about mid to upper back it is very snug.  My wife isn't large chested, so I imagine those with larger bust sizes may have trouble fitting into a dress at their dress size.  The dress is pretty and my wife loves it.


