This dress fits perfect. Am 5'6 180pds and I got a xl. I love it will recommend and will purchase more.


The dress is gorgeous, the fabric quality, the style is amazing. Even though I ordered the XS, it is a bit big for me around the chest and the waist area but I had expected that (I'm small around those areas). The size chart is pretty accurate though. The length is very decent. I'm 5'5" and it comes right below my knees. I bought a black petticoat to wear underneath the dress to give that oomph factor. It works well. I would however wear my own belt with the dress just cause it would look more fit on my body. Overall I'm very happy with the purchase. This was my first time ever buying a dress online and I couldn't be happier.


This has become my go to dress for formal events. It's so easy to dress it up or down with a belt and matching shoes. The dress is made very well. I've washed through the washer and dryer a couple times with really no fade. Smashed it into a suitcase and still came out not to wrinkled. Would defiantly order from this retailer again.


I was attending a 50's work party and could not find anything I liked. In the middle of winter it is a little harder to find costumes. I was so excited to see this dress and even more excited when it fit perfectly!


I've only worn this dress two or three times so far, but every time I put it on and go out I get so many compliments about it. It runs true to size though it's a little bit shorter than it looks in the picture it still sits at a very nice length, absolutely no regrets about this purchase.


I was afraid it wouldn't fit, I ordered a 4x at 5'4" 250lbs it's perfect. Great fabric, haven't washed it yet though. Will Most likely order more


Really cute Rockabilly style dress. Busty gals should probably go up a size because this one is definitely snug in the top.


I love this dress! It made me feel like a queen. I sort of wish I would have purchased a size smaller but the size I purchase fit comfortably and looked great! I do like that if I gain weight the dress will still fit me. I really enjoyed myself with this dress!


This dress is great quality! The fabric is nice and heavy, and the skirt is full. It is beautiful and looks exactly like the picture. My only issue was that it was somewhat large- I am 5'3 and weigh around 110-115 lbs, and I ordered the small based on the measurements. If you are looking for a flattering fit in the bodice, I would suggest ordering on the smaller side. However, it was easy for me to take it in on the bust/waist area, and it fits perfectly now!


Maybe others will like the material but it wasn't to my liking -- had a sheen to it that made it kind of cheap looking in my opinion. But the fit was worse -- too large in the waist and shoulders. If it had been a really nice fit I might have kept it. But I had to return it.


