Love love loved this dress. The material was very nice and the fit was perfect. I ordered an XS (I usually wear a 3 in pants and small in Junior tops// 5'3 115lbs) My first dress was missing the belt but I reordered it and sent the first one back (love PRIME)


Beautiful blue rockabilly dress looks and feels wonderful to wear!!!  Love the Audrey Hepburn look and this will probably be what I wear to my reunion!!!!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE


I liked the fit of this dress. Both of the Karen Grace dresses were a good fit and a great length in a large for me.  They were a little loose, but that was good for me too.  Very comfortable fit.  The belts were too big though.


Adorable dress! I am 5'7 and typically wear between a 8 and 10 in dresses (36e bust), and the large fits BEAUTIFULLY. I love it, especially with my crinoline skirt. Perfect for my vintage themed bridal shower this summer!


The dress is beautiful. The material feels really nice, but does wrinkle easily. The sizing was perfect.My only issue is that I am larger on the bottom and the dress didn't lay right with the pleats. It looked fine from the front but when I turned to the side it looked really weird. It just didn't work for my body type.


this dress is adorable! I felt so pretty in it. wore it to a broadway show and it was comfortable as ever by the end of the night.


Love this dress! Flattered my figure. Nice and comfortable. I received many compliments!!  I would recommend this dress to anyone!!


I LOVE THESE DRESSES. I've bought two of these dresses already. They fit wonderfully; I used the measurement guide and then rounded up. Great flow to the skirts. I will say, the two I bought are very different textures from each other... I got the white one with black flowers which is more of a cotton texture, and the black with large multi colored flowers is more silky. Both wonderful though.


Love this one, too!  Bought two for a sock hop.  Will keep both as they both look lovely.  This one is poly, the other was cotton.  I am size 6-8, and ordered a medium, which fits just fine.


The dress is long enough for tall person, but the chest is too small , it is very tight can't zip up. I wish I ordered large size.


