Cute, simple dress.My wife wore it as a bridesmaid to a wedding, and it looked good on all of them, even though their body types differed.


I'm 5'1" and 130 lbs and ordered a small. I'm pretty hippy and I love these kind of dresses, they are really flattering. It fits GREAT and is such a cute dress! I'm a teacher, and felt I can easily move my arms up and down without it riding up/bunching and it's very comfortable. The length falls just below my knee.


However, it didn't arrive with the belt...so I'm returning and buying another one.


I bought this to wear for Easter.  It is an adorable dress.  The fit was perfect.  I am about 5'9" tall weighing about 140 pounds.  I ordered a medium.  I would recommend for sure!  The price was great as well.  It is well made and the fabric does NOT look cheap.


this fit perfectly.  I bought this in black and white floral, and paired it with a red satin sash that I made myself.  The fabric is soft but substantial.  The onlt item I may add is a petticoat. Felt confident and well put together.  Many compliments. Will purchase more


Love it! Good quality fabric!


Super great dress! Fits wonderfully. I get compliments on it all the time. Warning: if you have a pet, hair sticks to it like crazy. Nothing a good lint roller can't fix, but still a hassle when I'm in a hurry in the mornings.


I ordered 2x (22-24) which is what I normally wear and it was to small in the bust and waist.  Was very disappointed because I love the dress.


Fitted perfectly. Looks great. Wore it on a recent cruise. I used another skirt under it to fill it out a little better.


This is a cute spring / Easter dress for anyone to wear.  I would recommend purchasing it now in time for the Spring.  Reasonable price too!!


Beautifully fitting dress.  Based upon the measurements chart, I ordered a size 8 and it should have ordered a size 6.  Used a larger belt to cover for the waist sized larger, and received many compliments.  The dress arrived just in time for a special event the next day. The dress says dry clean, but I was able to hand wash in woolite and used a warm iron and it looks great.


