Beautiful dress. Overall a great quality and lovely for the spring and summer. I will say the only negative is that many said it came with a belt but I didn't get one. I also got the blue plaid recently and I love this fabric even more bc it's a bit more stretchy and wrinkles less.  I bought a medium size -- I am 5'7" and 140 and I usually wear a size 6 in A-line or fit and flare dresses (open hip) and a size 34B cup. The top has a little breathing room which is nice and the waist fits perfectly. This brand is lovely and I will definitely buy more!


I went by the size chart and my measurements fell between sizes. So I ordered the smaller of the two because the dress has spandex in it. It fits great. And looks so good on. The only problem is the picture looks like the dress is a darker blue when in reality it is a royal blue.


I'm 5'4 and 140lbs and i got a large and it fit me like a glove and it came within 2 days. I love it


It is really cute, but the fabric does not feel great and the belt that comes with is way too large. On my first wear the fabric is a bit scratchy, but was not unbearable. After washing it about four times with fabric softener, it felt much better, but still not cottony or soft. If you have sensitive skin or are prone to rashes, like me, don't wear it without washing it once or twice first. It fits really well and is very flattering. All in all, I am really happy with this dress, despite the initial fabric troubles.


First time buying clothes online and was pleasantly surprised. The dress arrived with extensive wrinkles from shipment but after a session with mysteamer, it got better. I wore it to a tea and paired with a scarf; several friends complimented me in it. The only thing I would change would be the fit of the bust area, as it was cut a little unusual and took a few tries to find a bra to make it work. Overall a nice dress and I'll probably buy another to grow my wardrobe


I followed the measurement guide provided and followed the advice that the bust measurement was the more important measurement.  I probably could have gotten away with getting the medium even though my chest is just a little bigger than the medium's measurement.  The dress I got ended up being a little big for me but not unacceptably big.  The dress is comfortable and very cute with a petticoat.  The belt was very long so I did end up cutting it - I might use a different belt just because I've never really liked the thin belt look.  The only thing about this dress is that it wrinkles so easily.  I ironed it before wearing it and after one day of wearing it the dress was wrinkled in the back.  Certainly not a dealbreaker and that's something I think I could at least minimize with a little effort.


Love the dress, got lots of compliments.  The dress has a some stretch to it, not much, but enough for it to fit your curves.  I bought two, one I wore to a fashion show and the other to a wedding, I got lots of compliments I wore it to a fashion show and got lots of compliments. The dress looks nice with or without a petticoat, but I think its the petticoat that really makes the dress.  I would definitely recommend to others.


I was worried whether this would fit or not and it DID! I am so happy with it.


I am 5'5 220 pounds with 38C/42B bust and I bought a 1X, fits perfectly.


I ordered a medium in a black version of this dress and it fit just fine. But for some reason this dress is a tad small. Not too bad. Beautiful print and is perfect for musical auditions I have coming up. I bought the white petticoat to go under but it isn’t as full as I would like. I also had a pink dress belt lying around which I replaced for the black. Overall, worth the buy.


I love this dress!! Very flattering. I wore it to a Christmas party (the red dress with the small black polka dots) with a black petticoat underneath. I got lots of compliments. It didn't get a full 5 stars from me because the belt doesn't have a keeper to secure the end, the zipper was a little sticky at the waist seam and it wrinkles easily. But still a great buy!


