Adorable! This is a very retro dress and fits nicely. I'm big busted and I have plenty of room. The bottom skirting is very wide, fun and covers a tummy. I'm delighted with this. I wear a size 18 and the 2X is plenty big. I may have been able to fit a 1X but I'm very happy with the little extra room so I can have cake at the wedding! Ha!


This dress is very cute and quite flattering on my figure .  I usually wear a size 16, so I followed other reviewers' advice and ordered a size larger than I would normally.  I have a modest breast  (38B) and wide hips; I'm a pear shape not an hourglass.  So if you are heavy on top this dress may not be for you.  The fabric is of good quality and the price is awesome.  My one complaint and reason for four stars is the bodice is a bit off and very modest.  I think I will be ordering a similar styled dress with the haltertop to have a sexier look, but I will still keep this dress because it is flattering and cute.


These dresses are THE most flattering style on any size.  The dress size chart (not the Amazon size chart) is very accurate.


The colors are so so very vivid, the photo doesnt do it justice.


Big breasted women, size up and belt that sheeiot.


Perfect with chucks, heels, or sandals!  Look at other purchasers photos for an idea of how they fit based on your  body type.


Ok, first and formost- this is a really well made dress, and very stunning. I had strangers yesterday asking where i bought this dress. I did buy puffy slip to wear under it so it does look more authentic. What i wasnt thrilled about was the length- it came to right above my knees and i was really hoping that like traditional tea style dresses it would have gone slightly passed my knees. Also the waist area was a little roomy, but nothing a belt couldn't handle. I still give it 5 stars though. Im very happy with it and considering buying others in different colors


Wow!! I just opened my package this evening, immediately tried it on (as I've been ANXIOUSLY awaiting this dress) and am already writing my review!!!!! I'm so excited since it fits like a glove! The dress is very high quality, the material is thick and the hidden zipper stitched perfectly. I guess I was expecting cheaper thinner material, but the dress has a very good weight to it and falls just perfectly. I expected to wear a thin petticoat to make it fluff a bit, but as I mentioned it just stands very well on its own. I am 5'3", 34b, 130 lbs purchased a small. The only thing that would make this dress even more perfect.......POCKETS!!!!!!!! Guess you can't have it all. Anywho, can't wait to wear this gorgeous dress to a wedding in a couple of weeks!


Usually sizing is hit or miss but this was way off. By about 2 sizes. For someone who is large as I am, I anticipate it usually being too small. This was HUGE on me. It also has a really bad cut to the torso and the neckline just was way off. Sad cause it was a nice pattern. It did have a lot of brown in it but it had potential. Sadly it was shipped back the next day.


This dress is both simply and beautifully made. The material is a nice tightly woven cotton and falls in pleats (as pictured) when worn. The belt is lesser quality but can be either easily replaced or not worn. The only slight issue I had is with the arm holes being just a tad tight but this can be to weight gain on my part and not from wrong measurements. The color of the fabric is very vibrant, I cant stop looking down when I wear it!


I love the sihouette of this dress as it is figure flattering for so many body types.  Mine included.  I'm 5'7 size 20 and the 2X  fits great. The fabric is a good weight and the little bit of stretch ensuress the dresses comfort when moving/dancing.  This print is so pretty (Floral 21) and feminine.  I just wish they'd make the skirt length 25" rather than 23".  It would be a better length for more people and would be more in line with the length of the tulle slips people like to sometimes wear with this style.  Please lengthen the skirt.


Very pleased with the quality of this dress.  As both the sexy husband and I were really getting dressed up for a Christmas Party, we took full advantage of the situation and had my awesome photographer take some downtown street lit photos for us.  I paired the dress with a purple petticoat (HIGHLY recommend a petticoat to give this dress the extra oomph), a thicker belt and some other outfit details.  LOVED the finished result and would highly recommend this dress to others.


The only downfall of this dress is I'm short and round, so the "waist" seam hit in a strange spot (too low) for me (couple inches below bust).  I had a seamstress alter my dress slightly to bring the seam right under my bust.


I really love this dress. It's true to the seller's sizing chart. I really appreciate that the seller included measurements as well as size - this takes the stress out of finding a good fit. The dress fabric is a crisp, cool cotton which looks exactly as pictured. I bought this dress for my son's wedding; it is going to be a 1950s-themed wedding, and I found this dress when I was looking for a 1950s vintage dress. I was born in 1950, and the dress is truly vintage. HOWEVER - the form of this dress is pretty classic, so I plan to wear it to work too (after my son's wedding). This dress will always be in style, no matter what decade. As for the seller, GK Queen,  I had to contact  customer service, and I was very impressed with the way I was treated. The belt had fallen out when I opened the package, and I thought the seller had failed to send it (I later found the belt on my floor). Maggie (at customer service) was extraordinarily kind and helpful. I can say only good things about my experience with GK Queen, and I plan to use them again


