this is perhaps my favorite dress my daughter has ever worn.  it makes her look like a classy 60s girl.  it fits her tall lean frame perfectly.  i am serious when i say this is one of best items of clothing she's ever had.  the white with black flowers pattern is to die for.  i wish they made this in my size!  we've washed it several times and it still looks like new, no quality issues.  i think i may buy it in the next size up!


Beautiful - fits tru to size - nice little flare to skirt - very 1950's-ish!  Nice bright blue/turquoise colors on the white.  We did remove the black belt that comes with it (looks kind of weird) and just went without a belt - felt that looked better.  Tried a white belt with it and that looked OK.


Very pretty, LBD with a nice vintage look. Dress quality is especially good for the price. Dress can be worn with a petticoat underneath if you really want to play up the vintage look. I had some sizing issues, but not the seller's fault, I have hard to fit measurements. I am large breasted and small waisted so I often have to replace dresses for different sizes.


GREAT dress! The style and fabric are as expected, and it fits according to the manufacturer's chart (NOT the standard Amazon chart - always order at least one size up from your regular size).  I'm 5'6, 135 lb, 36C, and the large is just a smidge big; it'll shrink in the first wash to fitting perfectly.


This is my fourth dress of this style bought from various Amazon sellers, in color "Floral-27" (black with medium-sized blue roses and grey leaves).  This particular dress comes with a soft black belt, but no belt loops. The remove-before-wearing tag is, for some reason, sewn into a side seam. There is (as usual) no washing instructions tag.  Fabric is thick with a little stretch; no bleed-through (so far!) of the pattern onto my skin.  I've just gotten in to work this morning, wearing it the first time, and I already have a compliment.


The weight of the fabric is nice.  The dress fit my daughter well.  I did order up a size as per the measurements given by the seller.  The belt is kind of cheap but I don't know she will wear it anyway.  I have not washed it yet so I cannot comment as to how well it washes.  I will post an update if washing it alters my opinion of the dress at all.  I already ordered a second one for my other daughter.


Love this dress! Get many compliments and it's fun to wear. I've worn it with and without the short petticoat, but really like the look best with the petticoat. I did need to take in the shoulder Sean's just a little. The belt is flimsy, as you might expect, but is the right width for the dress style. A number of my friends have now ordered similar dresses and love them.


I ordered the red one and it is brighter than it looks in the pictures. Which was disappointing to me. The top part(neck) doesn't fit Me well. It's too long for my neck. It came really wrinkled as well. And for The price of it it feels cheap. it's too bad because I was really looking forward to this dress.  I'm 5'2 130lbs and ordered a small btw.


Love love love love love this dress. Did I mention I love this dress?


I was afraid it was going to be cheap material or have an awkward fit, but was delighted to find a think material and perfect fit. Tons of compliments and just feel beautiful in this dress!


I am obsessed with this dress and will be ordering it in many more colors/patterns. I was nervous about getting it because I have a larger chest (32FF bra) and broader shoulders. I was concerned about this giving me a uni-boob or just not fitting right. My waist is 32" and my hips are 42", I got a large. This dress is extremely flattering, has some stretch, it fits like a glove, the fabric is lightweight, and it's perfect for any occasion.


I love this dress.  It is very well made.  The colors are just as crisp as the picture shows.  I wore it to a wedding and received many compliments! I am 5'3", it fell just below my knees. Measurements are: 36A bust, 29 inch waist and 37 inch hips.


