I really love my new dress! I want more!!


My size is XS. In the size chart, my result was for a Small, but after see many photos from other costumers (trying to find someone like me), a found a girl who said her choose was XS. So, I preferred to take that size and was the best thing a could have to do. I also did buy here in my country a thin silver belt to combine with my shoes.


I purchased this dress for my grandmothers 50s themed and 80th birthday this Saturday! I ordered this and a small and a medium just to be sure I got the right size, and found that the medium was a little bit to roomy and the small was slightly snug around my shoulders, but I am broad shouldered (if that helps any). I think it is absolutely adorable! I've only taken one photo wearing this dress while I was trying it on, but have already recieved so many positive comments! I cannot wait to wear it on Saturday and see what my grandmother thinks! I'm an old soul as it is, so searching for the style I wanted to go with for this party was so much fun and actually kind of overwhelming, because there are so many great choices! I'm grateful I went with this choice! :)  I do recommend purchasing the underskirt that goes along with this to help push out the skirt (forgot the name). I would just recommend ordering two sizes so that you can determine which fit is best for you.


Thank you for this dress!


I am shocked! I bought this floral dress on a whim expecting it to be ill-fitting, but hoping I could alter it. I was so surprised to receive a well-constructed, 100% cotton dress that fits exactly as advertised. The material is the same quality as the cotton I buy at my local fabric store. The  fabric edges have been serged, which will lead to less fraying. There are minor issues with the hem being wavy and the interfacing on the neck facing, but these are minor and not noticeable unless you're looking closely. I will need to lay down a topstich around the neck, but again this is minor and really just a personal preference.


All in all, I am very impressed. It's difficult to find a 100% cotton dress for plus-sizes to begin with, but this was less expensive than I can find in the stores. I will buy another in navy and in the lemon!


My in-store sizes are 46D, 22/24 shirt, and 24/26 pants. I ordered the 3X and it fit very well.


It's a little tight on top but I think if I had gotten a medium it would've been too big. Other than that, it's so so adorable and I love it! I can't wait until I can wear it out. Now I need new shoes!!


This dress was perfect for a summer wedding! I got a different belt to wear with it, but otherwise it was fantastic. I utilized the sizing chart, and the dress was a great fit. It was a little tight in the chest but I was expecting that because I'm a bustier girl, bc I didn't want to go a size up since I wanted it to be fitted at the waist. I would mention you might want to wear lollies or something with this dress if you are going to be dancing, or outside. Part of why the stress hangs so well  is the flowy fabric, but it does lead to quite a expanded twirl or a Marylin Monroe "subway moment"  if you aren't careful ;-)


So half of the reviews say if you're busty, you should size up... yeahhhhh no. I might've just sized up TOO much, so there's a damn good chance it's user error! For reference, my bust is about 49" (about a 38G, though this bra is stretched out), so I was scared. In addition to Boobs of Doom, I also have linebacker shoulders. Even if I get a dress that fits in the bust, it probably won't fit in the shoulders.


In this case, I'd ordered a 4X. It's confusing because now the listing is two separate listings with one going up to XXL (or XXXL) and then a 1X, 2X, 3X, 4X listing. So again, I might've gotten confused.


The dress WAS gorgeous, I just could've fit two of me in there, then I was super hesitant on going down to the 3X or going to a 2X. I'm indecisive. I'll probably reorder it again in the future when I'm able to make a decision. It wasn't a MUST HAVE IT RIGHT NOW dress, so that's okay.


The packaging was cute, the dress was folded neatly, and it arrived promptly. I'd totally recommend this dress and this company-- just double check your sizes and probably *don't* size up. If it's a MUST HAVE NOW situation, order two sizes and send one back. Hooray prime!


I love the fabric and the length is perfect. I usually get XL but I got XXL and it fits perfect.


I CANNOT explain how much I love this dress. I am 5'10", 220 lbs, with a boxy frame. I bought a 2X because that's what the sizing chart said would fit my waist. The chest/waist area is PERFECT for me. I have hardly ever found anything to fit my square frame. I tried it on without a petticoat and the dress still looks really good. The material is not the silky cheap looking material that other 50s dresses are made from. If I had many places to go where I could wear these dresses, I'd buy more. They truly are beautiful!


This dress is well-made, though I feel the colors are a bit brighter than they appear on my computer, not a soft pink and purple, but definitely gorgeous. The fabric is nice and thick and the cut is beautiful and flattering.  I'm 5' 2", about 155lbs, and a 38D-DD.  I purchased a large, and I LOVE it!  It's so gorgeous.  This does not come with any sort of crinoline underneath, so be sure to get one separately so it poofs like you see in the photos.  It hits maybe a hair just below my knees.  It does come with a belt, but I'll probably pair it with a different, thicker belt.


Good: color as shown


Bad: flimsy fabric, much smaller than expected. Managed to both make me appear very bootilicious and 9 months w child.


