The tea party dress was perfect for the mother daughter tea and looked lovely on my daughter in the fashion runway!


Super flattering cut for curvy figures.  My measurements are 36 1/2'', 34'', 44'' and I selected the dress size that went with my bust.  Perfect fit.  I was worried about my waist line being too tight, but it isn't at all and has an inch or two to spare before being considered confining.  Don't be surprised at the quality of the belt - it's a bit on the cheap side, but for the price of this dress it's a minor detail.  I went and bought a nice wide ribbon to tie around my waist anyway and add a pop of color.  If you want to use the belt, it will likely have too much left over which will require you to wrap it underneath the belt, or you can cut off a lot of the excess and add a loop of some kind to keep the excess tucked nicely.  Overall though, I am very excited to take this party dress out for a fun evening and a few weddings this summer.  Do yourself a favor and get a petticoat to go underneath for a bit of extra fun flair - you won't regret it.


This dress arrived on time; which was especially great, since I had to re-order due to error. I got this dress for a special occasion, and it fit so nicely. I originally ordered a Medium, but quickly noticed it wasn't going to work, so quickly ordered a large (for a 5'3" about 150lb frame). The large fit PERFECTLY, not loose but not snug...perfectly!! Ended up pairing it with a classic turquoise round neck cardigan and equally turquoise pump sandals. Countless compliments. You can't ever go wrong with "classic" styles...I mean, they're called "CLASSIC," for a reason!


The fabric for this dress is of a medium to slightly heavier weight (and for good reason), shows quality and allows it to flow nicely!! I can't say enough nice things about this dress and seller! I am actively looking for my next dress/skirt from this maker/seller!


Cute dress! I am tall (5'8), busty, and wear a size 12/14 and the Large was perfect. I was however dissappointed that the belt was not included with my dress so I did not wear it with one. I wore this for a scholarship event and received a lot of compliments.


I got the black with roses. The roses look red in the picture but they are a hot pink. It's a beautiful dress just wish the flowers were red. Dress is true size. I love that you can dress it up or down. Definitely wear a petticoat, and matching color belt to give it more pop. It's a timeless, simple but classy dress very 50's. I love that it really is a full round A line.


I bought 4 of these dresses with some Birthday money. They are so cute!!!!!  It's hard to find a modest summer dress but these are perfect!  Dresses are of good quality and can be worn with or without a crinoline underneath. They're cotton with just enough spandex that you can breathe easily, but they don't stretch out too far. I wash mine in cold water and tumble dry on low and they've all come out well. If you hang it up immediately you don't have to iron either.  I get so many compliments every time I wear these dresses -men, women, children, EVERYONE loves these dresses!!!!!


This was one of the best dresses I have owned since my wedding dress.  When I seen it online I fell in love, and I ordered it for a weeding I was going to out of state that weekend, well when I got it in the mail and went to try it on, I was calling in all my wish cards that it was going to fit because I had no back up plan.  And to my over whelming enjoyment it fit like it was tailored for me, and then I put on the petticoat on (which I highly recommend to wear with this dress) I felt like I was transported back to the 1950's, I got so many compliments and felt so beautiful in it, and I had a childhood wish fulfilled while wearing it, at the wedding when my husband and I were dancing he spun me out, and pulled me back in, and my dress flared out and twilred, everyone was wowed by it, and I loved it.  I actually was lucky I had original accessories from my mom from the 50's, jewlery and purse and it topped off the outfit.  I am definatley going to buy more.


It's a gorgeous dress. It needs to be a tad longer. I'm 5'3 and it hits above the knee. For the style of the dress it really needs to be just below the knee. Literally that's my only complaint about the dress. After I attend the wedding and feel comfortable in risking hand washing I will update in reference to any fading should it happen.


One hint: wear a vintage style bra, the grandma kind u find in boxes at Walmart. Like Playtex cross your heart. Pretty sure the bodice is fashioned from an old pattern so the.darts don't sit right with a modern bra. Especially a formed cup kind. You likely won't fill it out right.


I ordered size small in F-21.


I loved this dress and tried it on as soon as I got it for Christmas in front of my grandparents and everything. Knowing it was a swing dress I spun as soon as I had it on. When I spun, everyone could see my underwear. Thankfully I only had family over so it only made me more excited. This dress is so fun to spin in, just make sure you wear spandex or something under it. There is a full skirt and this is very much a swing dress. I also wore this dress dancing and every time someone twirled me I had to make sure my arm was down to keep from flashing everyone. Just be aware. The pattern is pretty. The fabric is great quality. It has weight to it and it's got just the right amount of stretch. The cut is flattering on a lot of different body types. I can't find any fallouts of this dress. I LOVE IT. I got another one in F-11 and it's pretty too. I have another dress from a different company but I like my GRACE KARIN dress better. The skirt just does it for me. One of the belt loops came of but it didn't matter because I put the belt at my natural waist anyways.


Get this dress! You won't regret it!


This dress is very flattering. I am 5 ft 5 in and I weigh 210 lb I have a small chest size (36a) with a large ribcage area and large rump and thighs.  I often have people ask me when I am due and my last child is born 18 years ago just to give you an idea of my body size. This evening when I wear this dress nobody asked me when I was do I had multiple people strangers included that said they love the dress and I look very nice period for the first time in a long time I felt pretty and I was comfortable.  I did wear it with the thin belt it came with and also with a small black lace shrug that I purchased from Macy's.


