I ordered black, medium, washed it normally and it's just as great as when I first wore it except that I'll have to take a lint brush to it but that's typical of black.  After the dryer I didn't have to iron it either, just pulled it out before the dryer stopped, shook it out and hung it up.  Now that's a plus.  It's a lovely dress and the little belt that comes with it is fine, in fact, it made me look to other thin belts that I have and I'm already imagining the many different looks they'll provide with a change of shoes.  I usually buy only dresses with linings but since I have a petticoat and thankfully the dress is a good sturdy material, but not stiff, I would buy this dress again and may get a few different colors.  I really love the styling and am experimenting with retro which I find seems to come without linings for the most part.  I can live with that since the quality is so nice.  But having said all this I found that a polka dot dress from the same company just didn't fit me above the waist, too large and gaping, so it may be hit or miss with them.  I'm 5'5, 135 lbs and 36-30-36.


This dress is great!  The fit isn't perfect but I can alter it where needed.  The fabric is nice for the price and the dress is not lined.  It looks fine without a petticoat.  I think adding a petticoat would make it nicer but then it would feel a little more distinctive than I want for casual daily wear like for work.  This dress is very flattering and I wish more fabrics were in my size!


I have a large bust and this fit perfect across my bustline.  The only fit issue is the bodice above the bustline.  It is a little bit loose and pops forward slightly across the neckline.  I'm not quite sure how to do the alterations yet, but better too big than too small.  I could wear this without too many people noticing the fit issues but the dress is nice enough that I think it's worth the effort of making it fit better.


This dress is a bit silky. It's not plain cotton. It is *really* beautiful! I love this dress! I love the pattern and the sewing. The length is perfect, and it was easy to wash (several times now.) There have been no loose strings. I got several dresses on Prime day, and each one was perfect! I measured myself and was sad to see I was about a large. Except in the bust area-then I'm not even close...too small. I had read that many large-busted ladies fit into these dresses comfortably, so I purchased this assuming I'd have to take it up in that area. I didn't! The way the cut of the dress works, I can switch to a bra that adds a few cup sizes, and it looks just as good as if I were to wear a thin one. I absolutely feel comfortable in these dresses. It's fun to hear friends and family members express their surprise that I'm in a dress..and more surprise that I'm comfortable in it! I am typically not a dress-wearer. If you wear leggings with this dress, a slip is required. It *will* ride up without a slip. Just a warning: I'm posting nearly this exact review on every dress I purchased that day because I have almost the exact same feedback for each one. I love them! Also-I intend on purchasing more. I love them that much!


I adore this dress! The quality of the fabric and construction is worth far more than the price. I always get complimented on it, and it is so comfortable to wear, with or without the petticoat.


For reference, I'm 5'11" with a 31" waist wearing a large.


So the material was good and the pattern BEAUTIFUL  as I was sure to order from Grace Karen not the Chinese knock off that some people got stuck in. However, to no fault of the dress maker it just didn't do it for me. The reason why this dress is shown on a mannequin is that there is no structure so the look of the dress depends solely on your body. There is a beautiful teenage girl in the three star section where her mom complains that it doesn't have form on top or flair around the hips and well duh you have no....form on top or hips for it to flair off of it won't do it. But on the other side unfortunately for me I have large form on top and a slight belly (why I had to purchase a new dress for Easter ) but a long torso and wide hips that I thought would look great in this. However the whole top is taken up by MY top and because of my slight belly the skirt flairs off the top of my belly and directly out under my boobs. Maybe if I had time or this was an in-store store experience where I could experiment with sizes and had time to tailor it but not so much it made me look way bigger than I am and currently that's not something I can handle (as I am currently bigger than I normally am) However the pattern beautiful and the material very nice just to repeat I think they way this dress fits is very much up to your body type and preference.


This dress is great and you can't beat the price! I'm 5'4" and a little over 200 pounds. I bought the 1x based on my measurements and the sizing chart in the photos and this fit wonderfully. I'm pretty busty and so have a hard time finding dresses that fit so I'm very impressed! The belt it came with certainly completed the outfit. I paired this with the 2 for $20 pack of petticoats and it made this dress fluff up nicely but it looked just as nice without the petticoat (no pictures of that). The material was thick enough that you couldn't see the black petticoat underneath. I'm so happy with this dress and will be purchasing more in the future.


I do not typically write reviews for products that have been out of the packaging for less than an hour, but due to my uncontrollable excitement, I was compelled to share with other potential buyers!


I just received this dress at 1:32, and by 1:40, I had it on and was LOVING IT!  The dress fits perfectly according to the size chart, and with the help of other lovely ladies that have taken the time to review this and post pictures along with their measurements. The dress came on time (2-day prime shipping) and folded neatly (not crammed) in a plastic zipper pouch.  It was clean without any defects or imperfections upon inspection.  All the seams and surges were nicely finished without lengths and lengths of thread in various places that you will find in some garments.  The material is a pleasant weight, not too heavy, and not so thin it requires extra undergarments.  It's a synthetic blend that has a slight stretch to it.  Like many other ladies, I too am ditching the enclosed belt, in favor of something a little more polished and wider. The belt is nothing spectacular, but would suffice if you are wanting a skinny 3/4" black belt.  The pattern is true to the pictures.  I am adding a 22" petticoat to add volume to the skirt, as it gives this vintage style of a tea length dress a finished look.  I think it is completely wearable without, but it does just hang without some support from underneath.


In my opinion, this is comparable to a garment you would find in a more expensive department store...perhaps even better!!  It exceeds its functionality at this price.  I am so pleased with this cute dress!!  It surpassed my expectations!


POST SCRIPT:  The ONLY "flaw" with this dress would possibly be the armholes.  They are large enough to show side boob.  This, however, tends to be a regularly encountered occurrence in my experience.  I plan on wearing a little cardigan with this so it doesn't effect how much I LOVE IT!


The belt smells horrible. It's cheap and all-around weird and I wasn't planning on wearing it anyway.


The dress is okay, I guess. It fit well enough. The fabric, though, wasn't super pleasant. It attracted dust and hair and lint like nothing I've ever seen. It also wrinkles at the drop of a hat, and they're not easy to iron out kind of wrinkles either. Plus side: it's super fun to twirl in, especially if you're wearing a petticoat under it. (FYI - petticoat not included. Read the product description carefully, folks!)


I have not yet tested washing this.


It's a decent dress for the price, but I won't purchase this kind of dress again.


I Love My Wiggle Dress.  I read all the reviews about the "tight, too snug fit."  So I decided to order the 3X -- Red Polka Dots.  I weight 185 lbs, I am 5ft 8in and I generally wear a Size 16 comfortably.  I'm so glad that I "Upsized This Dress!"  It fits perfectly.  I also ordered the *GRACE KARIN®Women 50s Petticoat Skirts Tutu Crinoline Underskirt CL8922* Black XL and they fit perfectly.  Try this duo if you like. Yes, this dress is very wrinkled when you remove it from the package.  Remember, it's Cotton! I suggest that you send it to the Dry Cleaners or use a Steamer, if you don't like to iron.


I recommend that you Upsize This Dress to Get the Best Fit!


The fabric was a bit thinner than what I expected, and it didn’t come with the belt like it said it would, but that’s okay, because I prefer a wider belt anyway. But the fit is great and it does look really pretty, so I’m still super happy with it. For my body shape, I don’t feel that I need a petticoat, I tried it with one and I found it to be too poufy for me. I am very pear shaped, 5’5, and 210 pounds, and an XL was perfect for me, but if you’re a similar weight and have a bigger chest, definitely size up because there’s not too much stretch in the chest area. Overall it was a really great purchase, and for the price, I’m really happy.


