I bought this lovely tea-party style dress for a "Grease Lightning" party for my friend's 50th birthday party. It was perfect. I originally ordered the wrong size, getting confused by the Plus (X) sizing vs the XL sizing. I am 5'7" and 215 lbs. I typically wear a size 16 although as I have inched up toward 215+ I am getting close to needing an 18 in some pants, etc. Anyhow, the plus sizing (2X, 3X, etc.) was way too big. Once I realized my mistake, I exchanged for the 2XL and was very happy with the fit. The fabric is a good quality and was comfortable to wear. There are side loops for the belt so that it stays at waist level, but once I buckled it up I did have to secure the end of the belt with a bobby pin so it would not flop about (since I had a lot of extra belt but not enough to reach back to the loop). The finish is the only reason I did not give this product 5 stars. There were quite a few hanging threads and two areas where the hem stitching was starting to unravel. It did not present a problem for wearing the dress to the party and when I have some time I will reinforce the hem. Once the hem is fixed, I expect the dress to last for a long while with good care. Overall, this dress is wonderful, made me feel very feminine, and is a very good value despite the slight imperfections (especially when you consider the price point). I paired my dress with a shrug, fishnets (with a seam up the back and a bow at the back of the heel) over sheer stockings, heels, a petticoat, and a combo package that contained cat's eye glasses, a black sheer necktie (which I put in my hair), and some poodle-emblazoned bobby socks. I did not end up wearing the bobby socks but brought them in case I needed to take my heels off. I will wear this dress again as an actual dress instead of a costume; I'm just waiting for a spring or summer brunch, shower, etc. where it will be the perfect thing to wear once again!


Loooveeee ittttttt!!!! Wore this and a petticoat for my date with my boyfriend and it was GORGEOUS. I wore this with a slipper type shoe instead of a heel, and it matched perfectly! I got many looks and compliments, and even though the measurements were a little bit off it was great! The zipper is a little hard to handle but it still zips fine. A WORD OF CAUTION: Although I love this dress, I do NOT believe I got it new. That's why it is only 4 stars. It came reeking of pure vinegar, and I had to wash it before I could even wear it. I basically had to drench it in fabric softener to rid the smell. There were also slight deodorant stains on the armpit, but they did wash out. Also I had to iron.... and iron....... and iron before it looked right. So if you have the time and patience to wash it and iron it, then definitely buy! It's true to the size and an adorable dress. Really got the look I was going for! Hope this review helped ~Kay


I love this dress! I was worried about sizing because with a 42 bust and a 34 waist, I was stuck between the 2xl and the 3xl on the size chart. I went with the 2xl which is still surprisingly loose but not enough that it looks baggy, I may have even been able to go with an xl but I'm happy and I can get it tailored to fit me perfectly while still being able to wear it until that time. (I did add a petticoat underneath and there are creases in the skirt from being folded)


Ya'll, I just can't even tell you how much I LOVE LOVE LOVE this dress!! It was a splurge purchase for Easter. I am a curvy girl so purchasing clothes online is always a toss up for me. I ordered according to the chest measurement and the fit was PERFECT!! I can't tell you how amazing I felt in this dress and how many compliments I received. The conversations went something like this, "I LOVE your dress! It looks great on you!" "Thank you! I love it too!" "Where did you get it?" "Amazon, of course! I don't have time to shop like normal people!" LOL This is the God's honest trust too ya'll. My USPS and UPS Drivers deserve a Christmas present for real. Anyhow, the only small con I have is that it dug slightly into my arm pits so if you are a bustier girl this dress may not be for you! I am only a C and it fit me perfect, but anything larger than that would be pushing it I believe.


I don't normally review products, but this was too amazing not to review. As a taller girl who isn't rail-thin, I have a miserable time finding any dress that works for me. I was expecting to have to return this.


It fits BEAUTIFULLY, like it was tailored just for me.  I'm 5'7", 155lbs, and a 36D. (Got a size Large) I was really concerned about room in the bust area (which is my typical problem area), but there is a little room to spare. The dress hits me about 2 inches above the knees, which I expected because most of my height is in my torso. My shoulders are pretty broad for a girl, but the dress accommodates for that. I can see how it might fit someone with smaller shoulders poorly, and gape in the front and back.


I get so many compliments about how lovely the dress looks! But most of all, it's comfortable, which is a huge must for me. I've ordered two more dresses!


I just got my dress in the mail today thanks to Amazon Prime (2 day shipping) & I am LOVEEEEEE with this dress!!!! I'm a size 4 in pants but for shirts I usually purchase a S or M depending on where I'm shopping because I don't have a large chest (I'm a 34B) so when ordering, I worried more about the fit up top because the bottom is supposed to be loose, therefore I went with a S & it fits absolutely PERFECTLY! The dress hits just under my knee. It looks beautiful with & without a tutu. The material is greatttt for the price & won't be hard to iron at all (mine didn't even come wrinkled). I loved it so much that I literally purchased another pattern just seconds before starting on this review haha!!! & I'll be ordering AT LEAST two more soon because it's just soo amazinggg!!! My husband usually doesn't like dresses like this but even he found it incredibly nice & he loveddd it! I seriously could not be anymore happy than I am!!! I didn't even want to take it off when I tried it on because I looks that amazing!! I can go on and on but to sum it up: it fits perfectly, the material is great, & IT'S ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!!!!!


Bought this dress in plain black for my daughter, who has specific clothing requirements for concert band - needing a plain black dress, modest and mid-calf length - and this dress was perfect.  The fit is spot-on, it's very nicely made, and the style is lovely.  We put a flouncy black petticoat underneath & it is so pretty!  Despite the requisite lack of any embellishment, it is beautiful & tasteful, and looks much more expensive than it was.


I am also amazed at how well it washes.  Unbeknownst to me, my daughter threw it into the washer & dryer with her other laundry, including white socks. EEK!!  It took about 20+ lint roller sheets, but every bit of lint came off of it & just a light steaming took out every wrinkle.  I was absolutely floored that it didn't shrink!!  This thing launders surprisingly well!!  It's a very good buy!


I have ordered three versions of this stupid dress, and I'm very frustrated about it. The (single) dress I have that arrived in the correct size, is great. A little large, but not so much I can't wear it.


But the overall experience I've had is terrible.


I am getting married soon, and this dress is adorable. I ordered Floral-21 (dress#1) in a size medium to wear to my bridal shower. I received Floral-21 in a large. This first dress was by Grace Karin, and had very nice quality. I would have kept it, if they'd managed to get the size correct on my order. I sent the first one back (full refund through amazon) and ordered Floral-21 for the second time, in a size medium. It was getting pretty close to my shower, at that point, but no sweat with prime, right?


Wrong. A whole week goes by with no sign of dress#2. When I checked my orders, some kind of switch-a-roo happened when I ordered the second dress. It was NOT prime. It was NOT sold by GK. It was shipping from China. It was going to get to me sometime between a week after my shower, and two days after my wedding. Tears happened.


So my fiance ordered me Floral-33 in a medium. The idea was that we would pick one that is prime, and worst case I end up with two pretty dresses. Dress #3 arrived on time, it was by GK, and in the correct size. As far as the fit of the dress, I would say that it runs a little large. We ordered based on the provided size chart, and I had extra space even with a crinoline and near exact measurements. If you're between sizes, I suggest choosing the smaller one. As with the first one (legitimate GK dresses,) this dress is good quality, the fabric is not see through at all, and it is super cute on.


Fast forward almost 3 weeks after I ordered dress #2 (10 days after my bridal shower, in case you're wondering) and I have finally received dress #2. This has to be some kind of flipping joke. This dress is so thin it's almost sheer. It has no tags in it at all. It is clearly NOT an actual GK dress. The zipper is sewn to itself, the bodice is shaped in a way I have never seen a womans' body be shaped, the bust darts do nothing for the actual shape of the dress. As if all that isn't offensive enough, dress#2 smells like it had a first row seat to a plastics fire. It's TERRIBLE. And it's huge. Surprise surprise.


So it boils down to this: If you are brave enough to order this dress consider choosing a size down, and triple check that your order will be fulfilled prime, through a reputable seller. If the seller is not GK Queen just move on with your life, you will hate the dress.


Ladies my size should order XL. I made the mistake of ordering this in 1X Plus instead of XL but that was my own error, not the manufacturer (I wasn't paying attention). It's a bit loose in the waist but nothing a belt can't fix, as you see in the picture. I got so many compliments in this. It's a shiny satin fabric and the colors are bright and beautiful! In love!


I bought this dress for a "Moon Over Miami" party that was a Jackie Gleason theme.


I normally wear a size 8 or medium. So I ordered a medium. This dress fit perfectly. Amazingly so. I was pleasantly surprised by the professional quality of the workmanship of the dress. All seams and facings were evenly sewn, no puckers, just perfect. It was nicely folded in the package and needed pressing when I took it out. The fabric is a nice quality, too.


