This dress is the bomb! So gorgeous! Add a poofy underskirt and it’s just so so beautiful ♥️


The only thing is that the zipper sometimes gets a tad stuck on these dresses (I have 4 in different colors) so be patient and gentle!


These dresses are gorgeous!


The dress is so well made, I was expecting it to fit like the Acevog dresses I have purchase in the past, but surprisingly it fit larger and was so very comfortable. The pattern was very bold and colorful and the material is very supple and it hangs very nice. It was a fantastic buy and I would absolutely buy another one.


I received so many compliments at my nephews wedding. Thank you to all the ladies for your reviews. I had a feeling this dress would run small and I was right. It still fit perfect and looks classy, very comfortable. I was helping removing dishes from the table and spilled the plates on me, it cleaned up very well. I had another 5 hours in the dress and I couldn't even notice I spilled anything on me.


This for as expected and is a very cute dress! I received several compliments on it. The only thing is that I ordered black and when it showed up it was more of a navy/plum color, but still very pretty. To get my size right, I went through the reviews of what sizes girls similar to my size ordered and it worked perfect. I got a large and am 5'3", 36C chest, around 145-150lbs and it fit perfectly.


Purchased this for a bridesmaids dress and it fits perfectly. It's perfect for a wedding, date night, or work. I love it and received so many compliments and it fits different body shapes perfectly...


This dress is poorly made compared to similar dresses I've purchased on Amazon. It is a lightweight cotton fabric. It arrived with a broken zipper and several stray threads. There are much better quality and similar dresses available at a reasonable price.


I liked the dress. it was perfectly fit and looked very good. But the main problem is that the material is very thick. I haven't worn it yet but i feel it will be difficult during the summer to wear it. Also the zip on the dress is really flimsy(i might have to replace it). It might break after few use. Also the loops for belt looks like it might tear off(scared it might tear the dress). Though the loop looks cute and indistinguishable, it will definitely come off if we leave the belt in dress while hanging it


Loved the dress; wore it for themed birthday party of 50s era.  Belt is too narrow and too long.


Beautiful stretch satin vintage dress. Fabric is of impeccable quality and has held up well after hand washing/line drying over a dozen times. Ordered size large based on size chart provided, fit my 5'4", 145lb, 34G frame perfectly. Dress looks great as is and down right stunning when paired with a peti skirt.


I loved this dress cut so much that I have  ordered it 2 years in a row for a fancy steep chase racing event, in 2 different and equally amazing prints. I typically wear a 22 (6ft tall and heavy) but ordered the 4X so I could be more comfortable outside all day. They dress have aplenty of stretch to stay comfortable all day. The dress works best with a petticoat for a full skirt, but could be worn without if you'd prefer. I have also perchased Grace Karin petticoats and they fit true to size and also have great "floof".


