Got this dress to wear for a friend's wedding and I absolutely love it! I had been eyeing it for a while, debating on whether or not to purchase, and I am so glad I did! I felt beautiful in it, and I got so many compliments. I'm a 42DDD and a 2xl fit wonderfully. I wore mine without a crinoline, but when I tried one on with it, it looked good, it just wasn't my style. I'm just really happy that I finally stopped debating with myself and bought the dang dress. You should too, you won't regret it!


Perfect fit! I usually wear a size 8 (5'9") and ordered a medium and it fits like I had it tailored to myself.  I have a tall torso, so the waist is high on me and it comes just above my knees but still looks great!  It is very well made and the material is neither too thin or too heavy. The color is true to picture. I am ordering more colors!


I'm 5'5, 190 lbs with a double D chest. I ordered a 1X Plus and it fit perfectly! I love the pattern, it's very bright and colorful. The fabric is comfortable. I'm wearing a pedicoat underneath but you can wear it without one. Definitely want to buy different patterns.


Really cute dress. Size is great! I hesitated a long time over sizing, even after measuring and reading so many reviews I ordered a larger size thinking that it would be sized small but it needed to be returned. The new fit is great. The print is really nice. The material is good quality. Can be worn with our without the crinoline. I will be ordering additional colors for sure.


I've only given this 4 stars at the moment because I literally just pulled it from the package. I was expecting a cheap, thin cotton dress, all bunched up and wrinkly because it was delivered in a plastic mail envelope. Holy smokes was I wrong! The dress is absolutely fabulous. It's a heavy weight material, shiny (sorry fashionistas, I do not know my fabric terms) and just stunning! I can't wait to try it on!


This is a great dress, my wife bought it for a friends wedding reception.. After spending 3-4 hours in the dress, she said that the material was both comfortable and durable.


Not too long ago, she purchased a different dress from Amazon for another wedding we attended and felt much differently. Within the afternoon, this other dress had split the zipper and seams near the bottom had started to come undone. This new dress however, was neither scratchy or 'cheap', complete with double stitching and a durable zipper!


Beautiful dress! I ordered f-14 the black one with multi color flowers and f-47 white with blue and black roses. They were made of different materials which I was worried that I had received a knockoff. But I contacted the seller and they explained that f-14 had to be made of a different type because of the pattern. They are beautiful dresses, though I am going to have to have them altered a little to fit better. I ordered by my measurements and it was prefect! I just prefer a snug fit. So once I wear them and wash them I will come back and update with how they held up.


Love the dress.  Much too small to even try on.  Ordered a size bigger and it was even smaller than the XL. I’ve ordered a 3XL (and I wear a 14-16) so we shall see.  I’ll be returning at least four of the five.  I just wanted a nice Derby Party dress.


I have this dress in several prints.  I needed a dress for a funeral and was able to get this one in plenty of time with Prime.  I initially washed it and popped it in the dryer and it was ready to go without having to iron it.  I love these dresses because they're modest but very flattering.  I like spinning while wearing it like a little kid and feeling the skirt float out around me.  I also like that it doesn't have sleeves so I don't get too hot.  In winter, I pair it with a sweater and thick tights.  I can wear it all year.


 This dress was absolutely perfect! I'm 5'2 about 170 pounds and it fit me perfectly, I bought an XL and wore with a petticoat underneath. I got so many compliments! So cute and so slimming! I'm going to buy this in many colors now!


