Loved this dress! I got so many compliments! It was expensive to dry clean however I blame that one on myself. It is dry clean only but I'm sure a light cooler iron would have been fine. I forget my belt the day of, but oh well!


Great dressy/casual dress for my 17 year old. It fits well and is made from good fabric. The pictures don't really do justice to how colorful and pretty this dress is.


I really love this dress. I do think it runs a size small. I ordered an extra large, which says 16 but I'm a US 12. I got a bolero jacket to go over it and a petticoat. I got so many compliments on this dress. I absolutely love it and I'm going to order another. Nice fabric, nice zipper, nice spin.


I received soooo many compliments!!!


This dress was soooo amazing!! I love it!


I am a large woman and was worried that I would feel ridiculous in this, but I love it. It is cute and fits well but is not tight. It is not too short, which I was concerned about. It is a great price and super cute.


Beautiful Dress!  I wasn't exactly sure what to expect at this price point, but I took a chance based on all of the positive reviews and pictures.  I'm so glad I did!  The material feels good, it fit perfectly (it has a little bit of stretch to it, which I like) and it looks lovely!  I'm going to wear it to a bridal shower.


Beautiful.  Hits a few inches below my knee, and I'm 5'3".  It made me want to twirl all night.  It arrived very wrinkly.  Also, it is a little stretchy, so I have my doubts that it is 100% cotton, but the fabric feels nice, washed nicely, and seems sturdy.


LOVE this dress!! I've been looking for the perfect 1950's dress for a long time and this was it! I purchased the petticoat to go under it and it looks so full and beautiful. The dress still look great without the petticoat, just not as full. The fabric is soft, high quality and almost has a sheen to it. I am 4' 11 3/4" and 106lbs. The size small was a perfect fit for me. Will be purchasing this dress in other patterns/colors.


TOP IS SNUG! But other then that it fit great! LOVED it! I went one size up to be sure the top fit. Highly recommend this dress. I got a million compliments! I also purchased the petticoat! Looked awesome together!


I am so thrilled with this purchase! I have been slowly cultivating a more vintage aesthetic and so many of the brands are outrageously expensive. This dress is perfect. I have only tried it on thus far and haven't ventured out in it yet but I had to hop on Amazon to give 5 stars. I was amazed by the quality. I was expecting less with the price. I'm about to go and buy other colors! This is such a classic style.


