Dress is beautiful and well crafted.  My only complaint is that the dress waist is about two inches higher than the actual waist of a normal sized woman.  Sizing is accurate as far as bust, waist, hips.  However it feels short waisted


I will get good use of this dress because it's cute, however, I would not buy it again as it is not very comfortable around the bust area


We bought this for my daughter so she can dress up as in the 50's and it is so cute.  She loves it, It fits well and so far it seems to be a nicely made dress.  I think she can even wear this one for parties going forward.


Fits perfect and material is excellent


The dress was a bit underwhelming. I expected better fabric and a better fit. It was too synthetic/nylon based fabric causing the bottom of the dress to lay akwardly. Its nice, but certainly not as nice as the pictures.


Fabric is great quality. I normally wear large and xlarge blouses (40DD) and the xlarge dress is perfect. Fits great and is the perfect length. I love it and will buy more!!


It's an awesome dress. I got the checkered black and white. It fits perfect. It is an empire cut dress though. So the skirt flares just below the breasts. If you don't like that but love the dress then I found a thick red belt that makes it look awesome. I only give 4 stars because the belt did not fit at all! It was way to big for the dress itself. It's easily fixed with the right tools but still an annoyance, plus it was kinda flimsy anyways.


I am wearing this for my wedding so, as anyone can imagine, I am picky about how my dress would look and fit. I tried it on upon arrival and it fits perfectly, the lines are flawless, the stitching is of high quality, and the price was beyond reasonable!


I love the dress, but the waist hits me at my ribs and I'm not a tall person. I just returned it.


Stunning dress! I am 5' 2" and weigh 149 pounds and ordered an XL which I could have gotten L but it still fit beautifully!


