I'm getting married 09/30/17, we are having a vintage themed wedding. My Bridal Party hosted a Tea with the Bride to be Bridal shower 08/12/17, this dress was perfect! Dress runs big, I'm size 18-20, I ordered an 3x it was too big, 2x would have worked but I wanted it to fit to my shape, so I returned and ordered a 1x, the dress fitted great!


This dress, the way it's displayed in the photo, is not like that on the body. It's more a formal modern dress. Not really meant to look like a vintage dress. Don't get it if you want Rockabilly


Love, love, love it! Got this for a dance with a "black & white" theme. Also bought a black petticoat to wear underneath, as suggested by other reviews. Paired it with a red shrug and red pumps, and it was adorable!  It fit perfectly and got tons of compliments! I normally wear a size 4-6 in women's so I ordered a size small. I was nervous ordering something like this online, but I am beyond pleased!


This dress has wonderful construction and the fabric is nice and thick. The seams are amazing


This product is nothing like the product advertised.  The skirt that I received was shipped from China, made of a cheap rayon fabric with an elasticized waistband.  Very poor quality.  Shame on Amazon for allowing bait-and-switching on its website.


I had some many complements on this dress.  We had A dapa day party and I loved it!


The material was cheap & the dress was too small despite following the size chart. I didn't get to choose the seller, and this dress came from China. It must be the luck of the draw when ordering. I chose a popular print that other buyers had reviewed & posted pictures of. Mine was not of good quality. The material was thin & the skirt had no flare or volume.


I love this dress. The fit was amazing except it was a little big in the chest and so very flattering. I got lots of compliments! The only let down is the belt was not included, but I had my own otherwise I'm happy!!


I love this dress.  I originally ordered an XL, but the bust was a little too tighjt for me.  My friends asaif it looked great, but I felt uncomfortable.  I could have gotten away with it if I used a minimizer bra, but I chose to go up to the XXL.  I received lots of compliments and will rock the look again.  I love this dress and will order in other colors.


The dress is really cute! It arrived on time. The dress was still to big on my daughter.


