Great foundation piece for my wardrobe.  Easily transformed from 9-5 to cocktail hour.  I've paired this with a cocoon cardigan, a long sleeve midi length kimono, and a blazer.  My only issues are that the fabric is extremely thin (must have the proper undergarments) and the dress "crept up" when I walked.


Got so many compliments when I wore this. It fit great and was really cute.


I like the dress. It's very cute. I bought the black one. It can be dressed up with a statement necklace and heels and be worn out to a nice dinner, or worn with a scarf and boots and worn to work.


It's form fitting, so I was sucking in my stomach after lunch, but other than that it is very comfortable. The collar is high. I like this since it is so form fitting. Also, you should wear a slip with it, or you'll be showing the world all your goods ;-)


This dress is not as "classy" as shown on the site. It is very cheap looking. I ordered it in blue, and it basically is a t-shirt material type dress. It is NOT suitable for the office, even with a blazer. The color of the fabric is not as royal blue (brilliant) as it is on line. The hem is sewn crookedly, and due to the surging on the edges and the flimsiness of the fabric, I couldn't even try to have it fixed. DO NOT BUY this unless you're looking for a cheap, low quality dress.


Dress Hugged every curve just right .. Great for a night out ..im 5"2 and a size 14/16 with alot of hips if ordered xl/xxl. if you don't like to show your curves and you are plus size don't get it!


I really like this dress.  I've ordered in the blue and charcoal, and I'm also going to order the green.  I purchased a medium/large.  I'm usually a medium, and the dress is very snug.  I'm curvy though, and it works for me.  I think I'm going to order my next dress in the large/extra large though, to see if I can get it to be a bit more modest.  But the dresses are really comfortable, and great for work.


This is the second time I bought a dress that's from "Tom's Ware," but instead I received a dress from "Tam Ware." LOL. The dress I ordered was supposed to be khaki, but what arrived seems more of an olive green color.  I ordered a medium like last time, but it seems to be a bit tighter than last.  I only gave 2 stars because it wasn't what I expected it to be, but it still isn't that bad so MAYBE I'll keep it.  Still deciding.


The material is great for the price. I would definetly order this in multiple colors. I am 4'11 so it had a sexy casual look on me.


Listen to the reviews. The dress is super thin and clingy. If you bulge anywhere it will show. Even with a body shaper. You could see my belly button through this dress. I wanted to love it. The color was fantastic but big girls need not apply.


My new favorite dress. It's super soft and allows u to breathe


