Sorry I'm sitting in my pics but the dress fit beautifully! Its a beautiful soft pink which was perfect for Easter and its cotton and spandex blend makes the dress super airy and comfy! I'm going to order different colors for sure!


This dress is awesome and super comfy. The material is thick enough to cover some flaws and it's form fitting, but not too tight. However, I would worry about it potentially being see-through in a light color.


I'm 5'2 and 119lbs for reference and ordered a small.


Love this dress! It's very soft and true to size. I wanted it to fit me snug. Which it had no choice because i have a 50" butt 35" waist 38DD bust. 240 pounds and I am 5'7. The dress was not see-thru at all. ! Going to order more!


Very cute dress, fabric is kind of thin but still able to wear underwear with it. Very form fitting. I got a size x-small. I'm 5'1" and 103lbs, 32D.  The length is under my knees but it rides up a little and I prefer a little bit of the ruching look at my abdomen. Overall very happy with the purchase! Will be buyin more!


Nice little dress to wear when out shopping when you don't feel like wearing pants. Fit as expected and falls below knees which I like. Be careful as it slide's up after sitting then standing so remember to "check" yourself upon standing. The material is very thin. Not sure how it washes, will update after washing. It is fitted but not tight. Since the material is thin and fitted, it doesn't "hide" anything (Rolls, bra, panty line) but I put a lite jacket over it and it was fine for me. Foe the price, its great.


Bought this because it'd been a long time since I was out on the scene and I wanted to ease into my re-arrival with a simple outfit that said a lot.  This dress fit the bill, perfectly.  Accessories either make this an outfit for a nightclub, picnic or date-night.


I'm tall, 5'10'' and this dress comes down to mid thigh on me.  I'm slender but with curvy hips and this dress hugs like a glove, without depriving your oxygen. Very comfortable to wear.  Fabric is also soft, no-fuss and nice.


I ordered this on Prime day because I saw all the cute photos of the ladies in the gallery and decided I needed one of my own. I am 5'10 and 165lbs naturally curvy and this fits like a glove, I ordered the S/M (Tag size M). The length is below my knee and it is so soft, stretchy, and not see through! In fact, I loved the black dress so much I ordered 2 more colors, Khaki & Teal before I even took the dress off from trying it on. It's like the sisterhood of the traveling dress and fits every form it touches perfectly. It's amazing and I highly recommend it. It's perfect for a night out or dressing it up a little to be more business casual. PERFECTION.


I ordered this dress in black, blue, and green. I was looking for something comfy that I could dress down with some sandals, or dress up with a blazer. I'm 5'5, about 120 lbs, and I'm pretty fit. I ordered all three in the S/M size, but ended up only keeping the black dress. The blue and the green were shorter and tighter on me. The black was the length I was looking for (about to my knees) and was the most flattering. Not only were the other two colors shorter and tighter, but they also both showed every single lump and bump. Wearing a thong will be necessary, but even so, your underwear will still show along your hips. I have a pretty flat stomach and a tight butt, but it didn't look like it the blue or green dresses. Overall I was disappointed, which was a bummer!


This is like T-shirt material. It’s the perfect cute easy going out dress. It is very plain but easy to dress up. This dress is very fitting so keep that in mind depending on how you like to wear your dresses. The material is nothing special and I don’t necessarily see the dress lasting for years but I think for what you pay for it and what you’re using it for it’s a very good buy and I have a few buy this brand.


I am in love with this dress! It fits great and makes me feel great.


