I LOVE this dress!!  I have this in red, black, and gray as well as the slightly longer one in khaki (which is more of an olive color).  It fits great and is so comfortable.  I am 5' 7" and about 175lbs and the L/XL fits great.  I generally wear a slimmer under these (shoutout to Maidenform Flexees! can't go wrong with those) and super thin panties and it looks great.  10/10 will buy more colors!!  Love Tom's Ware!!


Love this fits so well m/l have it in two colors plan on getting more in different colors


The material is so smooth and the cut is nice! I am currently a size 14 so I should've ordered an XL so it would not be as tight in the stomach area. This will be my Goal Dress to shed a few pounds and tone up. The color is more of a regular blue and not a royal blue as I thought but I still like it.


2017 Update: I'm down to a US 10 and this dress is perfect, one of my favorites. I probably wear this dress every other month to work. I've worn it to meet friends for outings. The color is still holding! I wash with similar colors in cold water and hang to dry.


I do love this dress, but, you need either a perfect 10 body or the perfect body shaper with it.  It will show everything.  I wear it with Maidenform Flexees Women's Shapewear and it is perfect.


I love this! You have to be careful with some of these nylon, thin dresses.  They always seem to hug and cling to the wrong places and when water spills, it leaves this stained residue.  not with this one. I find it has the right amount of lightness mixed with thickness.  I wore this to work with a blazer and ankle pumps and felt pretty.  I like the high neckline, which also gives it a look of professionalism.  I'd beware though...you can definitely see bra and panty lines, so try to use less obvious material.


I love Tom's Ware products. They are always cute, stretchy, comfortable, and good quality. I wear this to work with a nice cardigan over it. Color is beautiful and matches the photo. I got a lot of compliments on the color! However, just beware it on the thinner side and shows lines and imperfections as such. I just throw on some of those nude shorts to keep your thighs from rubbing though and that helps with a lot of those issues (those things are amazing!)


I love this dress! The color is beautiful and the fabric is light and perfect for the summer. It’s a body hugger dress so if you don’t want all your curves to show, order larger. I’ve been using these dresses while I’m pregnant and they have been so comfortable.


I'm a size 14/16 and 5'2. I ordered the l/xl. I ordered the charcoal and teal. It looks just as pictured. The teal is a little see through but I wore it with a cardigan and some spanks underneath and it didn't show through. I LOVE the color. It came below my knees. I fit very nice on me and it will accentuate all of your curves hunny! My man loved me in it!!  Really cute and sexy!!!


For under $20 you can't go wrong. I purchased the green dress and just as others have mentioned it is soft but very thin. Kind of like a hanes tee shirt except very, very stretchy. I'm 5'2 and normally were a size 0-2. I ordered a small not knowing if it would be tight in the arm holes and chest area since I'm a 32D, but everything fit just fine. The bottom hem goes about three fingers past the bottom of my knees. All in all a great purchase but i may have to invest in some shape wear to create the illusion that the fabric is thicker and of better quality. I wonder how it will do in the wash?


Love love love this dress. Just ordered two more in different colors and styles. I am 189 lbs and 5'6".  L/XL was perfect. Hugs my curves, amazingly comfortable and very sexy. My husband's quote was "you look sharp hunny "


It comes down  past my knees which i also like. Great product for the price.


