Not true to fit and cheap material


It's fits perfectly. I'm 5,6", 65kg, and I got medium size. It's a very beautiful dress and I wore mine to work. The delivery was on time too. It's a must get!!!!!


Love my dress. always get compliments when I wear it!  You can dress it up with a blazer and heels or dress it down with flat sandals or a pair of Keds like tennis shoes....I love it!  Super happy.  I can't wait to purchase more colors.


Totally wrong dress! I received a totally different dress...long sleeve ribbed cotton???! Annoying.


Now  granted I'm not a small person but I did order an XL it's the material that makes it fit so snug. The reason I bought this dress was to feel better about my new body. I'm in the process of losing 40 pounds and I'm 15 down. This is my motivation dress. Hopefully once I reach my goal it will fit perfectly. I love the material and the cut.


It fit as pictured, I like the color.  I don't think price point is very warranted as I am an avid online and retail shopper and it has the look of China quality which is fine but you can find this same style for less in stores.  I live in Las Vegas so maybe I have access to more but I would say I kept it and will just dress it up with hot heels and fabulous accessories.


Okay dress, material  is very thin so that is my primary concern.  Simple dress, not a big wow for me. Fits fine, just very thin material.  Not sure how it will hold up after first wash.


I love this dress. it fits really nice. I am 6' and not skinny. I got a size M and fits great (ok I wear spanks)


looks super sexy but classy. I wear it with a lot of long layered necklaces and nice heels and a blazer for work. Dress it up with sexy boots and here you go! I can recommend.


I wear a size 8. I have boobs and a big butt/hip. fits great. Color stays great (black) not too see thru for me.


This dress, i was expecting to look cheap however I was completely wrong. The style is very nice, fit is perfect and I am going to order more in different colors. Love it!


Love the dress but it was too small. So I ordered again in a larger size. A large fit me perfect!


