Order way up!!! I usually get a large maybe an xl at most, but I ordered a 2x this time and glad I did! If you like it skin tight then you won't have problems. If you're going for cute modesty order like 2 sizes, maybe 3, up!


I thought I'd ordered a size up so it wouldn't be too clingy, but this dress shows EVERYTHING. I am not comfortable wearing it. My husband loves it, of course, but I feel it's inappropriate. If you purchase it, I recommend buying 2 sizes larger than you think you need.


I'm 5'7" ~140lb.  ~36/26.5/40.(ordered a small)  I have an hourglass shape.  This dress looks nice on me.  THe fabric leaves something to be desired.  But, you get what you pay for.  I would wear this to casual events.  A place where most people would be dressed casual, but I will stand out because I look really dressed up.  I wouldn't do this dress for a big outing that requires something of more substantial quality.


Very thin material (similar to a tee shirt) but I gues you get what you paid for.  No realky what I expected but keeping it anyway to wear with jean jacket and tennis shoes or flip flops.  Truly disappointed


I love this dress. It is somewhat thin, so make sure  you wear under garments. I wear a Medium and that's what I ordered and it fits perfectly. I also love the length. This dress can been worn to a board meeting or at a cookout. Very easy to dress it up or down.


Absolutely love this dress... this is my 4th one... I've bought them in Red, Black, this Purple and in Khaki. I'm a 5'2 118 lbs and I got the Medium/Large as they run a bit on the small size and the fit was perfect! I can wear this to work with a nice blazer and then out for Happy hour without the blazer and still look chic!


OMG!! This dress is right on the money! I feel like a supermodel. It's beautiful, great material and super sexy feel! The only reason and I mean the only reason it is getting 4 stars is because I ordered the teal, and that is not what the color is. It's blue. It does look exactly like the color of the pic but i thought that by chance maybe that it was an error in their part and it would actually be teal in color. I'm still completely happy with my purchase and will be ordering more. If they have it in an olive color. I will get it!


This dress is extremely form fitting which is what I was after. However, it shows everything including any bumps or chubby areas and underwear lines. It also collects fuzz easily so don't wear it with a sweater that is a different color.


Since the dress is so body hugging I ordered one size up and I am glad I did. The material is a nice weight and drapes well. It does stretch but hugs your curves. With a body shaper underneath it looks great.


Nice dress


