I received this dress just in time for a affair I was attending,  it fit perfectly,  the length was great,  right at the knee. I received some many compliments, you think I was wearing a hundred dollar dress.  I will be ordering other colors


Second one I buy! Love the fit! Only thing you should know is that any underwear or thong will be noticeable.


I'm 5'5 and a curvy size 12, so the XL/XXL worked for me. I love this dress. My only complaint is the dress is a bit sheer, even in black.You just have to be mindful of what undergarments to wear.


The midi dress is the big thing this season so I thought I'd try it out. I got it in the dark grey since I thought it would be more forgiving and also would disguise cheap fabric better. It fits about how you would expect - clingy but not overly tight, and the fabric has a fair bit of stretch anyway. For this reason, I do not think it is really work appropriate. The material is fairly thin, but could be worse, though I am a bit skeptical of how well this will hold up in the wash and expect a bit of pilling. Very sexy but not the most forgiving.


It took soo long like 2 weeks to get them(South Korea) l ordered 4 colors and wore bright one for review. See thru a lil lil bit but its just perfect for me :) love this dress.


Love it! Receive the dress and was pleased with how it fit. I'm short 5 feet tall and have a hard time finding dresses that fit in length. This one is perfect. My only complaint ...The fabric is a little thin but it's stretchy and very comfortable. I have ordered other dresses online in the past and been disappointed with the low-quality of the fabric or the stitching some of them have looked cheaply made. This dress did not. This product definitely met my expectations I wore it to work and received lots of compliments. I went back and ordered the same dress in a couple of other colors and hope to be receiving them soon! Very versatile could be worn dressed up or dressed down and for several different occasions.


I wear a size 12, and the XL was great. I had to wear a shaper to reduce the appearance of my tummy, but the dress was a dream. Fit like a glove and very sexy yet professional. I love that it's comfortable and easily slips on over my head with no zippers or fuss. The length is appropriate for work or church too - big plus! I only wear black on most days, but I would definitely buy this dress in the rest of the colors!


I ordered two of this dress, an L/XL in green and a M/L in red.  The fabric is super soft and comfortable and of course hugs every curve and bulge.  I like the look, although I like it much better when wearing undergarments with a bit more control than the ones I have on in these pics, haha.  The L/XL fits me very well (better with spanx!) but the M/L is a bit *too* snug at my current size.  For now, I think it looks great as a rouched shirt. :)  It can be a dress again if I lose a few pounds!  I may order more colors in L/XL.


For reference, I'm 5'8" 200 lbs, 40-34-44.


I'm 5'7, currently 133lbs at 22 weeks pregnant and ordered a large. The length is perfect and snug all the way around, as I wanted .


