Love this dress! I am not a dress type of woman (tomboy still to this day in my late 20's), but I decided to turn over a new leaf and bought this. It fits like a glove! It isn't too tight nor is it loose, it lets your show off your curves, and its light. It hits a bit below my knees, but that's fine.


Watch out, sexy mama coming through! I'm 5'7 about 170 lbs, athletic built and got the "asian" large. It fits "like a glove" (Ace Ventura voice). It comes right at the knees, good thick material which is perfect for work. Throw on a blazer, then take it off for happy hour! Will be ordering more in different colors.


Wonderful color, great fabric (like a thin stretchy jersey), and decent construction. This fits like a snug t-shirt, so ever bump and bulge will show. But if you've got the body this is a sexy dress.


This dress arrived as described. It fit like a glove and despite the material, the color makes it look fairly classy. Have not worn it out yet,  so I'll adjust my review once I've tested it for more than a "try on."


I am an athlete, so I'm not sure if I would attempt to wear this if I'm not in at least moderate- decent shape,  because it definitely will show your body off.  All bras work with it but underwear can't have thick lines or it WILL be noticeable


I love this dress. You can dress it up or down. The material is a little thin though, but what do you expect for this price and the fact that it is jersey material. I absolutely love the length. On me it is a midi and I love midi dresses and skirts they give the appearance of a more curvy body. Oh, and the color is exactly as it appears. At any rate, I love the dress and the shipping was fast.


very thin, you can see every detail of your body.  Love the color but will need to wear shapewear with it.


I got the pink and the black, but my yellow skin is showing right throw the pink. They stretch like crazy and fit very well. You will need some nice full, control type undergarment from bust to knee; with the length, you can get away with it (insert big grin here). I have given it 3 stars because of the sheerness of the pink material.


Love this dress! Love the smooth material and how it feels on my skin. I love the length...Im sure its different on everyone but Im about 5'4-5'5 186lbs and it comes to about my calves. I also like that its not too tight but not too loose...it shows my curves but without saying LOOK AT ME lol. Overall a great buy and will def buy in other colors.


This dress is surprisingly amazing for the price. I ordered back and green. The green is a beautiful true "Kelly" green. I ordered one size larger which I'm glad I did. Overstretching of this smooth jersey material can be see through. However, because of the elasticity and ease of the forgiving fabric, it still hugs my curves. I am 5'9 and the length hits right above my knee. Lucky ladies who are more petite to benefit from the longer length that should hit pass right below the knee, this length is very feminime and and flattering. I will be looking at other color options, with a jacket, this dress can easily pass into cooler seasons.


Gorgeous Color!  Material is a bit thin...so I definitely need to drop a few lbs. and wear some shapewear underneath.  Definite inspiration to drop the weight...it's worth losing weight for~ definite keeper.


