This dress is gorgeous! It stretches to hug every curve of your body and is very flattering. The color is deep and rich, and the fabric is super soft. You  can dress it up for work or formal events, or you can wear it out on the town!


Very fitting. I ordered a Large and normally I am a US 12...38DDD..


Loved the dress and how it fitted but for a little more room I am going to size up with the XL in other colors


https://www.amazon.com/dp/B013LDNA04/ref=twister_B00QDGMTMC?_encoding=UTF8&th=1&psc=1


Tom's Ware Women's Classic Slim Fit Sleeveless Midi Dress TWCWD051-BURGUNDY-US XL/XXL(Tag Size XXL)


Ordered a Burgundy x-large/xx-large. Measurements are: 38-37-47


The color is awesome and the fit is great. It has plenty of stretch and give for my curves. The fabric is soft and durable and I love this dress. it's perfect for the fall and winter and will take me into January looking and feeling sexy!


Very cute, versatile dress that comes in a color for everyone. I bought 6 when they were on sale (gave one away). They wear well, wash well (either by hand or in the machine/dryer).  They absolutely run small, and you will likely benefit from shapewear unless you are built like a supermodel (in which case this dress will look horrible since it enhances curves).


This dress arrived incredibly fast.  As mentioned by other reviewers it runs small.  I am usually an XS or S, 2 or 4.  Upon the feedback of others I ordered a M.  It fits excellently and looks great except for one thing.  This is an incredibly THIN knit.  I am in excellent shape 5'8"/120 lbs.  This dress hugs every curve including my ribs, which is not something I really want to accentuate.  Also, anything worn under it shows, every single line with even the most "invisible" thong on the market, so think commando, ladies.  All of this could be alleviated if the manufacturer simply used a knit with a heavier gauge. Great design, just cheap fabric.  I'm returning this one and I may order it in a print as i figure the pattern will break up the body stocking look I got with the solid color.


I absolutely love my dress! This is my second time ordering this exact same dress. I have ordered it before and I wear it so much and I didn't want to take any chances with them selling out or it getting messed up so I ordered another. I also have it in blue!! Paired with the right blazers I look amazing every time I wear them. I will be purchasing more as this is my go to dress when I don't have a clue what else to wear!! Oh they are super soft as well. If you are not comfortable with your body you may want to stay away from this dress as it is very form fitting and hugs every curve, but that exactly what I wanted.


As other reviewers stated, this dress runs a tad bit small.  I am 5'5", 119 lbs and I ordered a medium in Burgundy and it fits beautifully.  I usually wear a 2/4/S dress but ordered up like suggested.  I could have gotten away with a small but I don't find it attractive when the side seems don't stay vertical because its pulling in the chest or booty.  It is thin material but a beautiful dress that can be worn with sandals and a jean jacket or heels and a long necklace or cute ankle boots!  Would have given it 5 stars however I did not feel sizing was spot on.


This dress is great! Fabric is nice and think, charcoal color is amazing and perfect and the length is perfect. I'm pretty short...and thick...so I was afraid an XL would be really long. But it fit all of my curves and i did not look like I was swimming in the dress. Everything i hoped for. Great dress.


Very comfortable material with a soft, t-shirt-like feel to it. Very great deal for this type of dress that you would pay much more for at a shopping mall. Snug fit so it is not sexy but defines your curves. I have a 34D bust and 30 waist with a large behind, and the med/large fit great! It was just a tad bit longer than I thought it would be. It falls directly at my knees (I'm 5'4") so I scrunched it up a bit and it looks way better than letting it lay flat!


I loooooove  it . My sweet heart loves it too :) ,  nice soft fabric and hugs my body right


