I was skeptical in buying the stress because of the price, but I am really happy about this purchase. I received yesterday and tried it on. The material is an excellent blend, not to mention, there is no see-through action going on. It is the length and provides modesty ( that is very important to me ).  I will probably by all of the colors in the near future. This dress is very flattering! This is a staple to any wardrobe. Goes great with a blazer, a cardigan or by itself.


This dress is very comfortable, im glad that I bought it. I got the grey color and you can dress it up or dress it down. The fit is perfect, im planning on purchasing other colors.


I would have loved this dress, if it was sized right. I have a size 24 waist, so I ordered the XS, and it was beyond tight, to the point that it just looks terrible! Had I known the XS was incredibly smaller than a normal XS, I wouldn't have ordered it. Bottom line - size up - they run SMALL!


This dress is gorgeous! However, if you start to sweat, it shows on the dress. I bought the  Burgundy looking dress. It's true to color and It fit perfect. I am 5' 7" and 120lbs. Also, the fabric is thin and very "unforgiving" when it comes to fat rolls. Thankfully I don't have fat rolls. But it did show my pantie line.. It even showed when I wore a thong.. So I go commando when I wear this dress(: and it looks stunning! the bra lines don't show if you are wearing a full coverage bra! The dress is not "see through" through fabric but it is thin and stretchy but soft too. I would but again!.


This dress makes me feel like I'm somebody super important, like I'm a celebrity. It hits all the right curves and it compliments them.  This dress is a little on the shear side and it has a slight smell too it. It could have been the plastic bag it was on bit that will come right out but ladies, of you need a little black dress to give you a pick-me-up, this is the dress to do it.


Ordered XXL just so it would fit a little looser. Well, it did fit, no fabric stretch lines across my rear or bust, and that's about a 42" butt measurement, 36F top.


So, it was still body con, but you could te the fabric wasn't straining. Normally I wear size 10. Green was a beautiful emerald color. Rich and deep but still good for summer.


I think you have to be pretty confident with your body to wear this dress.  It's very form fitting (as the name suggests).  The price is great, but I returned mine because I know that I am not confident enough with my stomach to be able to wear this dress in public.


I love this dress so much. It is the second dress that I purchase.  It fits perfectly and hugs every curve. It is also not see-through so that I do not have to wear a slip under.  Although panty/bra lines are highly noticeable, so if you want that flawless look you may have to find some seamless underclothes or opt out wearing some.


I’m 5 5, 130 lbs ordered an XL and it fit fine.


Use caution on any of this line with sleeves though!!! Entire line runs small.  And Understand the return policy before you order.


I ordered one size bigger than usual and it fit perfectly !


