I LOVE THIS DRESS. I got it for my birthday dinner, and I got so many compliments. I loved that I didn't have to worry about pulling it down every few seconds when I walk. It went well below my knees which I loved, but I can also pull it up if I wanted to turn it into a "club dress". I have also worn the dress to work, with no complaints from my supervisor who is a nut job about the dress code.


Tom's Ware is the BOMBDIGGITY!!! For the price, the quality EXCEEDS expectations. I get compliments GALORE from both men and women when wearing Tom's Ware dresses!!!


Beautfil style and color. Fits great as expected, I am 5"4" 127 lbx, I got the xs which was perfect. Right lenght, confortable and light.


ONLY 1 problem, material is too thing and you can see thru. Unfortunatly with these dresses I do not like to put nothing underneat, otherwise will be noticable.


I had to sent all of them back :(((((((


When I saw this I thought it was of a thicker material. That's on me. It's a fairly thin Polyester which is pretty unforgiving. It shows every underwear line and imperfection. I'm going to return it. That being said... I did go up a size which was a good call.


Poor quality material. See through.


Such a comfortable and sexy dress. It's very simple in style but you can dress it up or down. I will be buying more from this company.


This dress is adorable but.....you could see every crevice of my body when I tried it on initially. I ended up wearing a Spanx undergarment to leave a little mystery if you see what I'm saying. Overall, I still loved it and will be purchasing more in different colors. Def recommend just be prepared to wear something under it and possibly go commando :)


I love this dress!  I loved the first one I got so much, that I have since bought four colors in two sizes each.  I discovered that extra-small is a tighter mini dress on me, great for nighttime, and the regular small is a great longer, more professional dress for work.  This dress shows off all of your curves, and I mean all, so if you have any you don't want to show off, this is not the dress for you.  Warning:  What they advertise as forest green is actually a regular green.  But if they ever get the forest green one right, I will buy two sizes of that too!  So wish they had white!


Fits like a glove. I am a curvy petite, 5 foot and 115 lbs. I ordered an XS/S and it fits perfectly, it hugs the body. The fabric is thin so I wore lacy panties (Victoria Secret) and a spanx style full slip (Verona brand) under the dress and could not see any lines or bumps. I bought this dress so I could showcase some of my statement jewelry.


The green is a nice shade of green. Decent length. Thick material. Definitely would buy in more colors.


