Color is great charcoal and material worth the money. Thick not see through at all. I ordered my usual size medium but runs small, it stretches but still material is thick so the strech is not too much I'd rather get a large specially if you have big breasts. I still wore it looks good. But just barely fit.


I love this dress! Just dont wear dark panties  with it. Im a bikini or boyshort girl. The fabric is not too thin or thick at all. I bought a large for it to be a lil loose and not so bandaged up. I love it. Will buy more colors!


I loved this dress and have it in several colors, however when I recently ordered the blue one I noticed a large seam tear in the neckline on my first wear. This tear got larger and larger as the day went on. Great dress, but very poor quality I guess. Very disappointing.


The dress was thin and smelled horrible coming out of the package.  I had to send it back due to the smell, however it seamed to be sewn well.  The color was a nice deep red though. Definitely need a slip if you wear it. The fit was very fitted, but not constricting.


I'm 8 months pregnant and this dress has amazing elastic! Even after wearing several times, I will still be able to wear this after pregnancy too!


Hated the fit. I got rid of it. The material was,flimsy and the openings in the arms too big.


The product arrived in perfect condition.


It looks like the pictures shown. It is so comfortable to wear and the quality is good.


I love this dress.  I have worn it to work and to a party......It is officially my go to dress and I will likely purchase more.  I have worn it with heels and tennis shoes.  I get complimented every time I wear this dress.  I'm currently on their page looking for another.


I'm 2/4 bought a xs/s.. Looks really nice on but know its very fitted and unforgiving.. Wore with a black belt, blazer and heels.. Just bought another color.


UPDATE: I now have 6 of these dresses (pink, black, red, burgundy, green, and blue) I ordered purple but returned it since I didn't like the color on ME. It fit just as good as the others though, I just didn't like the color.


I've worn this dress twice now. Once dressed down with a kimono and sandals and another with heels and a suit jacket. I love how I can dress it up and down and still looks great. The quality is good and stretchy which hugs all the right curves. Can't beat it for the price.


