Love this dress as well as everyone else


I expected a XS not a SMALL but it fit My shape perfectly!!


It's really up to you.  You need a good bra and under garments.  Wanted to show you 2 different people with the  dress on who are both a size 14 with different body shapes.  The dress is an extra large both people are 5 foot 8


I just got this in the mail yesterday. tried it on right away and it fits lovely. I am 5'4, 190lbs (yes i know i am chunky, im working on losing weight) I ordered a XL. I plan on wearing it for new years eve with some gold accessories. i will post pix later!


I love it


Really love this dress feel like the Baddiest B!Tch in it!!! Im 5"11 and it fits perfectly!. I change up my hair with different weaves and wigs i buy from hairplayground.com and this dress just compliments my many looks!


I got many compliments on this dress. It's very soft and stretchy. I am 110 lbs 5'3'' with junk in the trunk. I ordered a medium and it fit perfectly. this dress is pretty tight so if that's not your style, I wouldn't recommend. I Will probably order more colors!


I really like this dress. However, I will say that no matter what size you get, it's probably going to be tight. I am 5'5" and about 130 lbs. I bought two sizes and ended up liking the XXL best. I shop for comfort more than anything else, which is what brought me to this dress, and it IS comfortable. If you want something super tight, order your size. If you want something semi-tight, order up two sizes. It doesn't really matter because it's tight regardless. The material is light-weight but not see through. As other reviewers have stated, it WILL SHOW EVERYTHING.  I wear specific undergarments religiously so going commando isn't really an option. I bought the dress specifically to go with jackets and cardigans though and that works great!


I love this dress!!! I am 5'3" and 148lbs and this dress compliments my figure. The jersey knit material hugs my curves in all the right places. I bought the dress for a wedding and since I bought it in black and I have dark brown hair, I dressed it up with a pink blazer and a cute necklace. LOVE IT!! Going to buy it in other colors.


I wore this dress all through my pregnancy!  It made me feel so confident and cute. It hugged me in all the right places. I got a size medium and I got one in a size large since that color was out in medium and it still fit nicely. The best part was that I could fit it even after I had the baby!


