Very nice dress. I'm about 180lbs and the large/x-large fit me like a glove which is what I wanted. This dress will not disappoint. I ordered the purple


One of my favorite dresses. This is my go to dress, I guess cause the color is so cute I have been able to mix it up with so many different type of styles. I am 5’1/125 and got a medium and it fits good. The material is great and I have washed it a bunch of times and I see no wear on the material.


5'2" 115 lbs. usually i order x small but this time is ordered a size up as advised by reviewers and it fit wonderfully. It hit below the knee as I expected. It is quite thin so you will need a slip tho!


Nice casual and conservative cut, yet tight fit. I bought the small and so it is tight and whatever you have you see. So if you want a little room MAYBE go a size up but I'm not sure how much bigger a size up is. I would like to see how a medium fits but am ok at this size.  I'm 5'6' and 145lbs slender/athletic with average bust and but. If you have bigger bust and but you will want to size up.  Arrived timely and adequately packaged


The dress is very comfortable and very soft. It is cut narrow more so than I was expecting and the material is very thin, your underpant line will defiantly show with this material. I wish the fabric was a double thickness instead of a single thickness it might help with the underpant line issue. The current quality it feels more like a dress you would wear to the pool as a coverup vs a dress you would wear everyday. With a few minor corrections it could be a 5 star.


Great dress. I pair it with everything. After a few washes, it's getting little lint balls all over it so keep in mind that it wont be a go-to option for anything but casual after a while.


It's a very simple dress, I think that if you're going to wear it to work you should do so with a blazer. But the material feels really good, and it has a great length. Love how stretchy it  is. I am 5'7, 36DD, and 147 lbs, I ordered a large fearing that a medium would be too small. I'm going order another color in size medium. I think it might be just fine.


While I love the dress - if the size is an XXL then my name is Marilyn Monroe.  Didn't note the cut off date to return dress until September 12 - while cut off date was September 6.  Another lesson learned by an almost 80 year old woman.  Next time try the darn thing on ASAP after receiving,


Looks great, fits wonderfully, nice material, not see through. Recommend Shapewear for a perfectly smooth silhouette. Already ordering in other colors. I'm 5'7" and a US size 14/16 and ordered the XL/XXL and it fits perfectly. Measurement chart is spot on. UPDATE:  Purchased another in dark green. Was hoping for a very dark green like in picture but it's emerald green. Still like it very much and it fits just like my first purchase.


Great dress! I wore it today for my anniversary and he proposed! So I guessed he must of really liked it as well haha


