This dress only looks good in picture. I was so disappointed when I received it. The color looked washed out and the fabric is awful- cheap and flimsy. Don't buy! Don't waste your money!


I love the color and the fit


I want sure when I opened it- looked a bit big and maybe ....grandma-y? I'm SO GLAD I tried it on though!!! GORGEOUS and very unique. Classy and great  for the price. Sturdy material, well made.  I'm 5'6" 120lbs. I usually wear a small but but got medium and it fits beautifully.


I love this dress! I am huge body con fan and currently 3 months pregnant and wanted something I can wear throughout the pregnancy. I never wore maternity clothes before just things with stretch. This dress is perfect such a nice soft stretchy material. I would say it is well made and fits wonderful. I got a small in grey and am so pleased. I will definitely order from this company again!


The dress is not bad at all, but it is much smaller than expected and I ordered a size larger. It also is shorter than it appears in the photo. I'll find something to wear with it so I'll keep it, but I will not order this dress again in other colors as I had planned.


I like the dress; very easy to dress up or down. I have a bit of a pear shape so while the dress was flattering, there's definitely no room for 'error'. Recently had a baby and it unfortunately clings to all the jiggly bits but was easily covered with a cardigan. Shapewear is suggested if you have any parts you don't want accentuated.


I like the dress but the sizing is way off but the materiel has a soft hand against the skin. I'm a 6P or XS/S but even even sizing up, the dresses were too small.


It fit like a glove. Made me feel like a million dollars & I received compliments from men & women. Would order in every color if available.


My bed got me this dress for an event we were attending and I Love this dress. It fits great. But I will admit it is a bit thin but it's not see through.


Must have for any woman! In (almost) all the colors!


I ordered a size small/medium I am 5'9" 155lbs. I wanted it to be a little tight, and it is exactly what I wanted! It is the perfect amount of stretchy! It stretches without letting out. If you have a little bit of curve, it is perfect to show it off!


