This dress is basically a single piece of fabric - with no lining, no shaping, nothing.  It's super soft, but hugs every single part of your body...bra lines, belly button, underwear lines...everything.  This just isn't the dress for a 'mom bod' and I generally think I'm in good shape!


I love this dress. It is form fitting, comfortable, and sexy. I am 5'7, 200 lbs, 38d and normally wear a 14, and the xl fits me perfectly. Hugs my curves all the right way and stops just below my knees. Will be purchasing this in more colors. Highly recommended at this time. It remains to be seen how the fabric will hold up overtime to washes and wear.


Feels so soft and fits great.  However it looks likr it shrunk a little in the wash and I used cold water. I may need to hand wash this instead because it may be the detergent i throw in the machine? Anyway, I would count this as my own error and I am petite so this was not too bad for me.  I plan to purchase other colors in the future.


Unfortunately I had to return. These dress was so form fitting it showed every lump, bump, and role. I could probably size up but at this time I'm going to pass. (I don't really need any more dresses!) Other than it being too tight, the material was very soft. It was not see through and it came down past my knees. I'm 5'6". Good quality, I just needed to size up, that's why I'm only giving it 3 stars.


Cheap looking and fit. But for the price what do u expect. I wear this under jackets and dusters so it is somewhat masked. Wouldn’t wear this just outright as a dress.


Beautiful fabric feel.. tiny AF.


I'm not a stick.. but I'm also not large.


I got a medium... Nope.


I think I'd need a XL-XXL for proper fit.


Also, if you're not a stick.. don't get this.  It shows everything.


And I have a small tummy....from food, not babies..  it made me want to go run in the treadmill for a day.


I bought this dress for a dinner date. After losing 100lbs I had no LBD anymore! It was super cute, but a little clingy. The date didn't seem to mind though. For it being sleeveless it was quite warm, which surprised me as I was stripping off the wrap I had worn with it for a January dinner out in Toronto, ON, but I still love it!


Love it!  I wear it under my low cut dresses, shirts, and blouses.  Anything that I have that is sheer, I also put it on.  I will be buying another one soon one is not enough for me.  I'm always putting it on to cover my body in some way.


Very disappointed in the fabric content, extremely thin. It fit's too tight for anyone that does not look like a tooth pick. Returned it with a quickness.


I LOVE this dress. Its definitely a body contouring dress and is a little thin. Definitely need to wear seamless undies and nipple covers instead of a bra or it ill show through. I get lots of compliments on it. Its great.


