This was my NYE go to outfit. I had a few options and decided on this one due to the length and fit- I wanted it below the knee.  I'm 5'4 130lbs and ordered the large to avoid any unwanted stretching or sheerness. It was perfect! Fitted in all of the right places. I dressed it up with necklace, earrings, silver shoes and received a lot of compliments.


LOVE THIS DRESS! Bought two... will be buying one in every single color!  It fits wonderfully as expected and the fabric is thick and not see-through  in the slightest, which is great for wearing body shapers or undergarments underneath.  I am 5'7" and approximately 170 lbs (kind of curvy) and ordered size medium/large.  I've washed it and there was no fade in color or shrinkage.  Excellent purchase for a minimal price!


I ABSOLUTELY loved it!


✔️Quality: The material was way better than I thought.


✔️Fit:  fits GREAT! I bought a size or 2 larger to wear under a suit jacket for work.  But, I'm now buying my size to wear at the beach, night on the town!


✔️Fashionable: The versitility of this dress is EPCI! ❤️


Nice comfy dresses.  Basically true to size.  Fits snug, which makes it sexy. Just wear body shapers underneath if necessary.


Nice soft material.  Can accessorize dresses for casual or dressy wear.


I bought two; charcoal and black.  Black is a little longer in length though.


Happy with my purchases.


I am 104 lb. and usually wear a 4-6 and ordered the medium but it was WAY to small. It also is very form fitting so unless you wear a seamless bodyshaper  or don't care, nothing is left to the imagination. I would have possibly been able to wear their XL


Love it! Nice gray color, as pictured. Ordered a M/L and it is a tight bodycon fit (which is what i wanted and expected). I am a size 11/12, 5'9", 175 lbs, thick and curvy. Lands right below knee. It is super cute and can be dressed up or down! Got it for $9.99, so I was even more hype!


Bought burgundy and taupe and both are soft and very snug.  Can see undies and bra, as well as the haildamage on the quarter panel of you catch my drift.  Will look great with a long cardigan.


I'm 5'4" 140 lbs and purchased a S/M. This dress is form fitting without being obscene, and not see through. It hit just below the knee. I also bought it in black & the fit was the same.


It’s nice, just skin tight. You have to find shapwewr to go under it that doesn’t have seams. Otherwise you can not wear undies without the lines showing.


The blue color was as vibrant as pictured. The material is a nice soft stretchy cotton. It was just a simple summer tank dress. I thought I could dress it up with a blazer for church but it was too body hugging for my liking. Not forgiving at all if you don't have a flat stomach. If you have a nice toned figure this would be a versatile dress for you.


