Fits beautifully! I am 5'2 and this went right under my knees. the material is soft, NOT cheap and very comfortable. I was afraid that it would be see through, but that was not the case. I usually buy small, but after reading the reviews decided to go one size up and I am so glad I did. the small might have been too tight! like uncomfortably tight. this dress is perfect because you can throw on some sandals and pull off the casual Sunday look or put some heels on and you have a classy, sleek look.  I will definitely be getting more colors! great buy!


I ALBSOLUTELY LOVEEE THESE DRESSES! So much that I bought them in two colors and am looking to add more. They dresses fit really really right, which I love because I am such a skinny girl that this actually shows my curves! If you're not looking for something that clings to your body and shows every detail of your body, I'd say go with a much larger size. I wear these for work because they are a great length so it's professional, but it fits my body like a glove and it makes me feel super sexy in them without showing too much skin.


I am 5'5 and 105 lbs.


This dress is awesome for the price. It's very stretchy and fits true-to-size if you want a more form-fitted dress. I would size up if you like a looser fit. I'm 5'4", 130 lbs, and I got a small (it's form-fitting on me). I love this dress because you can dress it up or down. I added a statement necklace and wore it to a wedding, but I also plan on adding a scarf and sweater for fall. It would also be great with a jacket for work. It's a great buy for the price!


I bought the blue in M/L based on the size chart. I liked the size but it was honestly a bit tight in the bust/hip area. I wear 36 C, and my hips are 40 inches. I decided to buy the XL in black instead. I'm 5'2" and the dress hit about 2 inches below my knees, which I liked. Will update my review when I receive.


I'm 5'6" and measure a curvy 44-34-44 I usually wear a large or 12 clothing, but I ordered xl in this. It's really nice, but beware, it fits like a glove and will show every single lump or bump under it. Undergarments should be chosen wisely, if at all. Cellulite, bloat day, rolls, or anything you may consider as an imperfection will be accentuated in this dress.


Finally got the chance to wear this dress. It was cute. I'm currently rocking my baby bump and took the chance wearing this tight-fitting number to dinner. Works well. My only complaint is that it rides up. Not sure why. Maybe u need a size up.


Wowsa!  A lot more sexy than I anticipated being it's a tank dress and not a mini.  Haha.  The material is thin and it's very form fitting, more form fitting that you're imagining in your mind right now, I put it on and I felt slightly exposed as nothing was left to the imagination at all besides now my skin is grey. LOL.  However, I was okay with it.  I felt sexy in it. BUT...I purchased this as a casual dress that I could wear around town and to the office maybe on days off work that was form fitting (i.e sexy but not looking overtly like I was trying to be sexy). This dress is overtly and obviously sexy.  I'm not sure I'll actually wear this anywhere, but I'll keep it in the closet in case I have a hot date.


Love it! Super soft material! I typically wear a size 2 and medium top. So I ordered a small/medium size. It fit like a glove!


Very form fitting. I'm 5'8, and it falls just below my knee. Cannot wait to show it off!


I love this dress! Bought black to be safe. I am 5'3" 145 lbs. & I got a large. Got a little more fat to lose in the belly, but I will definitely get more colors! ❤️❤️❤️


Dress fit amazing! I'm 5'6 and 140 lbs. Accentuated every curve (and bulge smh lol). Wore to my brothers wedding and got sooo many compliments. I bought a second color. Definitely will continue shopping with them!


