AMAZING! 5'3, 130 Pounds....hope that helps.


These Tom's ware slim fit dresses run big, if you are a size 8 or 9-11 in juniors, order a small.


Would have a better rating but the woman I bought it for died before she could wear it for me, so I can't say just how good it fit.


There are no words! This dress is HOT!! I wore it last weekend & I got so much attention. Women and men were giving me compliments. I am 63", 118lbs, 32D, and ordered small.


I do not get the color dress you buy it


Just got my dress today for a wedding and its GREAT some say you can see through it but you cant and if you buy it get your reg dress size the only thing is you will see bra and panty lines because it clings to your body other than that its a gd dress im 5'6 and 165lbs i got an XL and it fits me to the T so dnt let other post discourage you try it I will be buying another dress....hope this helps


Love these dresses, they are perfect for pregnant ladies who don't mind showing off the baby bump. You don't have to holdout belly it to show it off. I ordered a large which came in extra large being 6 months pregnant they fit great, not too short and I will be able to wear them after he gets here, a stretchy jersey knit maternity. It does show impressions of bra lines, panty lines and any imperfections you may have. I usually buy large in clothes because I don't like them being too tight, 5ft 5in is my height. My only complaint is the "khaki" dress is more of a sage green (dull green) color, is slightly see through but not super noticeable. The "teal" is more of a blue then the green blue which I'm okay with.


I will be returning this garment. Ordered in an XL expecting a bit of snug fit.  I am 5'11" and about 210 lbs for reference on size.  The problem isn't the size, it is the fabric. This thing is so thin and sheer that my BLACK bra and panties under the Black dress, show through.  Not something I would wear in public.  Also the side seems were un even. one was 2 inches back from where the other was.


Just not a quality product at all.  Spendy at half the cost by my estimation.


Awesome dress! I read almost all of the reviews before I made my purchase and I must say everyone was dead on. I purchased the Green in a large to accommodate for my large rack, the dress is still formfitting. And yes if you have any type of love handles they will show. It was a bit longer on me since I only stand at 5'2.


I am in love with the fit and feel of this dress!!! I have bought them in about four colors now, I bought a medium large, but probably could have done a small /medium, because the material is super stretchy. It's also a really comfortable dress to wear. It feels like jersey knit, so comfortable. I'm 5"7 and the dress came past my knees, but looked fabulous with a pair of high heels. I wore the green one last night and got so many compliments. What I also like about the dress is it made me look so much slimmer. If you're going to wear this dress, wear shapewear underneath. It's a form fitting dress and although the material isn't thin, it will show any lumps and bumps you may have in the waist and stomach. Lucky for me I don't have much of an issue there, but I do have some thighs and a bum, and the dress was long and slimming on me. I recommend this dress for anyone who isn't afraid to wear a formfitting dress, and show off their curves. I bought this dress in green, red,  and wine so far, and I'm buying a black and one next.


