Love the way this firs & the material is so comfortable,.. The color is beautiful but I will definitely be ordering in more colors!!!!


Very sexy


If you have a fit hourglass shape, this dress is for you! This exceeds my expectations in fit and material. This dress is not forgiving in the least bit. You must be in shape because it shows everything & I LOVE it! Make sure you do lunges, squats and an ab workout before putting it on because this dress hits every curve from your shoulders to below your knees.


Length falls below the knee, material is snug but not too tight if you buy the correct size, can be sexy or made conservative if worn with a blazer. I have a few pounds I need to lose so @ 5'6  37-29-46, I purchased the M-L size.


p.s I tried this on with bra & panty & saw every seam. Then I tried it on with a a full body seamless shaper that goes to the knees & viola! Magic. smooth silhouette.


I will be ordering the blue, red & other colors next! Can't beat the price or the rapid shipping! Ordered on Sat, Nov 8th after 6pm & received it Sunday in my mailbox @ noon.


The style and color is just as shown on the website. Nice style and color. It hugs the curves and is flattering to figure. The shipping was swift and item arrived in good condition. I am giving it a 3 star because the material is thin and one can see through the material in the lower part of the dress. Underwear lines also shows through easily.


I have purchased several of these dresses in various colors. LOVE love them all. Good quality and great price. Never loses shape and hugs the curves just right! I'm 5/10 and it fits perfectly just at the knee


Thin but okay


I'm 5'7 and 135 lbs and I got the xsmall/small in red (which is a blood red, not a bright red.) It's tight fitting and comes right past my knees. Looks super cute on! Will def be buying more colors.


Good quality, lots of stretch, not see through. Ordered a L and it fits perfectly. I will be ordering all colors now!


Just OK


I got a extra large went up in size perfect fit love this wore it with a blazer fit like a glove will buy again can be dress up or down wore to a graduation so many compliment


