I'm 5'8", 135 pounds. I purchased a large in hopes that it wouldn't be TOO snug. It's perfect! It is snug but not so much that everything shows. It falls right above my knees. I'm very pleased with this dress and for the price? You can't beat it! I hope it holds up well.


I absolutely love this dress! I am 5'3" and 170 and with my girdle of course... it looks amazing! You can dress it up or wear it causal.


This is one those "sisterhood of the traveling pants" type of dresses; take a look at the pics people have posted. Everyone can wear it and it fits them but looks slightly different (true story my besties and I had a skirt in college we ALL wore and we range from size 4-14). The only reason I took a star off is that the dress is little thin, I was hoping for something a little heavier. The color I purchased (deep red/maroon) isn't see-through but I'm sure a lighter color would be.


I am 5' 7" tall about 138lbs. Bought a large and fit perfectly. However, this material is not flattering. It is a slinky, mold to your body fit. You have any rolls(and I do) you see them even with control top panty hose.


I will keep these for nights I go out with my husband but I can't wear these to work- they are SKIN tight and really thin and almost see through.  Disappointing..


Loved it so much I bought the grey one and now the purple one.  It is a bit see through but I wear a sweater over the pink one.  The grey one is is dark enough not to see my bra.  I throw a skirt over it and head to work.  I will be buying more.


I bought it in black a small/medium. I have a small top and waist and big thighs and butt. (Coke bottle shap). I wear small in tops and a 10 in bottoms. I did wear a blazer with it because it was Very sexy. I love it and my husband loves it. Now let me pick another color!


This is one of those dresses that you can easily dress up or down and wear anytime of year. So comfortable and not see through at all. It literally feels like you're wearing pj's it's so cozy! I bought another one in gray and will continue to buy more colors. This is a staple for everyone's closet.


Purchased the Grey dress. It is perfect. Feels like a favorite t shirt but is a dress. I was looking for something cute and flattering for hot weather but would look great with a cardigan in the fall or spring. Leggings looks great with this too. Perfect. 136 lb, 5'6 got the medium. Fits flattering and is business causal/work appropriate. Thank you.


It is stretchy material. So it hugs your body. I am 172 lbs. 5'6 and I ordered a Medium/Large. An extra large would not have been too big it probably would fit the same because it is stretchy material and It comes below the knees. The packaging was decent and the arrival time was good. I did not have to wait a whole month. I will be ordering from Tom's Ware in the future.


