I like this dress. It's super cute. I'm 5'3" and it falls right below my knees. The tight fit is just right. Hugs every curve. I did purchase the purple and khaki. The purple has a slight pink undertone. The khaki one looks more olive than khaki. It has no brown tubes to it at all. So maybe the should label it olive. One was ripped under the arm. Not visible, still don't want a ripped product.


Good stretch. This dress could be worn to the office with the transition of evening wear with the right heels and accessories.


Update: I purchased the hot pink one. Got it today. Let's just say it's not hot pink. More dark pink, closer to red in color. Cute. Not the pink I was expecting. It's not bright at all.


I know one thing...I look sexy as hell in this dress. All EYES on me!! LOL


Love this dress. Received a lot of compliments. Very very tight. Will show off any panty lines...stocking help with this. I have the same in wine color. Beautiful colors, love the green.


This dress is so cute. I got tons of compliments on the fuschia colored one, and will be ordering a couple more colors. It is thin, as expected, and won't work for the intended purpose, but WOW, did I turn heads today at work (teehee), couoled with a flowy white and black striped jacket of similar material. I am 5'8", and 190lbs, and I got the XXL, which hugged all the rights spots and draped quite nicely over my curves.


The stitching and quality of the fabric was fantastic. It's kind of a single layer jersey feel; very soft.


I will revise my review if I have issues after washing it, but I will be washing it in a lingerie bag, of course.


Fits perfect


I'm 5'6" and 128#'s - the small was perfect. For the price, this dress was stunning and Yes, the material is quite thin so had to wear spanx but it was so slimming and with the rich forest green color- Ill be purchasing the black next!!


Fits amazing! Extremely comfortable and sexy. I wore this for a baby shower that I hosted after loosing 11lbs in 12 weeks! I was so overwhelmed with all the compliments that I got. This dress definitely gave the Big Bang after my weighloss :) Definitely buying more in different colors!! You can't go wrong with this dress!


Fit perfect!!!


I have had this dress sitting in my cart for a few months now.  I finally decided to purchase it, hoping that it would be what I needed.  Unfortunately it is very small and thin.  This combo lead to it also being  see-through.  The material is very soft and the color is exactly as pictured.


I loved this dress!!


I am 5'2, 125 (give or take) and I ordered the S/M. I have received about 5 of these dresses, just different colors. They fit perfectly! Not too tight or loose. I wear them for work, and everyone loves them.  I feel sexy and sophisticated in them.  My boyfriend loves how they curve to my body.  I love the material.  I'm buying 2 every payday until I have all the colors and styles. :)  Happy Shopping Ladies!!


