LOVE THIS DRESS! I am 5'2", petite but curvy, and the dress fit perfectly. I ordered a medium to consider my wide hips (39") and bust ( 34"). I got so may compliments and the dress really gives me that sexy street look I've been looking for. The material is a bit cheap feeling but it has not fallen apart or anything and it isn't to thin.


This dress is perfect! It fit like a glove and is of great quality for the price. I was worried that it would be see through, but that was not the case. I am strongly considering getting the same dress is other colors!!


Tom's Ware is my favorite sellers!!


Clothes are comfy,  true to color, sizes and always arrive in good condition and on time!


I'm 5'7 165 loved this dress got many compliments - the material is thick and compliments ur features- it really sticks to your body so keep in mind ur under garments have to be lightly lined


Perfect dress. Love how it fit snug. I am a size 14 so I will need spanx under it but it shows all of your curves. I'm buying other colors.


Wonderful dress! I loved it so much that I bought three of them. I'm 5'0" and weigh 128 I chose size M. The size was perfect.


Ordered Oct 30 got it Nov 6. Not true burgundy more like a berry color. Very soft and stretchable. I could have possibly gotten a small. Does show all panty lines. Only shows back bra lines. Could possibly pull off control top hosiery very light to hide tummy. Material is very soft and comfortable and breathable


I am extremely disappointed in the length, can I say EXTREMELY.  I have purchased two other Tom's ware dresses in this style and the lengths were consistently midi length.  They were well below the knee for me and I am 5'3''.  Most recently, I purchased this dress in black and it is over 3.5 inches shorter than the others.  It is difficult to find consistency when shopping online and I thought I had found it with Tom's Ware.  I'm not sure if the shorter length is a cost savings measure, but I am extremely disappointed and now do not know that I can trust this particular style, or company to be consistent.  I thought I found a true midi dress, but I suppose not anymore. It's disappointing, especially when the other to dresses were perfect. I do not like dresses that fall just at the knee or right under the knee cap.  That is why I wanted a midi dress, but this dress, in black, is not midi length. Disappointing...


This is a form fitting and very comfortable dress. It hugs every inch, so everything underneath will be outlined. I'm 5'8" and 115lbs, 35,25,35 and I ordered the Medium. It fits perfectly, although "tight"... I'm not sure if going up a size would make it less flattering, or slightly more business appropriate. If you have a large bust (c+) this pulls a bit between the bust and the arm, thus without a jacket it's not a top choice for a conservative event. With a jacket, etc, it would be fine. If you are the least bit bloated, everyone will know ;) The fabric is super soft and not too thin. I ordered the Charcoal and it's a great color. Will definitely order more, but in dark colors.


Whore it for my birthday,simple but cute when dressed up


