I am 5'8" and 140#, 34A...ordered the S/M and it fit perfect.  This is super stretchy so size can be flexible.  Length is great, went down to my knees, although it rode up a bit when I walked.  This material didn't show colored or printed underwear/bras and only slight panty lines.


love the dress but i should have ordered down a size I am normally between a medium/large and since its stretchy I ordered it figuring it would fit over my 5 month pregnant belly.  To my surprise it was loose!  I will grow into it Im sure, but for future purchases because i want this in more colors i am going to go for a smaller size. I am 5'4" 157 lbs right now


This dress has quickly become a go-to for work. It's sleeveless, but the straps are thick enough that I'm able to wear it in my business casual office in the summer. It'll also look cute with a cardigan once it gets cooler. I'm planning to order lots of other colors soon. The dress fits as expected.


Stretchy and comfortable. The fabric is softish, so comfortable against your skin, but as it's also somewhat thin, I'd advise wearers to first smooth themselves with foundational undergarments, if they worry about that sort of thing. Because it's so plain, it's easy to dress up or down with combinations of jackets, footwear, and jewelry.


You can also choose to make it more or less conservative with your choice of accessories as well.


I was excited to get this dress as the reviews appeared positive on here. When it arrived I threw it on and was really disappointed. The material is the cheap clingy stretch jersey type, and is skin tight. The fabric did feel light and breathable but after a few washes I doubt it will hold up. Don't waste your money on this one, I am sending it back.


I really was surprised! The material is is soft and not see through! It fits very well and I would have given it five stars,except it hangs to loose at the bottom of the dress.I had hoped it would form to my legs.However,I think I can fix it ! I think a smaller size would have been better,but I ordered a large,due to the fact that they didn't have a  medium in black.I'm still happy with my purchase and will definitely order from this company again.


Way too small.


I usually wear small/extra small, ordered medium, shoulders a  good fit but hips are stretched really tight and uncomfortable


I am 5'7" and weigh 128.


Thin, thin, thin fabric.  More like wearing a girdle/slip than a dress. Ridiculous. For the amount of fabric you get, this should sell at the 99 cent store! This dress is like a sausage casing.  Only question is will you look like a bratwurst or a summer sausage!  Sending this back immediately.


I bought this dress for my daughter. When it arrived she text me a picture, she's beautiful in read. The dress was a perfect fit. I had ordered a dress from another company a little cheaper, even though it was very pretty she had to send it back wasn't the length she wanted. So she told me she has several dresses from Tom's Ware. She choose the red dress and no complaints when it arrive or tried it on. Like I said Perfect Fit. Her words, you can't go wrong with Tom's Ware!!  She and I will be getting dresses from Tom's.


I LOVE THIS DRESS it fits perfectly and the material isnt super thin which I half expected. I plan to wear it to work with a button down underneath and it looks great. it hits at the knees and is very flattering. I'm 5'8 36in bust 28in waist 41inch hip and I ordered a Large. I will def. buy another in black for work and maybe try different colors in the future.


