I'm 5'2'' about 110lbs.  The XS/S was way too tight for me.  I'm all about a form fitting dress but this just didn't flatter my body.  The kaki color that I ordered was more of a light army green which is far from what the picture shows.  I'm trying the Meaneor Women's Classic Slim Fit Sleeveless Midi instead.


Very form fitting, but super stretchy. An easy basic dress for your closet. Material is cheaper and thinner, but not see-through or anything. Prob wont last super long just based on the material its made of, but for the price its sufficient to wear under a long cardigan or blazer.


I love this dress. I a 5 foot 4 inches as 110 pounds and this dress fits me perfectly. Only thing is you will need to wear a slip and no undies because of the thin material


The dress is really nice and I’ve purchased different dresses of the same brand but the dress I ordered was supposed to be pink and it’s peach ... two different colors!  Disappointed!  I need a pink dress, an actual pink dress.  This is not it. I will keep it because the fit is nice but now im on the hunt for a dress of similar style and fit but actually pink in color.


I'm 5'9, 125lbs and a 32D. I got the sky blue, and it is a gorgeous color. Since I am tall I love the length. The material is very thin and you will have to go panty-less if lines bother you. It is unforgiving and will show everything, so take that into account!


It is a beautiful dress, but the material is way too thin to wear outside the house for any body type. It looks great in the photos, but in-person, it isn't such a great look. A size larger may be a better look. I returned mine. His 3/4 sleeve dress is a better dress, the material isn't t-shirt thin.


Got this dress so fast,I was shocked !!.: ) . From the reviews I thought i ordered to small, but it fit just the way I like it.


I am 5'6" 159 lbs 37 31 40 and with a Spanx slip this dress was perfect.. I got the medium/large.. yes the fabric is lightweight but soft and really nice!the Burgundy was a beautiful color! hope this review helps


DO NOT DO IT! I followed their size chart, went a size up from what I normally get and it's still too small. And the material really isn't breathable.


I'm 5' 10" and 159 lb and usually wear M, but I read reviews and got L and it fits perfectly! I'm putting somewhat small because I would expect M to fir me, not L. I wanted it to be below knee long, but it's right about knee-long... I knew what I was getting into though. I'm tall.


The fabric is very soft and not transparent at all. Color is rich and beautiful. I so recommend this dress for casual occasions or even with dressy jackets!


fit perfectly. i ordered a medium in case though most times i normally wear a small. am 5.4 and weigh close to 135lbs. the material is very good, not see through and soft. going to order in other colours.


