I like the dress. It fits very well and the material is extremely breathable. I ordered this dress in both the gray and pink. However, the dresses have a weird smell to them.  I suggest hand-washing after opening to get rid of the smell before wearing. I also suggest wearing seamless undergarments as the dresses show everything and I do mean EVERYTHING! Other than that, the dresses are comfortable and true to size.


I wear a size 12 and this dress was awful on me.  Very clingy................and very cheap; I guess I got what I paid for; I sent it back in a quick and a hurry.


I feel like one hot bitch in this dress. A 9 year old boy called me "smoking hot," and a female cashier at Little Caesars hit on me. I got hit on by grown men too, but I felt those two were noteworthy. I have a 22 inch waist, so its hard for me to find a dress tight enough to show that off (I know, wah wah poor me) but this one did the trick.


too blah & boring....should have stuck with a basic color black or gray to throw on with some sneakers...sent back.


Wowsa, well this is close!  Leaves precious little to the imagination - hangs onto every curve.  Nice dress but I wouldn't dare wear it to work - night out stuff only and only on your best bod days.  If I didn't live so far away I would return for a larger size.  I'm 5' 5" 130 lbs. 37-30-38 and ordered a small-medium.  Definitely order a size up.


After reading reviews I purchased a size up. The dress fit perfectly and is very comfortable. I have purchased 3 of this style now as they are simple and can be worn both in the office, or out to dinner/dancing/date night.


So thin you can actually see through it.  I can not wear it as a dress...I will have to use it as a coverup on the boat.


I ordered the medium which is US Small so it fit perfect because I'm about 5'6 and 145lbs and I wear a size small. Yes I would recommend this dress to any classy woman! :)


I was looking for a sleek ,and sexy dress for my upcoming Birthday Celebration when I came across this lovely number. I am a 5'6 curvy girl ,and this dress fits like a glove. It stops right below my knee and the material is great for summer, spring, and fall wear. I will deffently be ordering this dress again in several colors. Shipping was fast took only 3 business days! I am happy I stumbled upon this treasure.


Super flattering and looks great on! I always wear body shaping underwear under my tight dresses so I had no panty or bra line and the colors I got are not see through.


