Absolutely love this dress! Can't beat the price. I'm a true 2 and an XS fit perfectly!


OMG.!!! When I say this dress is stunning.....I MEAN IT.!! Im 5'4 1/2 and a 132 pounds. I kinda have some "behind". lol but as far as my frame goes..its small and curvy. So im not a plain jane. but sheesh I wore this out and I turned heads! lol My boyfriend was liking that his girl was getting some attention but lets just say the other women in the room were not so enthused that their guys were stealing peeks! Kmsl..I ordered in an Xsmall and in the green! WILL DEF be buying again in different colors! One of my fav dresses ever BY FAR! Whenever I wear again I will update my review with a picture. The first night I wore it went by so fast I didnt have time to snap a pic! lol


STYLE NOTE: I wore with brown combat boots and a thin golden waist belt. PERFECT!!


I have this dress in black and, apart from it being too thin and sheer for my liking, and thus requiring a slip underneath, it is very flattering and comfortable.  I ordered it in red, and the material appears to be different, thicker, but bunches up around the waist and does nothing for me.  So the red I will be returning.  $20.00 is a bit steep for this dress - only worth about $9.00-$12.00, I'd say, because the material is so thin.  I still plan on ordering other colors, and if they fit as does the black dress, I will keep them.


I ordered one of these dresses back in November for a wedding. It was perfect I ordered Burgundy and it was perfect, fit and all. I just ordered three more ( black, green and blue) because summer is almost here and I go to a lot of summer get togethers and wanted to have a variety of color to choose from. Well the dresses show up very quickly which was wonderful the colors look amazing and they seem to be the same length as the original however they all are labeled TAM’S wear instead of TOMS wear. The quality of the fabric feels cheaper as well. I did try them all on and only one seems like it’s a little short. Debating sending them back. Very strange. I would have given 5 stars had the labels and fabric all been consistent.


Love it!


True to its size. Perfect fit


I was surprised at how cute this dress is. It's a nice soft material (not see through or shiny!), but it does feel a bit small. I'm 5'7, 130lbs, 34C and I ordered a large. It's perfect in the bust area; however, it's quite snug around my hips. To be expected with a slim fit dress; however, if you're looking for a slightly looser fit, size up! This also hits me right at the knee, so I wouldn't exactly call it 'midi' length. Overall, it's a great dress to wear with heels for date night or flip flops for the beach.


Beautiful color but had to return. I'm an XS in all my tops and an XS or S (depending on brand and style). I tried this on (the Small) and it was super tight. I have an athletic build but even my husband said it wasnt fitted in a pleasant way. Returning.


For reference , I'm 5'0/108lbs/34A


Compared to other dresses I've purchased on Amazon, this one wasn't the best sized. Definitely makes one look top/chest heavy.


When this dress arrived I was a little disappointed as I thought it would be cheap based on the way it looked right out of the package. Nonetheless I gave it a shot and tried it on and much to my pleasent suprise it fit beautifuly!  It holds every curve and hits at the knee, one might want to consider wearing seemless undies as it is a little thin.


I bought this dress in the teal and burgundy colors in M/L.  The tags said L for both.  I'm 5'6" and wear size 10/12 pants and dresses, and M/L shirts.  These dresses were skin tight and showed every imperfection, and the fabric was a thin, slinky rayon/spandex/cotton modal type fabric.  I do plan on re-ordering a size up (L/XL) and will update this review at that point.  The colors I purchased were simply gorgeous, and I loved the look of the dress.


