I usually wear a size 14/Large. I ordered a double XX just to make sure. It fit me skin tight. So if someone really wears a XX — this would be waaayyy too small.


once again everybody don't live skin tight clothes, way to tight for size, I'm quite sure I didn't order small so the one you send to me enlarge it about 5 times and it'll fit. REMENBER YOU CAN ALWAYS MAKE THINGS SMALLER BUT NOT BIGGER.


Wish the color was TRULY like the picture


The fabric is very thin and therefore shows everything. However they didn't have the size I was looking for and I jumped a size up. I'm glad I did, because the dress isn't as tight and compensates for the fabric thickness or the lack of it.


I liked the fit of this dress but I didnt particularly care for the material. It was a little too clingy and hugged my body a little too tight. And this wasnt due to a sizing issue, it was really a material issue.


Nice material.. but could have been a bit thicker. fits great,  true to size, has a lot of stretch. Length is perfect.


Cute for a breakfast at Tiffany's event I went to.  It fits small, but I ordered a size up because the help with the reviews.


The material is simple jersey knit and is very soft, but not very flattering.  I ordered black and it still shows every imperfection.  Not sure if I'll wear it again unless I had another Audrey Hepburn reason to.  I had to suck in the whole time I had it on.


The fit of the item was a but too small but I'll say that's my fault because I didn't account for the fact that I'm a bit hippy BUT the fabric was too thin for me.


Dress is beautiful! I'm size 6/medium 5'8 and ordered size large thinking it  would run small. I was mistaken. It fits as expected. The dress is tight and shows any imperfection on body.


Obsessed with this dress. Need to buy 2 in every color. Perfect fit. I'm 5'10" and it hits right below my knee. I'm a size 14-16 and I got the 2 XL, it is perfect with a Spanx slip (no visible belly line). Ideal for office-to-dinner date dressing. Could even be worn to a wedding with the right accessories.


