Read reviews and ordered a size up but should have done two sizes up. Returning and ordered a size large/XL. I typically wear mediums with 34dd, 5'2, and 136lbs. I originally ordered the medium/large hoping it would work. Going to try the large/XL to see if that fits better.


As other reviews said, hard to wear anything with this as it is form fitting. You would have a VPL with no matter what you wear. Can't complain for the price.


This dress is great. I normally wear a small/2 in dresses so I purchased the XS/Small and it fits perfectly. And it falls just below the knee. It hugs every contour of my body while not not being to revealing or inappropriate for work or other functions demanding a more modest attire. Dressed up with a blazer or a cardigan it is perfect for occasions like that. I bought the black one and the material its made with isn't too thin or thick and its perfect for summer or spring. Unlike some dresses that can be stepped into the neck is reinforced with a non-stretchy material so it has to go over your head. Will show panty lines so a thong is best. Will definitely be buying other colors


This dress is amazing. I actually have tape measure so I took my measurements and matched them to a size. I'm 5'8, 36D, 43 hip 35 waist. I wear a 6-8 in bottoms or size 10 dress. I ordered hot pink in an xl and its perfect. You can see you pantie line around the hip area but I recommend spanx or equivalent of that will bother you. Smoothed everything out. I will definitely be ordering more colors.


I love the dress, and it was sewn very well, the only problem was an odor came with the package.  I immediately washed the dress and dryed, and the smell was gone.


Very soft. Fits great and is very feminine. Classic cut. I suggest buying a larger size I'd there's a concern about all your contours being visible.


I really like this dress. I was surprised that the material was pretty thick which is great. I love that I can dress this simple little dress up and tone it down according to events. I'm pretty tall 5'10" so to find a midi dress that makes it to my knees is pretty awesome.


Love this dress! It fits snug, but if you have a new ce shape, it looks great. Would not recommend it to a woman who has excess weight as it would not look very good, just my opinion.


Cute dress but thin and t shirt material. But it's nice for the price.


I love it!  The "khaki" color is more of a light olive green.  The fit is great! I ordered a large and I'm 195 & 5'5". I'm wearing it for my boyfriends brothers graduation (first time meeting the family) and I think I picked a great dress!


I loved the dress, the color and style, but its very fitting and my profession nor my personal style is to wear clothes that are too clingy. I'll try another kind of dress with this design with a heavier material that is form fitting but with more give in the contoured places.


