I liked the fabric but the cut is definitely too tight. I get that it's supposed to be tight, but it was unwearable. I usually wear a small in everything and ordered a medium.


This dress is simply amazing. I am 5'3 and about 145lbs. I ordered a size medium in black, and it fits perfectly.  I definitely recommend this dress and plan to purchase more in different colors.


I love this and Im ordering another color its perfect size I usually wear large so you can do this size order up. But I like the fit you do need to wear something underneath as its tight and shows lumps and bumps.


I bought this dress originally to wear under a costume and love it. Fits true to size and goes to my knees.


Purchase facts


Size purchased: S/M


My stats: 5'8, typically wear a size 6 or 8 and have a DDD chest. This is the perfect dress to wear under a suit jacket as the top is a little see through. I'd def recommend wearing it under another piece.


Compliment me well , I'm pregnant and order a medium for my baby shower


Love this dress! I was going out to dance and needed a party dress! this one just came in but I seen it more like a dinner dress instead of a going out outfit but soon realized that it Easily can transition from dinner dress to a party dress!


AMAZING. BUY THIS DRESS. The fabric is sooo soft. It's not very forgiving though.


Khaki = Army Green


I'm 5'2" 120lbs and ordered X-small/Small fits like a glove.


Material is very thin.  Will definitely have to wear this under a sweater or blazer as all details of your body can be seen.  I purchased a large and I'm usually a medium, so size up if you're going to purchase.


I bought this for a Halloween costume and didn't end up wearing it.  I was skeptical as I am curvy and didn't want something that was going to be seethrough or show all of my bumps and lumps but surprisingly this dress is extremely flattering on. Glad I got it because I do have a function I can wear it to coming up.


I am in love with this dress. I selected the m/l option in the burgundy color and when I received it in the mail it was a large but that's great because that is just my size. I am 5'7, 175 lbs, 38D, gotta nice size rear end and a little pudge. It fits me perfectly. It is slightly see through because the material is thin but if you put on a full body slip you're good to go. I can't wait to wear this for my anniversary next month.


