I'm a size 16 to 18 misses and 5'4". Ordered the black in XL/XXL. The dress looked somewhat small when taken out the package but I put it on and it looked amazing. Feels soft and had enough stretch to accentuate my figure. I'm pretty happy with this purchase.


Love this dress!  So much so I just bought it in 2 other colors..  Black and Charcoal Grey.  I bought the first one in red.  Very comfortable but still sexy!  Not too thin..  And the length is perfect! I am 5'3" and it stops just below my knees. It is stretchy too. I have lots of curves and it hugged and fit me just right!  ;-)


Love these dresses! I now have the black and gray and both get plenty of wear. I love that I can easily dress it up or down with my chucks or heels for running errands or for work and still look like I tried. I plan on purchasing a few more. They run tight no matter what size and they will accentuate all your curves even the ones you don't want lol. I don't care that my post labor mommy-tummy shows but if you aren't that confident don't buy this dress.


Love this dress. I have it in 3 colors now and being a very petite woman (5'2, 90lbs) the xs-s fits like a glove! Be warned it is fitting to the body and light colors can show everything. Easy to dress this up with jewelry and heels (I wore the lilac one to a wedding) or with a longline/duster cardigan and heels (have worn both the lilac and black ones to work), or with sandals and slip on shoes for a more casual, dressed down look. The various ways to wear this style, in the rainbow of colors at the price point is great ! The only real down side is after a couple of washes, the fabric DOES start to pill. The dress always comes within 2-3 days.


I ❤ this dress.  Green is my favorite color but it's Simmons.  Ordered a xl and it fits!  Lol can be casual or dressy.


What a versatile dress! This dress can be dresses up, down, and in between! The material is quality! It has some stretch to it so it fits in all the right places. I bought 4 different colors I loved this dress so much. I followed the size chart for  fit and it was accurate.


I ordered a small and i am 5ft 4'' tall and weigh 105 pounds. It fits AMAZING. Im in loveeeeee. Definitely gone purchase another in another color. Ladies if you are curvaceous and wanna show your curves this dress is perfect. Material feels soft and nice on skin.


I love this dress so much that I ordered 3. Only issue I have is the kaki is more of a military green.  Still fits great and true to size. Seriously love these and great for the price. The lighter colors are a bit seetheough, but not too bad. Just wear a slip or nude undies.


very nice inexpensive evening wear. the material is soft, not too thin and can be worn with any color flats.


I am 5'6, 160 something lbs, and very curvy (36,31 43).  I ordered the Medium/Large and was a little nervous it would not fit (be too small) because of some of the reviews I read, but I went ahead and ordered it anyways.  Well, the fit was okay as it did not fall short below my knees as describe.  It was above the knees.  However, it was not too thin and it wasn't extremely tight, so I could breath in it.  I'm sending the dress back (although I kept the 2nd one I ordered in a different color) and maybe I'll try a different color instead.


