Awful! Terrible! Too small, too thin, too see through. It is not a dress, it is like something you should wear under the dress.  I guess, the darker colors would be a little bit better though doubt it. This color is ... no comments. Returned it back the same moment I got it. Tried it, was in a shock looking at myself (never thought I have such ugly forms! Lol) and run to a carrier to give it back. Don't waste your money on this piece of ... I wouldn't give it one star, but I can't otherwise write a review :-)


I am 5.7" and I weight 164. I purchased the medium/large.  So the dress length stops right below my knee.  The body of the dress fits great. The material so like a soft jersey rubric and anything you wear under this shows not the color up the print so you have to wear a shaper. I am loving this dress!


Definitely on the thin side, but the color is nice. It's a little longer than I would have liked, past my knees. I'm 5/4 for reference. Ordered a Small, 112 lbs and it fit fine. Very form fitting which I like, made my butt look phenomenal. It is cheap material but not so cheap that you look tacky. Would buy again in other colors.


What a great value! I'm buying two more of these today, as another gift. Excellent Cotton/Rayon fabric, very form-fitting. Feels incredibly good against her skin and mine; absolutely wonderful to the touch. You'll want all your clothes to feel this good! Super soft, but no snags. Was purchased to have something classy to wear while feeling casual and looking elegant around the house. Perfect length! Looks great with the hem down or raised well above knees. I don't think you can beat this price for this level of quality.


Pretty but runs runs real small. I wear a 14-16 and got a XXL and it fits like a L plus anything you don't like on your body"""" It shows". I like a dress with a little give ( some room) and this is not a dress like that.


VERY thing fabric, clings to every figure flaw.  Red is great color.  Sent original back because it was snug on my 5'2", 112 lb frame.  Ordered up a size.  We'll see if this fits better.


LOVE this dress. Great material! It can easily be dressed up with a cute kimono or a sweater and some cute heels. I'm 26 weeks pregnant and still able to wear this dress. Ordering it in black today - up a size though for third trimester :). I highly recommend this pregnant or not. I'll definitely be able to wear this after baby comes as well!


Awesome dress!!! Ordered it in green originally and ordered XL because of material shrinking when washing. Glad I did because the material is very thin so if it stretches at all, you will see anything your wear underneath. I recommend wearing nude under garments and honestly spanx or something like it will make this dress that more amazing on you! Got complements from so many everytime I wear the green or the red!


Perfect dress, I am 5'7" 180 with curves and I ordered a 2X so it would not be too tight. I did have to wear spanx to smooth out imperfections for this color. Also received one in black and it is a little more forgiving. Not see through at all, the burgundy is more of a berry color.


I love this dress it does show EVERY curve but it's comfortable, soft, and very sexy. My husband loves it and my best friend even said I looked hot lol. Very happy with this purchase.


