I really love the color, I was just disappointed in the thin material. Of course, I read the previous reviews that it's thin material, I was just hoping for different maybe - maybe that it wouldn't be SO thin. Literally, you better be wearing spanx or EVERY curve and line is going to be visible. I wish this line would make this dress but in a thicker material.


I am 5'8", 160lbs, 30HH.  I ordered an L/XL.  It is SO soft and stretchy and comfy!


This is the perfect dress. I feel so sexy and classy in this dress. I bought this dress in black size s/m and it fit great! I'm 5'3 125lbs and I'm a 34ddd. I'm get more in other colors. It hugs every curve and the fabric is thick but won't make you sweat. I'm wearing the dress to a wedding in 2 weeks just have to figure out in which color.


The material has a nice stretch. I do like the material but you can see straight through it. I wasn't expecting that.  My significant other said wow with a frown, 3 days later he asked if I was sending it back because it reveals so much. That meant the dress looks really nice on me! :-)  This dress will NOT hide anything thing so you MUST feel comfortable with your size before purchasing this dress!


It fits as expected. The material is not as thick as I would have liked. I would also have liked it to have a bit more snap n sinch, i.e., for it to have a bit more of a spandex quality to it.  It is comfortable because it is so thin and because it isn't so tight as spandex but I don't feel comfortable wearing it to anything formal or work.


After reading the reviews, I decided I needed to buy this dress. Everyone said they loved it so much so I actually purchased a black, blue, and green. I'm so glad I did!! I love all 3! I bought them to wear to work with heels and a blazer/cardigan but they can very easily be dressed down as well. This will definitely become a staple piece in your closet.


You have to have a flawless body to wear this dress.  This dress is for someone much younger.  Dress finish isn't bad just really hugs your curves, lumps, and imperfections.


Cute dress but sadly didn't fit so had to return it.  I'm 98 pounds and 5'2" and the smallest size was still too large which was disappointing as I've been looking for a dress like this for the office and had high hopes.


I love this dress !!!! It's fits my body perfectly!!!!! I'm 5'3 130 pounds. Small is the perfect size !!! Thank you !


Pretty color. Comfortable. You can see everything underneath - so have a thin slip. I hardly ever wear for this reason.


