Love the dress. You can dress it up or down . I'm 5'3 145lbs and ordered M/L. Fits perfect


Great fit


I am 5'7", 100lbs, measurements are 33", 24", 35". I ordered a small and it fits, but there is no hiding panty or bra lines. The fabric is a standard, thin, jersey knit. A medium would be too large around the armholes (which is how you can tell when a dress fits) but might be more forgiving in regards to panty lines. This is not a dress to be worn w/o underwear... Fabric is too thin for that. I plan on ordering more.


It was amazing!!!! I wore it to an interview with a nice blazer and looked perfect. I was nervous because of all the negative reviews, but when I got it the material was good quality and work appropriate. The only thing I would recommend is go up a size if you don't want it looking too tight. I normally wear a medium and bought a large and it still hugged my body in all the right places. Will be buying more.


Love it. Fits like a glove. It true to the size. Great material. You would need to wear some spanks or something underneath because it shows all imperfections. I love that you can wear this for any occasion. I'm planning on buying this in other colors.


very snug- hugs all the curves and can see any underwear or bra outline underneath.  The color is nice though.


I absolutely love this dress! I'm a size 16/18 and I ordered a black XL and it fit perfect. It' was a little bit see through when I put a white tank top underneath it but switched it to a black one and problem solved. It arrived faster than I expected. I definitely recommend and will be ordering in other colors.


This is probably my favorite dress right now. I ordered a M (I'm 5'3 and I'm a size 7/8) It is a little big on me, more so length wise than fit- it looks fabulous and I received many compliments while wearing it. It is somewhat sheer, I just wear a camisole slip underneath it. You might only need to if you're choosing a light color like I did. It's a versatile dress & that is why it's on if my faves- you can pair it with flip-flops for a casual look, wedges or gladiators for a stylish look, or your sexiest pair of heels for that date coming up. This is a great dress & I'd totally recommend it to anyone. I know I'll be getting it in a few other colors for sure! Hope I helped :)


I must say I really like this dress will buy another one in a different color


Super sexy dress. Bought it months ago and have yet to war it. I will be taking it with me to my upcoming trip to wear at my cousins bachelorette dinner. I tried it on the other day and I looked fierce.I will try to do another review and add pics of me wearing it to help other potential buyers. The quality of the dress is amazing. you do not see through it and it has great stretch. This is like my third or fourth dress from Tom's Ware, and I look forward to purchasing more.


