true to fit i got the med/large in color pink. fabric is thin so you will have to wear a girdle or something to add filter. also this dress shows every curve which if you like ok. but i pair this dress with a cute waistcoat and belt. Perfect! I will definatly be buying more and i would reccomend. Oh and color is true. like a fushia color


Love the fit and material! I have worn this dress to a scholarship brunch with a blazer  and for a night out with the girls! It fit a little shorter than expected (I am 5'9.5), but it was still right above my knee and classy!


The material was on the thinner side (be sure to wear the right underwear if you want a close to body curve fit) but for what it is worth this dress lasted me over a year and a half and that is because I wore it during my pregnancy which in fact did work but post natal I could see that it was a bit stretched out towards the bottom of the dress (Not even the stomach). Definitely would and will be buying another of this dress and more from Tom's Ware.


I am afraid to say good things about this because they'll jack up the price.


The fit is hot. If you wanna show off your curves, wear this. It's hot. no doubt. I have it in black and green. Getting more colors. Fit's as expected. If you don't want it too tight get one size bigger. It won't look oversized or anything, it contours your body.


Great dress!!! The material is super soft and feels so good against my skin. It's true - this dress is like a second skin. I love the style. Also got it in Coral, which is just a light pink. I am 5'4" and weigh 110lbs and the xs/small fits perfectly. I need to find the right bra and panty to wear with this.


Cheap, flimsy and poorly made.


Very attractive and professional. True to size, forgiving fit. Its clingy in the right places and loose in others. Can be worn to the club or a business meeting


Love this dress! It is well-made and versatile enough to wear for both casual and formal occasions. But. It accentuates every undergarment line. You can clearly make out the outline of the bra and panties. So that docks it a star, but I've found a long shirt that matches or contrasts the color will mask that issue.


Perfect fit and length! Can not believe how perfect this dress is. I've been looking for a dress that's fitting but doesn't ride up.  Not to mention the quality is amazing, it's soft but not too thick and not too thin. This is classy with just enough sexy! Thank you for such an awesome product I will definitely be buying more!!


I love this, very comfortable and looks great. Form fitting and a soft cozy fabric. Great buy!


