This dress fit as expected.  For me, it was never intended to be a sexy, after hours dress.  I instead paired it with my favorite canvas sneakers and a cardigan sweater for a day look.  I received so many compliments. I will own all of the colors by the time it is said and done.  The material was thick enough that I did not require a slip.  I purchased the gray and khaki.


I absolutely adore this dress!


The material is a high, stretchy quality and the fit is amazing.


I'm about 5'4 and the hem hits me just below the knee. The dress is modest, but sexy as well.


I'm going to order it in various colors.


I LOVEEEEEEEE this dress. I always get compliments when i wear it. It fits a bit snug, but hugs all the right places. I will be getting more colors. I love this dress because i can wear it with heels or sneakers and still look good. The material is so soft and it washes great.!


Love this dress! Now I have it in three colors! Please restock more colors in small/ medium!!


I love this dress. I put it on and it shows every curve trust me. So that's up to you if you wanna show off sexy curves or if you think you have flaws that you don't like.


I have this dress in both black and blue. I love the material it is made of and how comfortable and flattering it looks. The material is thin so I would definitely recommend wearing shapeware  under garments to avoid any lines showing through the dress.  I am 5'8" 125lbs and the medium fits very well and comes right below my knees. The material stretches enough that I was able to wear this dress at 8 months pregnant and it still looked great!


Love everything about the dress. I purchase every color. Make sure you get the right size, to bring out the class.


Product was returned, did not like the fit and feel.


Very nice color and soft fabric. The fabric is very thin though. I can't wear normal underwear with it and it shows my bra lines, but it has a great shape and I will keep wearing it.


I love the color, style & fit of this dress. It's perfect for daytime wear with a blazer and can easily transition to night wear for a lounge. It really fit like a glove and the quality of the dress' fabric is very good


