I actually bought this dress in three different colors.  The material is great for travel, is comfortable and can be dressed up or down. I'm very glad that I did make this purchase.


Oh my Freaking GOODNESS!!! I look GOOD in the dress!!!!! It is sooo perfect!!! I don’t care what your body shape is, buy this dress! I’m 29 years old 5’4, 152lbs, 31 in waist, 41 in hips, and 34 in chest. I bought a large.


I wasn't expecting it to be quite so thigh-fitting, it wasn't the wrong size per say, just very stretchy material. Very soft and decent quality material though.


Love the color, love the shape but the material is very thin and unflattering. Wish it had the material of the black vneck dress I bought.


Amazing bomber jacket in a gorgeous teal color. Looks just like the picture and feels luxurious/silky. All the stitching on the back is very well sewn. Very high quality product given the affordable price. True to size - I'm 5'3, 180 lbs, very curvy and purchased a Large. Jacket shipped fast and was neatly packaged. Would definitely purchase again!!!


I love the way this dress fits although it hugs you, I would suggest something like a boyshort bottom because this will show your pantyline. The material feels like a t-shirt which i like. I'm 5' 3" and 116 pounds and i bought the small/medium, perfect!


Love it! Fits me like a glove! Husband absolutely loved it! I got a medium. Im 5'4 157 lbs!


A perfect little black dress of light jersey material with a good amount of stretch. The high neckline and low hem combine to give this dress a very classic silhouette and surprising versatility, considering the price. I usually wear a medium or large in dresses but I order the L/XL and I'm glad I did. It fits snugly but not embarrassingly tight and hemline comes over the knee.


I started to say it was too big, but that was my fault. I am 6 feet all and the length is nice.  I read others comments about how it fit small and I ordered a larger size and it fits very loosely on me.  It still looks good but I wish I had ordered a size smaller.


I love to see her in it, but she's too bashful to wear it out of the house.


