I own this dress in dark blue.  It's a keeper.  You will need some type of shaper.  I'm pretty lean- 5'10, 190 pounds, 38C and I wear a high waisted shaper to flatten out my tummy.  It's comfy and can be dressed up with heels or super casual.


I ordered a medium/ large and that didn’t even fit which is strange I am a size 8 and usually wear a size medium ; others that got This said it fit perfect mine looked like it should be a size small when I got It . The material is very nice and I wished it could have fit This dress shows everything in it


The fit was perfect and flAttering to my curvy figure. It hugs all the right places the material becomes a little thin as its being stretched so a under tights is great if u desire.


Somewhat small, however, I will keep it. Also, to note, it came with a funny chemical smell. I had to let it air out.


I ordered  XL, size bigger then I usually wear since it said slim fit. Well I got XL that actualy looks like XS (my sister is size small girl and that dress was way too small on her). I also think that the dress is overpriced for the quality of the product. I will be definetly returning this product and do not recoment it ( unless you are around 85 lb and order xl size )


The fit is great, the fabric is not. I was even wearing a hot pint bra and underwear and you could still see straight through this dress. Unless you feel more confident doing that, I'd skip this dress.


Perfect for work and a great fit. Very comfortable wear. Staple item. Dress up with some jewelry and you are good to go!


Love the color, and one of the most comfortable items I have ever placed on my body, but even too form fitting for me.  This dress shows wrinkles you know you have and even the ones you didn't know about.  Even with great spanx, I couldn't pull this one off.


The material is very soft, stretchy and comfortable. But this will show the line of everything you are wearing.


Love this dress. I'm 5'7 and 170, this dress is so flattering. Recently had a baby so it does show any tummy imperfections but nothing a good slip couldn't help or a cardigan couldn't hide. I want to by different colors I this dress!


