Great dress! Very firm fitting, so I ordered another dress size up in a darker color for a more modest look - but I'm keeping the original tighter dress too. Probably will order a few more of these in other colors over the next couple months!


Very see through.  Can't wear undergarments with  this.  It shows everything.  It is pretty but I can't wear it.  I like to wear undergarments under my clothing.  This dress is better suited for the exhibitionist type of woman.


This is a terrific dress! The fabric is soft & comfortable, at the same time clings to curves for a sexy look. Fits great, the photo is right on, what you see is what you get. I like the dress so much I've already ordered another one in a different color! The reasonable price makes this dress a no-brainer purchase! I've laundered my dress in cold water, & hung to dry: it didn't face or shrink. I'm extremely pleased with my purchase!


I'd love to give this product a good review since the dress is quite nice, especially for the price, but the dress had deodorant marks all over it. Clearly someone returned it and they sent that dress to me without even checking it. Pretty disgusted. Other than that, the dress is pretty thin. I imagine colors other than black would be very unforgiving.


Ordered this dress for my baby shower. I’m 5’1 and weigh 143lbs at 8 months pregnant. This dress is really soft and stretchy. Goes past my knees. I ordered the m/l bc I didn’t want it to be so tight and uncomfortable. With the extra weight i would def have to wear shapers if I didn’t have the duster on. Shows lines and imperfections. I ordered the khaki color after reading the reviews that state the color is more of an olive which is true.


I love these dresses and own several colors. Tom's Ware fabrics are always great quality and the clothing wear well! You have to figure out your size in this brand, but once you do, you will look for their clothing. This dress is super cute with a belt or chunky jewelry or a jacket. Get all colors! I am a size 8 (36-28-40) and I get the M/L or L in this brand.


I love the feel of this fabric and its light weight. I'm 18 weeks pregnant and I bought this dress as a part of my maternity closet (considering it wont be forever I didn't want to get expensive stuff). I am a size small normally pre pregnancy weight was 140-142 and I purchased this in a large because I wanted it to last of course. I tried it on at 18 weeks and it was perfect with lots of room to spare. This is my second Tom's Ware purchase and I will definitely continue supporting this line. I would recommend it and I plan to get 3 more like this one!


This dress definitely runs small. I ordered 2 colors for a trip to Thailand and wanted the dress to fit looser and be more modest. After reading the reviews and looking at the measurements I ordered a 2x. This is in no way a true 2x I would say it’s more of a true size large. I am usually about a size 8 and the fit was what I was looking for. Make sure to check the size guide and know your measurements.


This is a wonderful basic dress that you can keep simple or dress up. I love the quality of the fabric. It's like a atretchy, form fitting t-shirt. Absolutely love it. Got lots of compliments when I wore it too.


Perfect go to dress to throw on and dress up/down as needed. Perfect with a light jacket, some sneakers and a lightweight scarf. Fabric feels like a nice weight but I will be careful when washing/drying to keep in good condition.


