Let me start off by saying this dress came a day early which was great, it took only 6 days from the time I ordered to the delivery day. As far as the dress goes I wasn't expecting a jersey material but whatever, when I put it on I felt it was a little small for a Medium but maybe I'm bigger than what I realized, oh well... I would really suggest putting some kind of garment underneath because the dress is VERY thin you could see my underwear marks and that is not flattering. But with all of that being said I am happy and will purchase this dress again but in different colors now that I know what to expect.


this dress is AWESOME!!! it fits my plus size frame very well and looks great with a shaper. Im gonna purchase several more in different colors. easy summer wardrobe for work and play


This dress is just as it's shown in the picture. It's super comfortable and light. It hugs every curve but looks very smooth. The material feels great and the fit is good. I have the light purple one. It's soooooooo cute. I'm 5'10 215lbs and it comes to my knees and I have an xlarge. Haven't washed it yet though so we'll see......


So a few weeks after that review, I ordered a black one. They both are still great, in tact after washing. Great LBD and simple dress. Want one in every color.


I am in love with this dress and I bought it in every color! It runs 2 sizes small but is awesome! I ordered a 2XL and I normally wear a size 6-8 so order up.


The cut of the neckline was much lower than pictured, and looked even more like an awkward tanktop. It was comfortable, but not the professional dress I was looking for.


Totally cute, even my husband liked it, and he doesn't like anything. I like that the material isn't too thin to be see through, so I can wear it to work. I paired it with a blazer, and it was great. I can't wait to wear it in the summer with sandals.


I am 160 pounds and usually  I take a medium but when reading it stated order a size up and I did and it was a good idea. Fitted me nicely and it comfortably, good price and you can dress it up more easily .


5'3 and 112lbs petite female and it looks awesome. If you are wondering, "Would this look good on me even if I don't have big curves?" the answer is yes! The tightness is not a struggle at all because the material is extremely soft. The neckline makes it more of a day dress unless worn with a nice jacket. The bottom is looser for easy walking, but slim enough to not look out of place. I would have made it more tight, but comfort is not as important to me.


I'm 5'5 and 110lbs and the xsmall fits amazing! The material was awesome and showed off the little bit of figure I have. I definitely recommend this dress, this is the second color I've bought in it.


I love the looks of it, until I put it on. You can see every imperfection of my body, and while I think of myself as a thin person, I dont feel it is very flattering. You can see your underwear line, its just a little thin for my liking. However it isn't see through.


