This whole collection of dresses are perfect. Several compliments at work. dresses up nice with hose and a modest heel. Even looks great with my 4" black pumps. May buy some more.


Beware! This product is a pretty thin/soft material. It WILL hug ALL (and i mean ALL) the curvatures of your body! (even the unwanted ones) so im gonna wait to wear this when i have a flat stomach ;P


I absolutely love this dress. It's simple yet sexy!! It shows my curves but still classy. It can be dressed up or down. I will be buying more colors and the price, you cannot beat it...score!


I feel so sexy in this dress. It is a bit see through and I am not sure if it is suppose to hug your body so but I love it.


It hugs my body nicely! Very comfortable and made of really good fabric That it seems like I'm just wearing the best cotton pajamas when it's a good hot date/office wear simple dress


I am 5'7''. Weigh about 120. I have not weighed myself in a while. I absolutely love this dress. I bought it as a back up for my graduation and decided this is the dress I am going to wear.


It's dark red not the color red seen in viewing.  Just FYI if your trying to match reds. .not a complaint. .I love it..it's soft and very fitting. If you have trouble areas ..this is not for you. It fits everything!! I am 5 ft even ...150 pds and ordered a large.  It fits like a glove. .add a cute blazer and some killer pumps ..for a date night.  Great buy


This dress is not whats shown in the picture i was disappointed to see that this dress was for twenty dollars wow pleSe dont waste you time purchasing this it looks like a sleeping material that i wear to beb dont do it thank you.


This item was shorter that I thought. Also, the material was so thin that it could not be worn without something under it.


The dress was not appropriate to wear to work why I originally purchased.  It could be flattering, however, I use it as a cover-up.


WOW!!! Let me tell you about this dress..AMAZING and fits just as i was hoping it to..I am 5 1"...130 pounds  ordered extra small/small i got a small it fit me like a glove going to order the white now


