material fits perfectly. shipment was fast. Smooth nice materal. cute little black dress for the perfect price. I weight 135 hips 36 waist 27 I bought a small/medium. I could have gone with a extra small because I like dresses like this to fit nice and small. After a couple of washings I'm sure it will shrink.


It fit great. I am 5'4 and 165 pounds. I ordered an XL. I'm very curvy so I'm happy I went a size up in this material because it hugged my hips but it also hugged all of my problem areas. Which was easily fixed with a jean jacket. I would definitely buy again!


2 out of 3 were a win. I purchased the pink long sleeve and floral capped sleeve they are both 100% cotton and have nice coverage however I also ordered the green sleeveless and it's way too sheer cannot wear in public. I was very excited for this color but would have to return it. The blend of the fabric  is completely different rayon spandex etc.


I was sent the entirely wrong item... at the same time purchased other dress from Tom's Ware - loved it... they sent some weird teen aged girl mini dress with sleeves. Sent it back, wait, tap my foot... then wait for a re-order... and hope i am not sent some other random dress. If I like it as much as the correct item received...it should be great.


The dress has a mild curve at the waist to flatter the womanly figure, but the color was misleading. The dress is not see through, so I still give it 3 stars, good quality. But color is everything for me, this green was not the deep emerald it looks, it was moreso the Primary green Color. This was disappointing. Your images should either represent the color better or update the color you use for your garments.


MUST BUY!!!! If you are a cury girl this is a must have dress. The fabric is amazing. I had to go a size smaller so I would recommend to do the same. The material streches so there is that extra room. Got the dress last night and this morning I ordered 5 different colors. I love that you can dress it up or down. It is a Must buy for sure.


Dress shipped and arrived quickly.  Color and fit was as expected. I'm 5'8, 150lbs and it fit like a hand and glove.


One thing I noticed was a odd smell to the dress.  Not a funky smell, but an odd one.  I digress....


The dress is really thin, so you can see your panty line for sure.  Other than that, great buy for the price, I would purchase again


The dress fit very nicely. The color is as pictured. It is a snug comfy fit. You can dress it up or down. You can wear it to work or a night out, just accessorize it appropriately. The material is a bit thin but it still works. I will probably buy more colors. The options are endless with this dress. I really do like it a lot. I am 5'6 and 136lbs, I ordered a US size small and it hits mid knee for me.


Beautiful so comfy. I've gotten many compliments. Ordered in multiple colors! This is a perfect summer dress to dress up or down with a jean jacket and sandals!


I'm not a huge fan of ordering clothes online, ive done it several times from several online sites and theres always something wrong with the merchandise.  I was happily surprised with this dress, it was the exact same color as advertised, true to size.  Only problem is that it is pretty see through, nothing that specific undergarments can't fix and I still dont know if I'll have to handwash this dress or if its safe in the washer. Other than that I'm pretty satisfied with this dress.


