Thin material and tight. Not flattering on anyone with curves. Need to be lean and skinny to pull it off.


My wife is 6 feet tall and weighs 165 pounds.  She is a 36-B.  I ordered a medium (size 8-10) and the dress fits her perfectly.  The fabric is rather thin, however, and in the right light, you can see through.  Please take this observation into account when ordering.


The material is nice. The color is vibrant. I actually love the loose feeling of the dress. I would've given it 5 stars but it came with a hole in the side. I wore a piece to cover the hole until I have time to fix it.


it's darker than pictured and i want to love it, but it's a sausage casing on me.  i give it three stars because it looks well made, the fabric is soft and it would be comfortable but it shows everything.  5'2", 113 lbs, i usually take a 2 or 4, so i ordered a medium based on other comments but it's still too tight.  handed it to a friend who wears xxs, maybe it'll work better for her.


The dress is nice, however, the material is very stretchy and comfortable. The color was lighter than expected  it wasn't as dark as it is in the picture, however, that is to be expected. Overall the dress does fit well and the length of the dress is to my knees.


One of my new favorites color is perfect just like photo. Fabric oh so soft. My mom took it from me cause she loved it so much. She says it doesn't wash very well and she hand washed it and put in dryer for a brief period. Had formed lint on fabric.


Beautiful dress, a little too sheer for my taste as well as it is darker than pictured. Overall a comfortable, well fit dress, though.


I love Tom's Ware dresses!  They are sexy without being over the top and comfortable without looking too casual. I wear this one to work and works as a day-to-night transition dress just fine.


Love this dress! I did order a size larger but probably could've gotten my normal size. The material is great and it's very versatile and flattering. I want one in every color.


For being cheap and from China, I was incredibly happy with the quality of the fabric. I'm 5'4", 130, muscular build, and the medium fit perfectly. I will order in more colors.


