I love this dress, it's a great value.  Just be mindful of the undergarments you use because they show under pretty easily.


I wear a size 6 and I got a s/m.


Love it


Fits perfect, snug in all the right places. Can be worn with a blazer or sweater by day and simply casual for an evening out.


I have this dress in 3 colors, green, blue and grey.  I absolutely love it for its ease and comfort.  I am a professional and market for my company, which requires me to be out and about.  It is hard to find professional looking attire that allows me to also be comfortable when the weather is anything but pleasant.  On either side of the thermometer (I live in NW Arkansas... we get low and we get high!), I can work with this dress.  A nice blazer or cardigan, hose or no, whatever the case may be.  The material is not super thin or cheap (read see-through), at least not the colors I've purchased.  But it is lightweight.  I've had the green dress for almost a year and have laundered it with every wear.  There is no fading or any funky coming apart as you might expect of cheaper products, despite the price of the dress.  I will say that if you are at all curvy and modest, you will want to have a nice set of spanx or close to the knee slimming undies to wear under the dress.  You won't be able to wear regular panties regardless of your size unless you don't care about panty lines (not a good look for any of us!).  I am 5' tall, 130 lbs, 34D/36C, usual size 4/6 (27/28), fairly fit, booty.  I don't have much jiggle and only the slightest bit of soft around my thighs.  I STILL WEAR SPANX under this dress. It hugs in all of the right or wrong places depending on your outlook.  I got the M/L.  Fits perfectly.  I like that the collar is high so I'm not showing cleavage on top of the fitted nature of the dress, which can be a bit much for work.  It allows me to feel my female self without feeling overly sultry.  A very good shell for anything you want over it. I can also wear it after hours or on the weekends with cute trainers or sandals.  I also like that there are so many colors to choose from.


I get a lot of compliments on the dress.  Every time I wear it.  Men and women both.  Buy it!  Buy some spanx! Wear it! Style it up, style it down!


It fit perfectly! I will definitely buy more in other colors! I can wear this dress to work, casually or on a night out! Love!


After reading some reviews - ordered L  (normally women M) fits great. I'm 5'8" about 167 lb


I'm 5'8" 130lbs and I got a medium. It looks nice; it's definitely very fitted and will not hide flaws people. Unless you have a major rocking body do yourself a favor and get a darker color; maybe don't eat bread for a few days. For me it's a little too fitted in the butt area... I don't have a big butt and normally wear a size small in similar stuff, but the dress runs small; go a size up.


a hit out of the park


Beautiful dress. The material is very light and will be nice for the summer to just put on and go. However, this dress does show every panty line and curve of your body, so no panties or a thong might be best or just something to smooth you out if you have a tummy. Also I don't think it says it, but the sizing is Asian sizes. Since the dress is very stretchy though you may still get away with ordering your normal size.


Freaking LOVE this dress, it was the pick-me-up I needed the day it arrived. Fits soooo nice and it's super soft and comfy, I'll be ordering more colors!


