quality is good but it runs super big.


Very pretty my bridesmaids looked so beautiful


Fit like a glove and looked amazing!


I really liked this dress but unfortunately I had to return it because the top was too tight. I wear a 34D and I ordered it in a size 4. I would recommend going a size up in that case. The dress is beautiful and great quality. The pink color would look beautiful on any skin tone.


I love this dress!  I ordered this dress for my beach wedding and was crossing my fingers that it was what I expected. I am so happy with the material, the fit, and design. It is very comfortable and just what I wanted without spending a fortune.


I measured before I purchased this dress mainly for bust size since most of the reviews considered the dress pretty comfy. I don't know how but the first one came in too large. I sent it back and got a smaller size and that one was still a bit large. Definitely check out the measurements and measure with the bra you're planning on wearing it with. I love this dress, and after I alter it a bit up top I can't wait to wear it again!


Very pretty dress looks just like the picture, l brought it for my 10 year old daughter she wears a 6 in juniors so i brought an 8 and it fits great just have to get it altered under the armpit and length, strap is a lil long


I absolutely love this dress! It is very good quality and the price can't be beat. I bought a size 10, normally I wear a size 8 in a dress but thought just in case I would go up a size up and would have it altered. I am 5'7, a slim athletic build, 36 bust, 29 waist and the size 10 is perfect and no alterations needed.


It's a beautiful dress!! It's a bit larger that I was anticipating but nothing too crazy. I would definitely recommend it!  I wore it to my brothers wedding but it would be perfect for a bridesmaid dress, prom or homecoming.


The dress is gorgeous! Fits perfectly, i am 5'6" 120lb, size 4 is like made to order. It's flowy and very comfortable!!


Excellent price too. Very happy with it.


