I ended up returning this dress.  I was hoping for more of a true sky blue/powder blue, and the dress is more of an aqua.  I am 5'6, 160 lbs and ordered a 12.  The dress fit well, but the shoulder strap was too long and repeatedly fell off my shoulder.


This dress was every bit as beautiful as a $150 dress!


I was impressed with how quickly my dress shipped!! 3 days! I ordered a size up (10) because i thought my 34ddd chest would be a problem, it ended up being a good 1-2 inches too big in the chest part. I also have deflated nursed boobs... Very impressed with the quality for the price!!


I love it! Got myself one for my engagement photo session, and bought 1 for each of my bridesmaids. Very pretty and such a good deal!


I bought his dress (in green) for a wedding I was going to. The dress itself fit fairly well... I am normally a size 12 (5'4", 38D) and ordered a size 12, and just needed thes trap adjusted slightly and the bodice taken in about an inch. As others have said, the bodice is padded enough to not need a bra, which was nice. The flowers along the strap are not very sturdy... They made it through the night, but I noticed a couple on my floor when I woke up the next morning, probably rubbed off by my jacket.


I got many compliments on the dress itself. It was nice and flowy and allowed me to hide some areas that I'm not particularly fond of. It just skimmed the ground without heels, so it was just long enough to wear with or without heels.


One recommendation I do have is to use some sort of static guard... The liner of the dress stuck to my legs a good portion of the night, which made walking feel unusual.


All in all, I would highly recommend this dress to others.


This is a very pretty dress for a beach wedding. It was a little large so I had to have it altered. BEWARE, it is extremely see-through so a slip is a must.


Loved loved loved everything about this dress. It fit perfect. The color was just as shown. Everything about it was perfect. It didn't slip down like most strapless dresses.


pretty, but have to order a size down


3 sizes too small!!!


I used the measurement chart of the manufacturer but I went up a size even from that and I could not get this dress zippered up. So it was not too large in the breast at all. It was last minute so I was able to have it altered for my niece  (1 day prior to the wedding ) and 1/2 dress later, she looked beautiful.  The dress and sapphire color was very pretty. I would suggest that you order it according to your US dress size.


