This is a stunning dress for the price and fit just as expected, with a little room. The material is great and the quality is good. The dress does look like the picture. I highly recommend this dress, and look forward to wearing it.


Size bra 36-B I'm 5'6 and 174 pounds I have to fix the button of dress because I don't use high heels, I will use for a wedding party in 3 days,.the shipping only was delay for 1 day only still I got in time.


I took a chance and made an online purchase, something I've never done before when it comes to purchasing clothes, but I did and I have no regrets. I am 5'4", 160Lbs, this dress was a perfect fit. I little bit long, but that can easily be adjusted. The quality of the material is worth the price I paid for it. I would recommend the purchase of this dress.


I'm astounded. After deciding to go ahead and get married at the courthouse in less than a week, I had to hurry. I ordered this dress in size 8 and 10 (I am 5'3" and 150 lbs, size B cup) and prayed one worked. The size 8 was PERFECT! Much better quality than I ever expected and with 4" heels no hemming needed. Couldn't have asked for a more perfect dress! Order this, you will NOT be disappointed!


Very cute, wore it to my senior prom as a last minute dress and it was lovely after you iron it (it comes wrinkly). It started to tear at the bust but that was because my breast were to big for it. Other than that, very lovely. I’m 5’6 198lbs with 44inch bust and it fit very snugly.


The dress is well made and I really loved the fabric which makes the dress look gorgeous and more expensive than it is. The color is rich and true to the pics. However, it was too long for me (5'3'') even if I wear 4'' high-heals and had to return.


Daughter usually wears a size 6, is 5'10", 135 lbs, size 34A cup.  Loved the little flowers on the strap.  Dress was very pretty and the blue was very nice too.  No problem with top ill fitting like others have mentioned but maybe that's because of her very broad shoulders; she is, after all, a varsity rower.  Quality of material wasn't top drawer but would have been more than adequate.  Problem's that it was inches too short for her frame or we would've kept it either for the upcoming prom or any other formal event.  Would recommend.


the dress is beautiful i love it but i order it too large  I am usually xs or s but since i was 8 months pregnat i was using everything large so i order too large for me. but the dress was beautiful and the material was excellent


I ordered and was true to size. I’m short so I knew I’d have to hem it, and that was fine by me. The bodice has a slight rubbery grip inside the top. This was perfect as it did not fall.


The flower chiffon strap is nice, the flowers do not look cheap and they flow nicely. I ended up cutting off the strap with scissors for a different look when I wore it again. I bought it in black and will buy more colors. It’s a really great dress.


I was skeptical of ordering a dress like this online and frankly didn't expect much for the price, but thought, oh well, it's only $35.  Once I received the dress, I was pleasantly surprised at how nice it looks.  The fabric is nice and light; the color exact.  It is generous in the bust area and very forgiving in the hip area.  The dress is designed to wear without a bra as there is padding and a clingy film to hold it up, but being a bit busty, I needed to wear a strapless bra for the support factor.  Overall, I am very pleased with the fit, quality and especially the price.


