Size is not as per order. the size that we got is like  than what we order .


we lost time and money


It is to big in the bust area and to short, I am six feet tall.  I will be returning it!


I wore this gown on Friday night, and received so many compliments! The color is a rich purple and it flowed as I walked! I wore 2 1/2 inch heels and the dress hardly swept the ground! I'm 5'2, so if your taller than me, you don't want to wear 4 inch heels with this dress! Just a gorgeous gown! You will not be disappointed! You will have to iron it though! Just make sure the setting is low! Chiffon will burn!


One of my best purchases on Amazon.


I wore this dress to a wedding and it looked so elegant. It's very forgiving if you're more of a plus size. I normally wear a 10 or 12, but I bought this in a 14 based on others' reviews (very helpful, thank you all). The dress fit nicely. I'm a 36DDD and the bust was perfect. Only alterations I made are as follows:


I'm 5'3, the strap was a little loose for me so I made it a bit tighter, about 2 inches shorter. I just tucked in and sewed over it. I wore a 3 inch heel with it, and the length was just right, no tripping incidents. I wore this dress for over 10hrs and it still looked good :).


Only thing is I had to keep pulling up the bust side due to heavy boobs.


Only thing I didn't like about the dress was that the flowers on the sleeve kept falling off. I had at least 4 of them fall off as soon as I wore it. It was hardly noticeable though.


I'd say for the price, I got my money's worth and more.


I got this in the blue shown in the pictures, and the color was exactly as the picture depicts. I'll recommend to everyone.


What happen with my money back I waiting . I return this product plz explain . I'm return because is to bigger for my ladier is my wedding and I need my money back.


Loved these dresses! Ordered them for my bridesmaid dresses. Followed the sizing chart that was posted at the top in the photos. Color was perfect, style was great, and can't beat the pricing! My bridesmaids were happy and my photos look great too! Very happy customer!


The dress was beautiful! I ended up taking off the strap because if was way too big, kept falling off my shoulder. But the dress was still beautiful and elegant. I ordered one size up just in case I needed to alter it, better to have it bigger than smaller. But it fit perfect! The material is smooth as well and not cheap. I recommend getting it dry cleaned though or hand wash and do not put in dryer.


Love this dress!! Wearing it in a wedding in September. And I'm the maid of honor and didn't want to spend a lot on a one time dress. Fits good except the strap is too loose so will have it tightened. Ordered a 16 since I'm a 36 d in the chest area. And wear a 10/12 in jeans. Can't wait to wear it!!


Best purchase I've done on amazon and I buy a lot here. I saw this dress on David's bridal for $170 and I decided to look here.


Omg! Quality is great for the price! I usually wear a 4 but I ordered a 6. All you need to do is use a steamer. The pictures shown are right after I took it out of the bag so it's all wrinkled.


In the last picture I folded the side. If you don't like the side, it's doable to remove it but no designed to be removed.


I'm 5'3" and 135 pounds, size 6 was perfect!


