This was such a great dress! I usually wear a 12 but knew I’d be 38 weeks pregnant / or just had given birth at time of the wedding so I sized up to 16 and it was perfect! It is tight in the chest area and loosens up around the belly so it would have been perfect for the bump of little man wouldn’t have come early! My only complaint was that it was a little long. I am 5’6 and it was dragging maybe 2” on the floor. Also didn’t help that we wore toms as shoes. But overall great dress! Especially for the price!!


Photo taken at ~28 weeks pregnant, I tried it on again at 36 weeks and it still fit around belly (didn’t take picture).


So pleased with this dress! After 2 failed bridesmaids dress this is a winner. The color is very similar to a davidsbridal petal pink. Fits well (true to size) I may need alterations for the top,but the dress is a good price it's worth the extra money to alter. Good decent material.


In addition, the item arrived late. It’s was for a formal dinner and I assumed since I am a prime member it’s would have arrived two days prior to the dinner. After several calls, apologies, and compensation the items arrived 6hrs prior to the dinner; not happy and I was driving my poor husband mad!


Good thing I went out to the mall and found something that looked and fitted well. I have to say, somethings you just can’t buy online.


I bought these for my bridesmaids and I love the quality of these dresses! I had to send a couple back to get smaller sizes but the replacements were perfect and mailed to me very quickly! I recommend this company for bridesmaid dresses!


I loved this dress and looked great in it!! I bought a size 12 and it fit like a 12.  I had to use a pin to bring it in a little but I do with most dresses like this.  I purchased 8 dresses for the night and I was in love with this one. It was perfect for the occasion.


I love this dress, I can't believe I got it for such a good price. I got it to wear to a formal wedding. I am 5ft 7 and it was long enough that I can still wear heels which is good. It is really flattering for my body type. Now I've just got to get the wrinkles out of it.


I like the dress. It's pretty see through, so keep that in mind. Nothing a slip can't fix! I am usually a 10 in dresses but I ordered a 12 just to be safe. It is slightly big especially in the chest area(in not very big in the chest area, to be honest). I am planning on sending it back and ordering a size 10. I think it will fit perfectly! Using it as a bridesmaids dress for my best friends wedding in October. It's a good dress for a really good price! I recommended it.


4.5. Really pretty & flowy. I'm 5'0 and a 34B and ordered a 6. The bust is pretty padded I didn't wear a bra and it fit very snug (no boob fat peeking out, no back fat trying to fold over the dress). The material works for the price and probably a once time use.


I just need 6" heels and it'll be perfect! If you look at the photos I literally have to be on a step stool to have the dress barely be off the ground. Petite problems.


Im 5'9 abouy 235 lbs , i normally wear a size 16 in dress but the 16 was sold out when I ordered so I got the size 14 and it fits really good , doesn't zip all the way which was expected but I have time to slim down a bit before the wedding . I would stick with the size you wear unless you have the time to cut down a few inches and lbs . But other than that the dress itself is beautiful and I love the material . $35 dress looks and feels like a $100+ dress. Highly recommend


Loved this dress for my wedding!!  I was 7.5 mo pregnant and HUGE!  You can see from the pics that the underneath lining might bunch a bit if you're really preggo but otherwise should fall nicely.  The dress is so easy to wear and using the sizing chart I got a great fit.  The hemming cost more than the dress but oh well....


