Very beautiful dress got it for my baby shower and it fits perfectly


This dress is beyond gorgeous! The boob part on mine is a little big, but I'm 30 weeks pregnant and so I ordered a little big (my fault) just to make sure it would fit! Just a few alterations and the dress will be perfect! I HIGHLY recommend this dress for any formal occasion!


I bought this dress for my daughter and it fits like a glove. The dress is well made and the fabric is of good quality. We are both happy.


I have sort of an inverted triangle figure (bust, 36C, sometimes 36D, but size 2 pants, 5'4" and 134lbs). I ordered a size 6 an it fit very well. The dress is very well made. I ordered it in pink and it was a dream. Received a lot of compliments. I wish it was a tinsy bit longer, so I can wear it with higher heels.


Dress fit very well. I am 5'6" and 145lbs a medium all the way around. I ordered a size 6 and it fit great! Love it! Great bridesmaid dress.


The dress fit perfectly on me. The length of the dress was a bit long, but managable . Overall the quality and fit of the dress was amazing.


The dress was a hit! A little big in the chest area but overall I love it.


Beautiful dress, and I loved the style and color, but it was too small, so I will have to order a larger size if I don't find anything else


I ordered 2, in different sizes and colors. Both came on time and look just like the picture. Definitely order according to your bra size on their sizing chart. These are US sizes and NOT formalwear sizing, which typically runs smaller.


The size 8 and 10 work for a 36C. The 8 being a little snug and the 10 a little gap on the sides.


The length is perfect if you're around 5'3"-5'5" and plan to wear heels. I don't need to alter the length at all. The skirt needs a slip underneath because it's a little too sheer for me.


 One of my dresses came with a hook at the top of the zipper, one did not but I can add that. For the price, these are absolutely great and I'm very pleased with my purchase.


 This was the first time I've ordered formalwear on Amazon and I searched for days before buying this dress.  Thanks to all of the ladies who posted photos in the dress! This helped tremendously.


 The great thing about this dress is that it will fit so many body types, making it a good choice for an Online order.


Fit perfect and a great quality..going to be perfect as a bridesmaids dress. Only thing could use something to hold up the side without the strap a little better


