I was traveling for work on a Monday and my husband let me know we had a formal gala that Saturday, with no time to shop in a store and regular stores having unreliable ship times, I turned to Amazon for the 2 day shipping. This gem was a lifesaver! I am 5'9 and most long formal gowns don't hit at floor level for me- this one was amazing! I was able to wear a slight heel and not look like I was escaping a flood with a dress above my ankles. I ordered up a size and the gown fit incredibly well - a tailored look without body hugging fabric clinging to my curves. Received a ton of compliments from women I knew had spent a lot more on dresses than I had, and felt glamorous and like I had a little secret! Would highly recommend this gown!


I truly loved this dress and got so many compliments! It was purchased for a small family wedding where I was the only bridesmaid. I ordered a size 14 and it fit perfectly. It was so flowy and elegant without breaking the bank. Just be careful how you move. I got a little snag in the back of mine.


It just fit right. I bought it to wear as a bridesmaid. As long as I don't gain weight, I will be fine. haha


Just as beautiful on me as in the picture! I was a little worried about the fit but it is perfect!


I like this dress it fits perfect  just as expected.


I love the dress I received the only problem I had was it was very wrinkled when I received it.


Spoke with the seller about dress arriving on time for my daughter's prom and she assured me that it would, and in fact it did. Thanks to her and this beautiful dress my daughter was able to "feel like a princess" (my daughter's words) for the night!!  Would definitely do business with her again and I will refer family/friends to her! Thank you!


It fit as expected don't have to do any adjustments just the blue a lil lighter from what I expected


Honestly I dont like red or any shades of it. But, this one sold me! It is simple put elegant, affordable, nice quality, and overall fits perfect. The only thing i regret it is that I did not get one for myself. This is actually for my sister who is 5'6" 126lbs and i got her a size 4. She wore this as a wedding guest and believe me everybody turned their heads to see her walking. You will not be dissapointed on this. This is also a perfect dress for a bridesmaid, at least so much better than mine.


my bridesmaids looked stunning


