it is always difficult to find dress for my daughter, this one was perfect. very rich color and good design.  but the sizes are not accurate, my daughter is 0-2, this dress was 4.


Flattering, flowing, just a bit big but overall very pleased.


This is a fabulous value - the dress is well made and just as expected. I got the "Vermillion" color and it is a bright, candy red as pictured.


The top has lined cups and a rubbery strip around the edges to keep it in place - you really wouldn't need a bra with it unless you really wanted one.


The high waist and flowy fabric is slimming and will fit perfectly over the big baby bump I'm anticipating in a couple months when I need to wear this dress. It is quite long which is great for tall girls, but unless you are 5' 10" and wearing heels, you will probably have to have it altered a bit and take it up at the bottom. I'm not worried about it at all because with the dress being so affordable there's plenty of budget left for a simple alteration like that - or I could probably do it myself since the lack of decoration around the bottom hem would make it pretty simple.


I am 5'6" and 135 lb pre-pregnancy. I would've ordered an 8 if not pregnant. I ordered a 10 and I'm confident it will fit at 26 weeks (6 1/2 mo.) pregnant.


don't like it


The dress itself is beautiful, well-made, and comfortable. The sizing just runs small. I returned the size I bought for the next size up. The first one fit my bust perfect, but not my ribs! Aside from the sizing five stars :)


Fit nice and size was true. Did not need any altering :)


The material of the dress is so not attractive. But I guess you get what you pay fo. The dress would be nice if 1 the material was not as toilet paper like and 2if I didn't run that small. I had to get a size 6 when I normal wear size 2. Go figure


I am very satisfied with the look and quality of the dresses I ordered..bought them in different sizes for my bridesmaid dresses and couldn't be happier..can't beat the price and fast shipping too! :) thank you thank you


sizes are true to measurement


Flowy, well-made dress. More blue (like a Tiffany blue) than the photo shows. Runs a bit large and a bit sheer. Overall, a very pretty dress!


