The quality was so much better than I thought it would be. It's a very beautiful dress and everything thinks I spent a ton on it. It's very soft on my sensitive skin. It's like a dream! Highly recommend


This dress is lovely. However, I read the measurement guide and did my measurements accordingly. I would be just a 14 to maybe a 16. So, I got the 16 since it was free returns. I was swimming in it. I was bummed that the 12 and 14 did not have a free return policy. Since I have to alter the dress anyway for the shoulder strap and length, I just got the 14. I have big boobs, and the 16 was so big on top. I am just going to get the 14 in case the 12 wouldn't have fit. This is a beautiful and very very flattering dress for anyone, but especially for ladies with some curves. The green color is an emerald green, which is exactly what it looked like in the picture, and what I wanted. I bought 4 of the Ever Pretty dresses in green. They all had free returns. All 4 of the dresses were well made, and very beautiful. They were all huge though. I wear a 12 normally, but sometimes bridesmaid dresses fit small. I would say you could buy your actual size in all of the Ever Pretty dresses. Thank you for the lovely dress!


Hi ladies! So, here's the deal.  The dress is great (bought in purple) and for $50 it's amazing! I bought it as a bridesmaid dress and could not be happier that I didn't have to pay $200 for a gown.  I am 5'0", 125 lbs, size c cup and a size 6 fit me (for those with similar measurements).  Since I'm so short, I thought that I have to get it hemmed, but with 4-5" heels it's fits perfectly.  I would totally recommend for any one on a budget or those just not looking to spend an arm and a leg on a dress that will probably only be worn once.  Hope you find this helpful.


Loved the dress! I am a size 14 in pants and medium in shirts , ordered the dress in a size 14 and it fit very well, it's a bit long though but that can be fixed!


I'm 5'5", 190 lbs, wear a 38DDD bra and I got the size 14, it fits perfectly! Normally wear 12/14 pants so I figured with my bust I better shoot for the 14 I love it it is very elegant and I'm excited to wear it tomorrow. I know when I read reviews for clothes, I look for people that review with their stats so I can gauge where or not it will fit me, so hopefully I'm being helpful too!


Very nice I bought a few in different sizes for my daughter's quince and the quality is Good,  same as it shows on the picture and the price is great :)


My daughter is a size 8 and after reading reviews about the dress we decided to play it safe and order a 10 and planned to have it altered there was no need it fit perfectly. It arrived quickly and is very flattering. You should however give yourself enough time to plan on having it steamed because it did arrive slightly wrinkled in some areas due to packaging. She was very happy with this dress and received lots of compliments.


We looked everywhere for a reasonably priced formal gown for my daughter to wear to a wedding, but nothing fit the bill until this one.  We both love it on her.


It's an absolutely GORGEOUS dress at a really good price. Like other people have mentioned, it's kinda big in the bust area (I'm a 38DD but size 14 was pretty baggy, and the size 12 just fine), so my advice is to go down a size so the top can fit, especially since the hip measurement isn't necessary for this dress type. Definitely going out to more formal events just to flaunt this :)


I absolutely LOVE this dress!!! The quality was better than expected!!! I am 5’2 and 130 lbs and went a size up to a size 6, It was perfect and fit like a glove!! I purchased the coral color and It looked even better in person!! I am very pleased with my purchase and can’t wait to wear I.T. Only con... After reading other reviews I knew the dress would be very long but I knew I would be getting several inches taken off the bottom.


