I'm a bit overweight right now due to sitting and working too much so I plan to lose weight before wearing it however I am a 34 DD and that complicates everything with a dress. I ordered a 10 to be safe so that my chest would fit and it fits perfectly ! its an extremely cute dress... the only downside to this dress is you have to sew the flowers on before wearing it out the flowers fall right off :/ overall gorgeous dress for the price


Great bridesmaid dress for the price. I had to alter as it was a couple inches too long but otherwise perfect! Be a sweet to your bridal party and have them get < $50 dresses instead of > $200 dresses :)


It fits but it's too long for me. I'm 5'2" and even with 4" heels, I still step on the dress. It's pretty though.


I LOVE THIS DRESS , IT FITS PERFECT WITH THE EXCEPTION OF MY BOOBS.  MY BOOBS FIT BUT IF I BEND OVER THEY WILL PROBABLY POP OUT ,LOL THE LENGTH IS PERFECT BECAUSE I WANT BE WEARING HEELS , IT DOES NEED TO BE PRESSED BUT OVERALL I LOVE IT.


I usually wear a 2 or 4 and I ordered a 4, the top was too tight to even zip (fyi I am not large chested). The 6 significantly bigger than the 4, but I will be able to have it altered to fit right. If you're on the fence about size I would order up and have it altered. Dress is a great for the price, but the fabric could be improved upon. Color is true to what is shown. Dress is on the shorter side. I'm 5'4" and I will probably have to wear flats. You could also wear very short heels.


I love this dress! Its very elegant and a steal for what it's selling for! My only issue is that I am afraid it was a little too revealing for being in a wedding. I ordered a size 16, and it fit everywhere but the chest. I have a size 36D chest and the side without the strap came down a little too low for my liking. It slid down slightly too, so sadly I feel like I must return the dress. This dress will look beautiful on anyone, but just beware if you are larger chested! The length was pretty good for me. I am 5'2 and it was a little long, but that was without shoes.


I ordered the size 8 - I normally wear a 4/6 in normal clothing. I am 5'4 1/2" and weigh 125 lbs - my cup size is 36C. This dress fit me perfectly with no need to seek alterations. The length was perfect for my 2" heels too. I felt beautiful and classy and got a lot of compliments!


Dress fit a little large, but I knew that ordering it. I ordered this as a bridesmaid dress and would have rather it had been large than too small. I got it altered and it fit perfect and was very beautiful. It looked expensive and was made with nice material.


i ordered the dress in size 8, it took 2 days for the shipping and i was soooo excited! i'm planning on wearing it to prom.


so first of all the red (the light red) is not as on the picture. it is a really strong red, that catches your eye from 1 mile away, i love it!


the material kind of dissapointed me because its a little bit stiff but i cant complain because it flows off your body and it looks really pretty. the size was too big though, my cups were just too small lol. so i ordered it a size smaller and it will be here tomorrow. the strap around the shoulder is so sweet, too bad they dont have a photo that shows it more detailled. i hope the smaller size will fit because i really like that dress and i think it looks really pretty. and for a prom dress its "cheap".


True to size , but extremely see through


