LOVE this dress.  I expected it to be made cheaply for such a low price, but it was lined and fit perfectly!


My sis bought it and said it was a little big in the bust for her and I ordered the smallest one but she just needed padded bra and then it fit better, everyone else fit perfect though. And it is very elegant looking and flattering to petite shapes


This is a great material it's def more blush colored than nude which is exactly what I wanted!! So happy my bridesmaids are very happy too! This is a long dress though so if your not 5'7" plan on getting it himmed


I used the size chart provided from the company (not Amazon's) and it fit perfect! Zipper in the back and a rubber lining inside the chest area to help hold in place but the flower strap does that as well. Shipped quicker than I expected from over seas. Very happy!


We ordered this dress in Navy for my daughter's junior prom.  It is beautiful!!!  Fits perfectly other than needing to be shortened but she is very petite.  We took a chance on this dress and are so happy we did!!!


Really beautiful quality and fit. I'm 5'8" 155lbs and Usually wear a size 8. I tried this dress in both an 8 and a 10, and I ended up keeping the 10. While the 8 was manageable, I liked that I could wear a bra with the 10 (but also didn't have to in either dress because of the cups). Can't beat the quality for the price!


Fit perfectly and so beautiful! I wore this to a ball and I was late ordering a dress so I was afraid that it would need to be tailored quickly. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the dress fit almost tailor made without any alterations! I'm 140 lbs, 5'5" and I ordered a size 6.


These dresses are made weirdly. I was getting these for my bridesmaids and had so many challengesThe bottom part is very giving but the top part doesnt fit especially in size 12,14,16. The size 4 is ok but i think proportions are still off at the bottom.


This dress was beautiful and perfect. I loved it! I ordered it in two different colors because we just weren't sure which to go with. I did end up sending it back, but ONLY because we picked a different Ever Pretty dress. The red is definitely a wine/burgundy color rather than red. The royal blue was just right.


The dress came super quickly. I took it out of the bag and it was just like the picture. When I tried it on it fit like a glove. The only issue I had was the eyehook on the back of the dress came off after just trying the dress on. It is an easy fix!! I know formal dresses tend to run small so I bought the next size up from my normal size. I'm glad I did. I will definitely buy more dresses for future occasions.


