Love this, was beautiful. And such a good steal for the price. I used it as a bridesmaids dress. Does not feel ridiculously cheap to me at all.


Beautiful dress but it did not work for my daughter.


Perfect for my brothers wedding and it comes all the way down love it


Got this dress today, it is absolutely beautiful. Fit was great, except for the length, which was expected, since I am 5'2". Will have it hemmed and it will be perfect for my special day.  Will definitely order from Ever-Pretty!


I've read a lot of reviews where they say it runs small, so I order a size bigger I'ordering these for my bridesmaids and just ordered one to see what it looks like and such, I love the dress it's very pretty but when you order just order one or two sizes bigger just to be safe if your a busty girl definitely do two sizes bigger! But I've already placed my order to get the rest of my bridesmaids the same dress!


Bought as a reception dress, but had to have it hemmed because it was way too long. Also, the material on the sides of the bust area stuck out kind of awkwardly to me. Other than that, it was beautiful!


Would have been a nice dress but the bodice is cut too wide and there is a gap between you and the dress - where there should be none. So,the dress goes back.


I can't wait to wear my dress, most dress I am a size 12 depend on the designer I can fit size 10 I am 158lbs 5' 2 I order size 14 good thing I did. only thing I wish the could of pack it better instead put it in plastic bag and its all wrinkle which I have to take it to a dry cleanner


Inexpensive. Perfect for 1 time wear for a weddi g


This dress was perfect! Wore it to a military dine out. I just had a baby and have some weight to lose and I'm a 38 DD. the dress was so flattering. And the color was great. The size chart is spot on. I wore a bra with mine. The only issue is as some point the top got bent a bit so I was constantly adjusting it in one corner of the dress. But I will definitely be ordering again from them. And the price was fantastic


