Got this as an honorary bridesmaid dress. I’m 5’8” 140. The 10 fit with minor alterations. An 1”1/2 off the bottom a little at the bust taken in. Will definitely order a dress again when the need arises!


This dress was ok. I followed the size chart exactly, but the dress was much too big. The stitching seemed fine, and the material was ok. It was incredibly wrinkled, but I expected that. I think it would have looked great if it hadn't been huge. I would order a smaller size, except that I found a dress for the event elsewhere.


I ordered this dress after another I ordered from a different website took several weeks to arrive and then was too small.  I was 20 weeks pregnant at the time of the Ball, so I wanted something the flowed below the bust.  This dress was perfect!  The fit was perfect and didn't need any alterations (I ordered a medium, am 5'5", weigh 130 lbs, 34B).  The blue is beautiful.  It is also easy to care for.  I got a ton of compliments wearing this dress, and felt pretty and comfortable all night.


Dress is great for the use it was bought for. It is a costume for a high school play. I would say for the price it is a home run! Only thing is the tag on the dress was literally sewn in to the seam so I had to carefully cut it off and then push it into the bodice. See picture


Ordered a size 4, got a size 10.  Arranged to have it returned, and ordered it again crossing my fingers.


This time the right size arrived, but it did not fit too well around the abdomen (my fault, I guess).  More importantly I was not satisfied with the quality of the dress, particularly the stitching around where the shoulder band is attached to the rest of the dress.  It would be noticeable to someone standing in front of me, so I returned it too.


Wonderful dress and excellently made. I ended up returning it bc I felt too young in it but it would be perfect for prom or a young formal event


I purchased the long and short version of this dress. Ended up with the short for a summer beach wedding. Color is beautiful but the size ran slightly small. Some reviews asked if you could wear this very pregnant and my answer is yes! I am not pregnant but I easily looked it, I am size M/L 5'3 160.


The top portion does not fit well, I kept pulling it up all day. :(


Vermillion color is a bit brighter than the picture. I think it is more beautiful this way! Because of the reviews I bought a bigger size (size 6 instead of size 4) and fitted as a glove. I recommend to measure yourself and if you are between two sizes, go for the bigger one. For the price it is an amazing dress!


I was impressed with the quality of dress when it arrived. However, the sizing not so much hence the 4 stars.  The dress was too big on me.  I followed the measurements exactly on the left and not the sizing link.  I measured my myself several times just to be sure and I even got my husband to help.  I am 5"3", 135 lbs and the length of the dress is perfect. No hem would be necessary with heels on.  I am a busty girl and the dress was approximately 2 inches too big around the bust area.  Overall, I like the dress and thank goodness for Amazon's amazing return policy!  I am ordering a smaller size and hope it will fit right this time!


