Ordered the dress on Wednesday and arrived on Saturday :) within 3 days.... It was scheduled to arrive within 7 business days but however I noticed on the shipping label the shipping address location said Irvine California, lucky me, I live in SF California so I guess coming from So.Cal to Nor.Cal could explain why it took only 3 days because I assumed it was coming from China.


Going forward, my purpose of ordering this dress is for my second maternity shoot. Yes, I said second, I'm 39 weeks pregnant and patiently waiting for my little girl, so why not take more pictures to capture the moment.


I ordered a size 10, my measurements are as follow -- height: 5'6, bust has grown to a 36DD now, and my weight has climaxed to 140lbs (I gained sooo much wait during my pregnancy :(  cant fathom why, Im a plant based vegan and walk faithfully)


But however, the size 10 fit perfectly!! The material is a decent chiffon material not the cheap Aliexpress chiffon, and the dress fit likes a glove, not tight at all.


In addition, the dress looks like the actual photo!! I'm always hesitant when buying online but the fit, the material and the timing was on point.


I highly recommend this company and dress!!


Bought this for a choral concert.  Fit exactly to manufacturer's specs.  Measure before buying.  I lost weight before the performance and added a clear strap to the bare shoulder as the dress is held up by compression and a "sticky" rubber strip that runs along the top edge.  No boning, but very comfortable.  If in doubt, I'd go down a size to ensure the dress stays put.


Its a very pretty dress. It runs true to size. Check measurement chart. I normally wear a 4 but i had to get a size 6. I am small built.


The bust is nicely shaped and the added side strap makes it elegant.


The only bad thing about this dress is the polyester lining under it. When you walk you get all this static. Its quite annoying. The lining should be some type of satin to make it stay down. But for the price you cant go wrong. Great for a party or wedding.


the dress was really great. my mother bought it for a wedding we are going to with some other options. we did end up returning it because she looked to much like a brides made but not in a bad way. the color is accurate an the fit is great. it also is great fabric!


Beautiful  in person I had it shipped to Detroit to my hotel. I live in Texas but had a Conclave ball to attend I admit I was nervous I wouldn't have a dress to wear if it didn't arrive or was not what I saw in the photo so I took a back up dress I really didn't want to have wear. It arrived before I arrived to Detroit the dress is stunning in person!!! Great job I will always order dresses from here.


I ordered this dress for a black and white gala in Vegas. I read all the good reviews. I ordered a 14 wasnt sure what size I needed but someone said that they wore 12 in pants that a 12 or 14 would fit, and everyone was saying it was true to size. Received and tried on could not get it to zip all the way (I am a 46c) so I returned it and ordered the 16, so sad would not zip up, I didnt see any difference in size from 14 to 16, looked and fit the same. This dress is beautiful and would loved to have been able to wear it in Vegas but the size din't go any larger then 16. Shipping was quick and return was easy. If you are a smaller person then by all means buy it.


I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS DRESS! I ordered the dress May 27th and it was delivered to my courier service by May 31st with regular shipping, not even expedited! My stats are bust 37 - waist 31 - hips 45 which is usually a size 10 but because of my hips and belly I went with a size 12. From under my bust down fits me perfectly but as expected the bust area is too large, nothing a sewing machine can't fix though :). I could have chanced getting a size 10 but wanted to leave room for error plus the length on the 12 is a perfect length (im 5 ' 4"). If you are considering getting this dress you should, its awesome.


Will update with pictures as soon as I attend the event.


Very pretty, but long.  I'm 5'3 and based on reviews, I decided to get this dress thinking that the length would work.  It didn't.  It was about an inch too short in my  3 inch heels.  Also, the should strap kept falling down.  I think if I could have pulled the dress down, it would have stayed up.  Like I said, it's beautiful, but I had to return it.


This dress is really great! I had to reorder in a smaller size, as it does seem to run a little bigger than the size charts. However, now that I've sized down, it's perfect.  Because it doesn't have any boning, it's far more comfortable than other dresses I've tried.  The deep sweetheart neckline and the gathered waist are both super flattering!  I do plan to cut off the flower strap and just wear it as a strapless, as I don't love the one-shoulder look.  Overall, I'm really happy with this dress (wearing it for my post-elopement celebration).  My only word of caution is that if you're any taller than about 5'7", it's probably going to be too short on you.  I'm 5'5", and it's the perfect length for me with flats (wouldn't work with heels, but I'm totally okay with that!).


I cannot believe this dress was so cheap!!! I bought as a bridesmaid dress. I usually wear a medium in pretty much everything BUT I will be 7 months pregnant when it's wedding time. So, I followed the measurement chart. Almost a perfect fit. A little big in the bust area, the strap is a little big and it's too long. However, I'll probably just wear a strapless bra to fill it in a and pin the strap. If your wearing some heels, the length won't be an issue. I'd still buy this dress over again. It looks and feels like a $100+ dress. Super happy!


