Although the ordering process and delivery was quite stressful, I bought this dress for a friend's wedding and the fit of the dress was true to size. I am a size 4 and my height is 5'1", when i wore my 4" heels with the dress it just barely touched the ground which was perfect. The one shoulder strap did nothing for me though, it was too lose so i just snipped it right off and made it into a strapless dress. It worked great but since it wasn't made for it to be strapless and therefore it didn't have the wire "bones" on the side of the dress to keep it up. So i kind of had to pull up my dress from time to time and it also kind of ruffled on the side. But other than the problems i had with my own alterations, this dress is GORGEOUS! highly recommended!


Just a friendly warning, make sure to write down delivery instructions when you order it. That's where my problem occurred.


loved the dress,the way it had a secures strap over one shoulder was very nice and the fit was great, did not need a bra support as I thought  and the shipping was right on time 1 day before the prom and I was not delayed at all..


I bought this for my girl friend and she loved it! Fits perfect she just had it shorten because she's 5' 1" ,the rest fits great!


So pretty!


I typically wear an 18 so I decided to try the 16, fits get except the chest is big for me ( im not top heavy) but overall a great dress.


Great price and good quality


I Buy a size 10 and results to be very big for me, but I fixed it and I was perfect. Recomended


Compre una talla 10 y resulto ser muy grande para mi, pero lo repare y me quedo perfecto, Recomendado.


Arrived with holes and rips in the slip, the flowers on the shoulder looked terrible, and the sizing was off by probably 3 full sizes.


It's true to size.. I love this dress.. Great for summer hot  weddings... The only thing is the wrinkles from the packaging on the dress are a beast expect steaming it...


Provider 100%  recommended... the dess did not fit, but the support was AWESOME!


