I NEVER do reviews... But I'm always that person checking them! Lol so this is my first time buying on Amazon and I found these for my bestie wedding in August. I ordered yesterday and it arrived this morning! Anyhow I'm 5'3 155lbs and my bra size is NOW a 34DD (just had my first baby 3months ago) #BreastfeedingIsAwesome so I ordered a 10 to be on the safe side and it fit perfectly!! The Bust, length, fit it great! Hope this was helpful for you :)


I got the US size 6 in the nude color as a bridesmaid dress. I am 5'5 135 lbs. It fit perfectly, the only thing I had to do was hem it because it was about 2-3in too long. But everything else fit just perfect. The hook on the back actually broke off the morning of the wedding while in transit between cars, but the zipper never came loose or anything the whole night--thats how perfectly it fit! Got lots of compliments on the dress and they couldnt believe it when I told them i got it for around $30 on amazon!! Used amazon prime and it arrived in the expected 2 days


I wear an 8 dress size and ordered an 8. It fit perfectly. I wore the dress as a bridedmaid dress inmy best friend's wedding. I got a lot of compliments. For the price, I'd highly recommend this dress.


The dress came in fast, and we ordered this one and 3 purple bridesmaids dresses from the same company for a wedding (vow renewal). We are planning another wedding in the family now, and are having dress nightmares from another company (tideclothes) whose dresses come in different variations of colors and lace styles which makes it frustrating to match a set of bridesmaids. We would have ordered from everpretty again if that had been able to accomodate sizes 18-22. Dress is good quality, doesn't require a slip or bra (although little breast support if you need more than some people). Happy customer!!! See photos!


I looooove this dress. I had already bought a dress from everpretty and so I knew what size I needed but the sizing chart they provide in the pictures are very true!


I wore this dress to a ball at 5 months pregnant and it was a success. The bust part is a bit large. I'm 5 foot 2 inches and currently 155 lbs and a 36 double D And there was plenty of room for my girls. I did wear a bra for support because there isn't much but I don't mind that! It was a bit short. I wore flats and it was perfect but if you are taller, you have an issue.


Also the lining was a bit static-y so it would ride up a little in the back but not enough to pose a problem. The lining is also a good 3 inches shorter then the outer skirt so you could definitely see my shoes the whole time but it didn't bother me. The flower strap was a bit loose but I just threw a few stitches in it to make it an inch short so it didn't fall off my shoulder.


This dress was perfect and beautiful! I received a lot of compliments on it and it fit like a glove. It was also long enough for me to wear heels! I'm 5'8 and purchased a size 6 and wore 4.5" heels and it was perfect!


Beautiful dress for my cousins wedding. I received so many compliments on this dress, it's perfect. Two issues I had (and  one is my fault) the sweetheart part was too big and its because im losing weight. Last problem, I had a spot in my dress when I brought it as if it was returned and resold. Not that big of a deal but noticable to me. Overall a good dress


Awesome dress. I'm 5ft 9 and the dress runs along the floor. it's pretty long. I'm 45 38 45 and the 16 fit but does make me look busty which I don't mind! The slip is pretty thick and runs to almost the same as the dress. Perfect for my friends wedding! Hope I don't make the maid of honour jealous:')


used for my baby shower and fit me perfect love this dress


Im 5'4 and weigh about 127. Dress came within a few days of purchase. Color lilac is actually lilac. The dress fits as expected. I ordered the smallest size. The length definitly requires wearing heels as it is a bit long. Even after buying heels the dress is too long and requires alteratio . Great price.


