Beautiful dress. Awesome price. I will wear this for a bridesmaid dress and it worked well being several months pregnant. I'd say order one size up whether pregnant or not. I found it fit like a dress one size smaller. I was glad that I did. Dress was very long for me being 5'4. Alterations to hem dress were necessary but that's ok for such a great dress price. Beautiful!


I was very nervous about ordering these. I had never ordered clothing online before. I am very happy with them. The color is very true to online. The sizing seems to run small though. We had ordered 1 size up to fit waist expecting to alter the chest area. But the dress fits perfect in both the chest and waist. Will only need to shorten the length.  I was also thinking we would cut the strap off as I didn't think I would like it, but the strap actually looks great!! The dress is very light so it will be perfect for the August wedding. They are very see thru so we will need to add a slip. They also come very folded up so they are pretty wrinkled up, they will need to be professionally steamed to get the wrinkles out.


Dress is very comfortable and fits wonderfully! I was pleasantly surprised by how well made the dress is. Definitely would purchase again.


Had to have it altered in the shoulder and length. Beautiful dress.


I loved wearing this dress to a wedding last year when I was 8, almost 9!, months pregnant. I'm 5'3 and I weighed around 165 at that time, size 12. Love it so much, I'm buying it again in a new size to fit me 1 year later.


I wear size 16 and order the same size, fit perfectly. I look forward for wear for my niece's wedding.


Ordered this based on the size chart but when I got it, it was way too large.  Thought about getting it altered but decided instead to return it.  I didn't try for a smaller size due to the fact it was very low cut, much lower than it appears in the picture.  I just wouldn't be comfortable in the dress with that cut.


Gorgeous dress!! I was astonished at the great quality of this dress for the price!! Very well consytucted and true to size fit..this dress is lovely and flattering!! The company was so kind when I contacted them with a question. Excellent customer service!! I'll definitely be a repeat customer!!!


Ordered two sizes larger than my normal size. Had to get it altered for the length but great for the price.


My bridesmaids was so beautiful! I love this dress


