I love everything about this dress. From the fit to the length, it's perfect.


Can't say anything negative..


I bought this after returning a different one and the fit is great and the length is just right. I am 5'3 and with my 4 inch heels on it hits right at the ankle.


I ordered mine in green, it is like an emerald. It came in very quickly about a week or so after I had ordered it. Overall I'm very happy with it, but there are some alterations I'd have to get done. I'm normally a size 8, but in these sizes I was a 6, so do pay attention to the measurements. I'm 5'2 so like every dress it is pretty long on me, if you wear heels this is easily fixed otherwise you may need it hemmed. Also I'm a 34B and the bust of the dress even with a bra underneath was a bit loose on me. I don't know if the shoulder is same on all, but mine came in a little flat unlike the picture, just a small issue though.


I love the dress it's so nice and compliments my body. However I have small boobs so I had to put extra padding to get my boobs to fit the dress but it was still a lovely dress. Though there was 1 strand of string sticking out but it's fine.


I bought this for work formal event.  I ended up wearing another dress but this one was very pretty and the color was perfect red for fair skin.  My coworkers fought over it and the lucky lady looked dazzling in it.


Good color match.  Flows gracefully and length is a little on long size for my 5"5 frame but nothing a good pair of heels could not overcome.  I recommend working on your arms before wearing this dress.  It really deserves nicely sculpted shoulders to showcase the dress.


It fits perfectly. I had to get a full body slip due to the fact that it is super thin. The under layer could have been a tad thinker so it wouldn't be completely see threw. Other than that it is perfect.


Excellent quality! I received a lot of compliments. It fits perfectly but i had to shorten the length which was an easy fix. Overalll superhappy with this purchase


Gorgeous dress, color very vibrant! I’m 5’2 so my dress was really long on the floor and the shoulder strap was loose! Overall a great high quality dress at a steal of a deal price


Pretty color; just runs small


It’s so beautiful! It’s a great price for this dress, the only thing I ordered a bigger size because I already know this brand fits small :) my recommendation is to order 1 bigger size


