I initially bought this dress to wear for my holiday company party but will be wearing it a second time on my honeymoon cruise too!!! This dress is so lovely, I think its the sweetheart neckline.  I'm a big chested girl (38DDD), 5'8, 190lbs. So I can use to loose some pounds but at the moment I am curvacious and this dress gives me a flattering figure!!!  I got a bit of a tummy and I am happy to say that the dress hides my tummy and gives me a nice waist line!  Love the purple color, its like a rich royal purple. I am really happy with my purchase!  I will be wearing a strapless only to ensure the "girls" stay in place (you know what I mean?!?) otherwise, the "girls" would be fine going without. I'm just too paranoid I'll bend over or something and they will just "pop" out and I'l have a peek-a-boo moment! LoL  This is a lovely lovely dress!  Thank you ever pretty!!!


I wore this dress to a beach wedding. All of th bridesmaids wore coral dresses from Ever Pretty. I was a bit skeptical of the quality at first because of the price, however, it wasn't too bad. The dresses looked nice in the pictures and the color was beautiful! I am pleased. This style was by far my favorite style. The dress fit true to size (I'm 5' 6", about 160lbs, 36DDD bust, I wear a size 10 in pants and a 10 or 12 in most dresses). This dress had a good quality zipper and is fully lined. The dress also has molded cups for extra support.


I love this dress, perfect for my beach wedding! Will try to post a picture. It has a chiffon overlay which flowed with the breeze at the beach. It fit a little small but I lost some weight and got into it!


Horrible return policy. We followed the sizing chart, but the dress did not fit my daughter as expected. When  we attempted to return it, we discovered that they have a very limited return window. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR UNLESS YOU ARE CERTAIN ABOUT THE SIZE or you will likely be out the cost of the dress and have to purchase something else.


Purchased this dress to attend a formal military ceremony when I was 7 months pregnant with my second child (so very large) and it was the perfect dress for the event! At the time I was about a 36D bust size with a very large baby bump, and the size 8 was almost a perfect fit. The bust of the dress is well lined (so no bra needed) and the rubbery strip at the time kept the dress in place. The single strap was a bit too long for me, so I really should have shortened it some, but instead was pulling it up most of the night (a quick fix I just didn't get around to doing). At 5'4 the dress was long on me, I wore wedges with a small heel and the dress still touched the floor slightly (with my protruding belly helping to raise it up as well). Overall though, I loved wearing the dress, I received tons of complements on it, and actually felt pretty despite being really large. Highly recommend this dress and this company, especially if you're on the hunt for formal wear while pregnant.


I am 5'7" my bust is 34" and my waist is 28" so I would be a size 4 if I went with my bust size and a size 6 if I went by my waist size. If you are in between sizes like this, go with your bust size as the waist isn't at all fit. Both the size 4 and size 6 dress hit the floor when I wasn't wearing shoes. 2 inch heels would work well with the length.  I've included pics. The teal is the size 4 and the coral is the size 6.  The size 4 fits perfectly. This is for a bridesmaid dress on a beach which I think will be perfect.  It is very well made for the price.  No complaints.


update 3/13/18: I returned the coral in a size 6 in exchange for a size 4 and it didn't fit well at all. The fabric over the right breast was loose and droopy.  I'm returning this for another size 4 and hoping the fit is more consistent to what the size 4 teal dress was.


I ordered a size up because online ordering always scares me :) When I got it it was big and I was very impressed. The size chart was correct I should have ordered a 12 instead of a 14. I got it altered and it was fine.i have a portable steamer because the dress does come folded but afterwards it was perfect! Definitely a great buy!!


I loved the dress especially for the price I am a Chesty lady so I have a hard time shopping for dresses I bought the dress. I’m very self conscious but felt wonderful in it. I do have to say it showed a little more cleveage than I would have liked but i would still recommend it to anyone. Shipping was fast also! Length was perfect for me I am 5’7 and had 3 inch wedge heels and it just covered them and didn’t drag the ground


This is a great dress, especially for the cost.  I would have been pleased even if I'd paid twice the amount.  ( I paid $35 for this dress.) I typically wear a size 8, so that's what I ordered but it wouldn't even zip up.  So, I reordered a size 10 and it zipped up very tightly, but it did fit.  It seems to run a little small in the rib cage area.  But, I'm pregnant (and have the chest that comes with it!) and I still had enough room in the bust.  I'm 5'6" and the length is just right for wearing heels with.  I love that this dress looks really pretty over my growing bump, but it will still work later when I'm bump free.  Also, I ordered the royal blue color and it is so pretty in person.  It's a deep rich color that's vibrant, but not too bright.  The only reason I gave this a 4 star rating instead of 5 is because I felt the sizing ran a little small.


Cannot express enough how much I loved these dresses for my bridesmaids!!! Finding the right color coral is very difficult! This dress did not disappoint what so ever! Not to mention alterations were hardly needed! Only one of my bridesmaids had to get her dress altered and that was because shes on the shorter side.  I cannot believe that for the price they are, they are absolutely beautiful and so very flattering to all body shapes! My bridesmaids loved them and received so many complements! Great purchase!!!


