I got the size 14 first but exchanged it for the size 16 because it was tight around the bust.  The 16 was a little too big under the arm so my under garment slightly showed but no one could tell and the wedding was beautiful. Would def buy from seller again with one size bigger so I could have time to get it altered.


The dress was somewhat large in the bust area.  The dress is nice, but I just did not like the way that it looks on me.  The color is a bit dull, but not too bad.


This dress is gorgeous! I usually wear an 8 or 10 in dresses, and originally ordered an 8. I had to switch to a 10 because the top didn't quite fit (I'm a 36c). I'm 5'9 and LOVE that this dress is long enough. And the quality is way better than I expected, especially for the price. Cheapest bridesmaid dress I've ever bought, and definitely my favorite.


Not for people with larger breast.


Dress is gorgeous! Runs a little small, I ordered 1 size up and it fit great! Had to send back because it arrived late so I bought another one. Would order again when I need another dress for formal event. Can't beat the price, and it was very well made!


I purchased this dress for my daughter for junior prom.  Because the package was so light weight I thought it would be cheaply made fabric, however once I opened the package I was pleasantly surprised!  I ordered her size using the item online measurements.  It fit her perfectly.  I will say, however, had she been tall it would have been too short. But with 3" heels on her 4'11" frame, it was perfect (especially because my main concern was that it would be too long).  She was absolutely stunning in this dress.  And I might add that the price was also perfect for my budget.  I'd buy it again.


Wow, love the dress!! can't believe it's only $35, definitely looks like $100+.  Thank you!!


This dress looks exactly like the picture and is good quality. It will work nicely at a formal event I am going to. It's a tiny bit short (without heels), but I'm 5'9 so take that as you will.


I just receive this dress and it's beautiful. Great vermillion color and very well made. Also shipping was very fast. The only things Is that it's a litle longer for me so I will have to cut it (I'm 5' 3").


Beautiful dress for a great price! I ordered this dress in the size that I wear and it fits just right. No alterations were required. The red color is exactly as it looks in the pictures. I'm 5'7'' and I was happy with the length, usually floor length dresses are too short. The length was just like it is on the model.


