This dress is even more beautiful in person and honestly, its quality is better than the price would indicate. The dress fit me true to size. I'm not sure what size I am exactly because I have been losing weight, but it was actually a bit large and I ordered one size down. My upper body is like a medium and the rest a large. And I lose weight in my chest area faster so I think that is what it is.


Anyway, I LOVE IT. I purchases the Purple and color is very rich and what you see on the website. It's the kind of dress that anyone can wear. I'm 5'10 and it is long enough. I have "shorter" heels to wear with dress like this. Although I couldn't make the event I was planning to wear it to (damn snow storms!!!) I will wear it somewhere. It's too gorgeous to just chill in the closet!  Get you one and ROCK it :-)


Bought these dresses for my bridesmaids for my upcoming wedding and I could not be more pleased! I wanted a cheap dress that looked nice. I didn't want my bridesmaids paying a lot of money for a dress that they'd never wear again. These are good quality, you do not need to wear a bra with them, and sizes run about perfect! Several of my bridesmaids wear the same size as me (6/8) so I had to try it on. The 6 fits but it is very tight in the bust. The 8 is much more comfortable but isn't too loose or anything. Fabric is very flowy and looks great on all body types! For references I am 5'7", 145lbs, 34B. I would recommend these dresses to anyone!


Beautiful and great quality!  In the search for the perfect bridesmaid dresses - I went to all the shops within a fifty mile radius and ordered several from Amazon careful to ensure that they had a fair return policy and this is the dress we all LOVED and the girls (all 9 Junior bridesmaids!) ended up wearing and they looked beautiful!  And the service from this company when I needed to exchange for size or ask for assistance finding the right dress for one of our girls who was an alternate size - was professional, personal and generous!


I would recommend Ever-Pretty to everyone who wants to look pretty at an economical price for a special occasion!


I'm usually adverse to ordering a cheap dress from a brand I don't recognize on Amazon. However, I needed a dress for a formal event two days later, so I rolled the dice.  I'm so happy I did!  This dress is sewn, hemmed, and constructed well, and you'd never know where I got it or the price.  The strap was a little big for my shoulder, but I pinned it with a safety pin and it looked fine.  I'm 5'3 and the dress is pretty long, but with 5" heels it was the perfect length for me.  I strongly recommend this dress.  I'm having my bridesmaids wear navy in my upcoming wedding, and I'm seriously considering having them purchase from here versus Azazie to save $100.


I have to admit, I was expecting the dress to feel and be constructed a little cheaply. When the dress arrived, I was surprised at how well made the dress was. It looks just like the photos and other than needing a little hemming for my 5' 1" daughter, it fits nicely. There is no need to wear a bra either since the top is made with adequate support and padding. This is an amazing deal for the quality. If you've been looking at David's Bridal or similar places, I highly recommend this brand of dress instead. So happy I found this! Will update with photos after the wedding my daughter is in.


I super LOVE this dress! I ordered a size 10 and it fit perfectly. My measurements are 36-30-38. I'm 145 lbs. I'm a B cup and wore a push-up bra here. I'm 5'5 and this dress dragged about 4 inches on the floor and that's with my 4 inch heels.  The material is of great quality. It came in wrinkled so I had it steamed. I hope this helps someone when ordering this dress. I highly recommend it.


I was not really expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised at how nice this dress is. It's flattering,fits well, and has a little bit of stretch that makes it forgiving and fitting for most body types. It's just as how it's been described in the reviews, you don't need a bra to wear it, since the padding is quite decent. Overall, for a 175 lb, 5'4 tall woman, a size 14 fit very well, with no need for adjustments or tailoring. I would just wear it with heels and the dress would be the perfect length. I'm wearing this as part of a wedding party, and we all have various body types and sizes and it seems most of the ladies that have gotten it so far are pleased as well.


Excellent value and very classy looking.  Color is described as mint but is more muted like a sage green, and looks a lot like the photo.  Came pretty wrinkled but steamed out in 10 minutes.  Length was perfect for my 5'8" frame with a 3-4" heel, but too long to wear with flats.  For me this fit a bit larger than expected in the bust (based on reviews), and I had to keep pulling it up.  I'm a solid 6 in empire or A-line dresses, 32C-D bra size, 27-28" waist.  Not tight at the waist and  plenty of room for my pear-shaped hips so definitely order based on your bust size!


Absolutely love this dress... very beautiful BUT sizing was a little off. I definitely recommend ordering a size up! I ordered the next size up, hopefully that'll fit when it comes


Next size up fit perfectly!


Great dress and my dress arrived in 3 days to Hawaii! I was able to wear this dress in black to a military ball and I received multiple compliments.  I do have to warn that the cup size runs small. I normally wear a medium top/dress, but as a nursing mom the size 8 was very tight -I had to pump right before I put it on. I would suggest buying a size up in terms of cup size.


