I ordered  size 8 for my sister.  I would say size is as expected.  Shoulder flowers strap was kind of  loose.  My sister is 5' 2" tall, she usually wears size 6-7  from regular stores.  She is about 124 pounds.  We liked the color is a nice coral color,  pretty much like the picture just a little bit deeper richer tone in real life.  The outside fabric  is decent nothing fancy but decent for the wedding that we will be attending on the country side. It has a good flow.  The only thing we do not like is that the front part there are too many pleats that bunch up and kind of make you look like if  you have a little bit of a belly.  I think if we iron them should be better.  We just ironed the dress a little bit  from the  back part just  to test if wrinkles will disappear and it did work.  I used the highest setting on my steam iron, because the dress is very wrinkled.  The inside fabric she does not like it makes her sweat. It is very shiny and kind of cheap but you can't really see it from the outside so it is not a big deal. Length we have to shorten it about 2 inches with her medium size heels.  Overall is pretty decent dress for our event.  Not perfect but It will work for us.  Delivery was fast 3 days.  price could be 15 dolars less for the quality.  The reason we decided to buy this dress was because we could not find the color in other places.


loved it!


Awesome. I can't wait for my friend's wedding. This was for bridesmaids dresses!


Perfect


Not cute and to big


I ordered this dress in white. The dress was not at all what I expected. The bottom was very shear and the top of the dress was very big. I returned the dress and my refund was returned within a week.


Had to get the dress 1 size larger


Very pretty dress! Measurements are right on and true to size. Super fast shipping


True to size looks like the dress is expensive great quality true to size and color


I am 5" 3 and 110. The length is a little longer, maybe one and half inch. It is easy to fix. Flowers one shoulder is great accent for the simple dress. I love it!!


