This is a beautiful dress for a very  good price, definitely a good option for an elegant party


My aunt looked wonderful in this dress. It fit her perfectly and made her look and feel years younger.


I am usually a size 0 or 2 in formal gowns due to my small bust size. But the smallest size they had available was a size 4, so I purchased it for my friend's wedding expecting to have it taken in on the sides some. Once I tried it on I was surprised that it actually fit quite well. I will however get it taken in about 1/2 inch just to be secure. The color is exactly as pictured on the website and the material is good too, you cannot see through it, thank God cause I hate slips. I am about 5'6" so the length is great with my 3 3/4 in heels.


Gorgeous dress - got it for my granddaughter and it fit perfectly


The sizing is perfect! The length, though, was about 5 inches too long. I'm 5'3" so maybe this is standard. I love this dress. It's beautiful and has a very complimenting fit.


I got many compliments on this dress.


I wore it to a wedding, and I thought it flattered me very well.


I should have bought a size up, it fit well but my breasts were a little snug.


The flowers on the strap immediately fell off, but not in any places that were noticeable.


Beautiful dress! I was 4.5 months pregnant and was worried about my top side (38DD) fitting as well as the bump I had. I did have to size up as per reviews but the dress itself is beautiful and the price you can beat .


I received sooo many compliments with this dress last week! It is gorgeous! The color is very pretty! It is a little too long, and I forgot to get it fixed before my event, but still loved it! It is very comfortable and good quality!


Great color and material, much better quality than I was expecting.


Originally ordered the 12 and sent it back for the 10. It ran big up top and i'm a 36C normally wearing size 12. It fit really well with the new size and I really liked the look of it. Could definitely be used as a bridemaids dress.


