I was VERY impressed with the fit and style. Based in the reviews I ended up with a medium. I thought it was a great fit. I typically wear a size 4/6 , and am small breasted (small B). I suggest it you wear anything bigger you may want to size up. The top was perfect. Had I been a C cup, I would have needed a large.


Absolutely gorgeous dress for the price! My wedding dress was almost the exact same thing & it was $450 more! I bought this one for a breastfeeding photo shoot! So glad I did!


very pretty dress, but not true to size.  my daughter loves it she normally wear a 10 we ordered a 14 thinking it would fit did not, will return


I love the gown.  It is beautiful and as pictured.  I ordered two other styles in the same size.  The other two gowns were slightly large in the bust and this one was small.  I have large girls so dresses are frequently difficult to find that fit with out tailoring them,  this one was just too small.  I will likely return it for and purchase the other style in white as it had a better fit.


PERFECT for my wedding party! perfect length and true to size. my girls are 5'5 and 5'7 and the length is just perfect (almost to floor, but not all the way.) I searched for MONTHS trying to find the right dress. searching all high end department stores, David's bridal, etc. nothing seemed 'just perfect' and this dress, is JUST PERFECT. :)


cheap in quality and cost


ordered my size 14 and that was too small so i returned for 16 and it felt like it was the same as the 14 way too small


beautiful dress ,just lil long besides tht i like alot


My daughter ordered this dress for prom - at just about the last minute - and had a good experience. She paid for 2-day shipping, but when the dress still wasn't here after a week, we emailed the company to complain. They refunded the entire shipping fee and the dress arrived the next day. Whew! We appreciated how responsive they were (and the delay didn't seem to be their fault - it was a UPS issue).


The size/length was perfect (she's 5'5", size 4), the color (blue) exactly as pictured. It came a little wrinkled, but that's to be expected with a mail order dress. All in all, hard to beat this value - super price, beautiful dress, good service.


True to fit and elegant. I was hesitant ordering a formal dress online, but my experience was great! Great quality- I received a lot of compliments on the dress during my cousins wedding. I wore it for my bridesmaid dress, and it was comfortable and formal.


