I did all of the measurements just as advised and the dress is too small. I'm trying to lose weight for my big day so I decided to keep it and cross my fingers. But the length was most shocking of all. The inside layer of material is perfect but the sheer outer layer has roughly 7 inches beyond my feet and I'm 5'7.


I was so excited to get the dress only to be so disappointed in the way the dress arrived.


I make many, many purchase's from Amazon but I will never buy from this vendor again!!!


My daughter love this gown..She is a size 16-18..ordered the 16 and it fitted perfectlt..The color is rich...the material is not too thin and flimsy...she is a big girl and this dress fitted her well.


I was very reluctant to purchase a formal dress off of Amazon, but the reviews weren't too good to be true and I'm satisfied. It fit true to size for me and the material is better than expected. However, I'm 5'4 and it's extremely long, so be prepared to have it hemmed if you're not tall. Amazing buy for the cost.


I got this dress to wear to my husband's military ball.  I wanted the blue color to kind of match his dress uniform.  This dress is true to size, but if you are a smaller busted person (such as myself) it will need to be altered.  I am 5'7", 158lbs, and curvy.  I usually wear a medium or size 8 and I ordered an 8 in this dress.  I love this brand and so far it hasn't let me down!


Beautiful!  The color is even better than on my computer screen- it is a cloudy, powdery dusty green not too bright, very subtle and elegant!


I wear a 34 C  and ordered a size 8 according to the size chart, but it was very roomy in the bust area. I am waiting on a size 6 to be delivered in a couple days and hope that it fits better. I love the dress, it is very well made with a build in bra and for this price I would not sew myself a dress!


I really love this dress for the price that I paid for it. The color was a little darker than the picture, but it is still a beautiful dress. I ordered it based on my bust measurement, and I should have gone by my bra size. I am a 34B , 29.5 inch waist, and 39 inch hips. The size 8 dress fit fairly well, because I didn't want the dress to be too tight, but it is a little big around the chest. (The front actually fits quite well, as far as the built in bra goes. It is just a little bit too big around.)


the dress is very pretty in person however my first dress i ordered had snags and then i saw it was uk sizes so i decided to order up in size. I placed a new order and again very pretty like for a ball BUT it had little bits of lint or staining if i had time i would have just kept it and took it to the dry cleaners but the 2nd dress came on the day of so i had no time to run to dry cleaners.ended up getting a similar dress but i would order again...i had to send both dresses back.


This dress is so nicely made, it does run small though, so i would suggest going a size up especially if you are a larger cup size.


The only thing that was soooo disappointing is that the shoulder strap in all the pictures looks like fabric rosettes and when my dress arrived it had some super cheap, tacky looking little fabric bows that reminded me of yarn.


It took away from the whole dress, i thought about making it strapless but decided instead to return it.


I bought this dress for my best friend's wedding as Maid of Honor. And this dress was perfect. The material was cool and flowing. It fit perfect... I have a butt and hips and the flare laid perfectly on them... not to mention my nice sized breasts were not showing too much but just enough. I got sooooooo many compliments on my dress. I will purchase more dresses from this seller. This is my 4th one for a wedding that was a hit. And the price just makes it that much better. Also, because black is not typically a wedding color it could have looked drab but with the other dresses being yellow and the tone of the black, it was perfect!


I ordered this dress for a wedding that I'm in during the summer - I am 5'8 1/2 145 lbs so i was a little worried about the length as i like my maxi dresses to touch the floor, this grazes the floor which i'm happy with and will be fine for a summer wedding in the grass. I am a size 6 in clothing and that's what i ordered, its fitted enough in the bust area (Im a 34b) that i wont have to wear a bra which is a plus. I will most likely wear spanx or a slip to allow it to hang smoother as well. The only downfall i see with this dress is the strap is not adjustable which makes sense given the adorable flower strap but for taller people like me it would be a plus to have a little extra wiggle room.


