I was a bridesmaid in one of my best friend's wedding and she let us pick our own dresses.  I don't have a lot of wedding shops around me and also didn't want to spend a fortune.  This dress was perfect!  It was elegant and definitely gave the "bridesmaid" feel.  The only problem is that it is a bit long.  I got a size 6 and I am 150lbs, 34B, and 5'6" tall.  The top fit was perfect.


This dress is fantastic for the price! I am 5'2" and it was a bit long, so it would need to be hemmed. I would also steam the dress before wearing it out. I typically wear a size 14 in pants so I ordered a 14 and it fit perfectly. I would highly recommend!


Great dress. This is my second time buying it. A navy one for a wedding and a white one for my wedding that I changed into when I did our first dance. I'm a side 12 in in pants and I got a 14 and it fit perfectly. I also received each one right away. Only thing I did differently is add a slit on the dress. Overall it's a great buy.


Beautiful dress! I ordered this for a bridesmaids dress in an upcoming wedding. I normally wear a size 12, but according to the size charts I ordered a 14. It was almost 2 inches to large in the bust. The waist was slightly large and the hips are Free for size. I am 5'2 and with a 3 inch heal the bottom grazed the floor nicely. The color was beautiful and true to the images. Stitching was strong and well sewn. The dress was virtually flawless and beautiful, but I would recommend it for someone who is taller. It just didn't sit correctly on my frame because I am short so it bunched in the waist area under the bust. A smaller size may have helped but this dress just did not work for my body shape. Great dress for the price, will order again from this company!


This dress fit like a glove and was the perfect length for me. I purchased this as a bridesmaids dress. I am normally a size 2 but purchased size 4 after reading other reviews and it fit perfect. The length was also right on and I am 5'6". I am wearing flats with this which will give you an idea on length. Iwould recommend this dress to anyone intrested.


Beautiful dress! Quick shipping! Awesome price for a bridesmaid dress. Just as well made as the one from David's Bridal my daughter wore in another wedding recently, which cost 5x more. We got it in grey, nice color, not too dark, not too light. Size 8 fits my daughter well - 5'8", 140, 34C/D. Long enough to be worn with 2-3" heels.


We purchased Everpretty dresses in another style form Amazon for my older daughter's wedding 2 1/2 years ago and were just as pleased. We had to exchange a couple for different sizes and it was a simple, fast exchange.


The value of this dress is AMAZING.  No one believed I paid under $100 for this gown.  Alterations were done by a local seamstress chain and were very cost effective. I wore this as a maid of honor in my sister's wedding and I felt comfortable all evening long.  The strap may be a little loose as it was on me prior to alterations but it's an easy fix.


I highly recommend this dress because it looks like it is very high quality.


Love it! It is super cute, fits really well. I normally wear a size 6 and was a little scared buying a dress without trying it on first but gave it a shot anyway....fits exactly the way I hoped it would! It's perfect for my friend's wedding. My only complaint is that it is a little see through! You definitely need to wear a slip under it!


It's almost perfect, except I opened the bag and there is yellow glue and paper stuck to the dress. In a few different spots. I'll have to get that dry cleaned and hope it comes off. I tried to scrape it off, but it wouldn't come off. The fit was good though. True to size. Hopefully I can get it cleaned and still wear it for my event.


*Update*


After reaching out to them, the seller did refund my money, so I am happy with that. Excellent customer service!


Cute dress, but won't work for me. The length was too short by a few inches. I wouldn't be able to wear heels with it, it was the perfect length for flats. I am 5'7", 115 lbs, and ordered a size 4. Would have fit almost perfect if it wasn't for the length! I was almost too big in the chest (around a C/D cup), but it fit fine to be comfortable and still look good. Kind of sad I that I have to return it, but if you are a size 4 under 5'5" it should fit you great!


