These dresses are even more beautiful than I thought they would be! They fit the girls perfectly!


Beautiful dress. I'm 5'8 size 6/medium. I ordered size L and it fits great. It would be awesome if the dress would be longer because currently it covers my toes. However, if I would wear high hills the dress would be a little bit short.


Beautiful dress and perfect for bridesmaids! I was worried about the quality of the dress because of the price, but I was pleasantly surprised. This dress is very well-made and looks like a much more expensive dress.  I wore it for my sister's weddings and received lots of compliments. I would definitely recommend.


I am so excited this dress is perfect! I'm usually a size 18, but the 16 fit! a little snug, but I'm so happy! I'm 5'9", and its the perfect length for me too! Yay


Fits really well. I am a US size 16 but ordered size 14 and it fit just right. I only wish the gown itself was longer since I am 5'9", it only falls to my ankles and I think a formal gown should be a little longer length. Still a great buy!


It s a nice dress for the price, I got a size 8 but a size 6 would have been better for me , so I needed to adjust it specifically in breast area, and when I washed it some of the lil flowers came out because they are very loose, but that's something it can get fix easily. The color is exactly like the picture.


I wore this dress to a holiday ball and received compliments on it all night! The fit was perfect. I am a 4(ish) and ordered the 4 (and kept my fingers crossed). It fit perfectly! (I'm 5'6'' and wore about a 3-4 inch heel. I thought the length was perfect for the shoes.)


This dress was perfect for my prom. I received it promptly, and that was a good start. I tried it on, and the strap and bust area was a bit large, which was crazy because I am a 38DD, but I digress. I got it tailored and it fit like a dream. The color is perfect and true to the pictures, the fabric was flowy and the lining fit well and covered what needed to be covered, and there was room for me to wear shapewear and a strapless bra underneath. I personally needed to wear a bra underneath the dress, but that could've been a combination of comfort level and breast size and not the dress itself. All in all, this was a wonderful dress, and I felt gorgeous. I would buy from this company again.


Very pretty and comparable in quality to the dresses that cost hundreds more.  The color is a dusty blush color,  and the material is very soft and has some stretch to it,  all in all I'm very pleased with it and can't wait to see what they look like on my bridesmaids!


Figure flattering for all body types. Only issue we ran into is that the right cup doesn't have the greatest support and collapses a bit on itself. Runs long. Can easily be worn without bra. I ordered a size 10 I'm 5' 7" 145 lbs and my measurements are 38-30-38


