Nicely made dress. Ordered my actual size knowing it might be a little tight in the chest but didn't want to have to have the waist taken in.


Great customer service!!!!  I had to return it, but was sad since it was such a nice dress. Make sure you Measure or stay close to your regular pants size!  Some reviews said it was tight so I ordered one size up. A size up made it way too loose.  I'm a curvy woman... I wish I would have ordered exact or measured to double check. Might try again soon for a different event.


after reading some reviews of the dress running a little small and going off of the sizing chart I ordered a size 10 when I normally wear a size 8.(I'm 5' 7", 155 lbs and a 34DD) The dress was just a little too loose up top, even with me being on the bustier side. I ended up returning it for something that didn't dip so low. The length was long enough for heels and the material of the dress is very nice though especially for that price!


I'm 5'11" and usually wear a size 8. I ordered this in gold in a size 8 and it fit well and was long enough. It didn't graze the floor and you could still see the tops of my feet, but not bad.  I had to re order in rose gold for various reasons and opted to get a 10 to see if I could get more length out of a larger size. The 10 fit just like the 8 except it was 1-2" shorter.  I wasn't thrilled about this but I guess my hopes were too high that the sizing would be consistent. The dress also sheds sequins a lot. In general, I still think this is a good value, but keep in mind the sizing variation


I bought this dress for my sorority formal and got so many compliments on it! It fit perfectly and was very flattering! I am 5'3 and ordered a size 16. It was a little long, but fit great everywhere else.


Definitely not for a tall girl. I read other reviewers mentioning they were around my height (5'11") and that it fit perfectly. This was not the case for me, it didn't even touch the floor (no shoes on!). The material is ok (even-though sequins keep falling off the dress, even with just trying it out), color is reaaaally beautiful (definitely what I loved the most), the top of the dress seemed to fit ok but it was just too short, had to return it.


Perfect dress but a bit too long for me and I am about 5'6 1/2" and about 5'9 ish in heels. Sequins do constantly fall EVERYWHERE, but for the price and look of the dress you cant argue with that. I have black hair and a tan-ish skintone, I say this because you should always consider a dress that suits your skin and hair color, JUST SAYING lol. Everyone loved the dress and I got compliments all night.


This dress is GORGEOUS!  I am a size 12, but the dress was too small in the bust and back for me.  It fit very well everywhere else.  I will have to order it at least a size larger, maybe even two, and have it altered.  This is the perfect bridesmaid dress, and so affordable.  It is definitely a quality dress!  The rose gold color is beautiful and not too coppery!


I bought this for a friend as we were playing kickball. Thanks to Prime it arrived in 2 days and fit perfect.  We decided to go on the measurements listed on the picture, and not what Amazon said.  Dress arrived, looked great, and she has the perfect LBD.  Remember, this is a sequined dress, so there will be a little irritation in the armpit.  Bonus, it came with a bag to store your dress in.


Was looking forward to this dress arriving! I was hesitant because I already ordered a couple of dresses off amazon that didn't work out, but after seeing all the great reviews and pictures from customers, I had to try! This dress really is beautiful and looks very expensive! So happy to try it on and it fit great especially for a pregnant mommy :-) Would definitely recommend! Only thing is it is kinda itchy from the sleeves, but not bad at all for the price and fit!


