Ordered this dress for s last minute Navy Christmas party. As the reviews stated under the arms the sequence was itchy . I got so many complements and the dress was very flattering !!! I ordered a 14 and it fit perfect .


This dress is Beautiful! I got so many compliments on in all night! Everyone could not believe it was only 45 bucks! This is a must buy for any special occasion. The only "bad" thing I would say about the dress is that it is quite long so make time for it to be hemmed. If not just wear 6in heels like I did and you'll be fine! I'm over 190lbs and I am a 38 DD.


Beautiful, elegant, and fun dress. I ordered this as a bridesmaid dress and was pleasantly surprised. I'm glad the size 4 was sold out because I ordered a 6 and it JUST fit (I normally run between a 4 and 6 in dresses). It's a little tight around the waist, but that may be because I had a giant Chipotle burrito before trying on the dress. I got the rose gold and the color is beautiful, and for the price, it's hard to complain! I can see how people were complaining about the "itchiness" under the arms, but it's a sequin material so that can be expected. No sequins were falling off when I took it out of the package, so the quality of the dress is quite good. I am 5'7" and the length of the dress was just perfect without shoes, so it would work well with heels on shorter ladies. Again, extremely pleased with this product and glad I came across it!


Pretty dress but the proportions were off. I'm 5'4" 125 lbs and I couldn't make a size 2 or a 4 fit in the armpit area. I don't have a long torso but I couldn't wear either size without them digging into my pits really badly. It's a beautiful dress and I wish  I could have made it work!


update: The seller provided excellent customer service by apologizing for this error and offering to give me some money to have the issue corrected. Unfortunately, I did not have time before my even to take the seller up on the offer, but it was good service that I would like to point out. She said they were working on fixing the issue. I may purchase again in the future once the design flaw is fixed.


The dress is absolutely beautiful.  I got this as a last minute Prom dress for my daughter and it looked stunning.. old Hollywood look.  The down fall is that the dress is just way too big. I measured her and ordered the dress according to the size chart and it fit her way to big.  My daughter is 5'6 and with heels even taller, but the dress was still too long.  I  paid $50 to get the straps and length altered but in the end, she had a beautiful dress that I still ended paying less than If I would have gone to a department store for a similar dress.


I am normally a size 4 in department store dresses. I ordered the 4 and 6. The six fit well. So, size up!  I'm 5'5.5" and the dress is the appropriate length with tall (3.5"+ heels.)


However, the sequins around the arm holes are incredibly scratchy and uncomfortable. While the dress fit well and was decent looking for the price, this was not tolerable. So, I returned it.


Sending back.  Scratchy on my underarms.  Husband doesn't like that it looks like I'm wearing plastic in the black color.  Would have tacked the front to close if kept.  With a 44" bust I purchased their size 16 per their sizing chart.  Fit was fine.  Had room in the waist (I'm 35").


I'm in love.  I've never bought a dress online before but this is amazing.  It's even more beautiful in person.  Came right on time as promised and fits perfectly. Only reason I didn't give a 5 star is because the dress is a little long in length and the zipper is a little stubborn to go down but overall I'm beyond excited to wear this to my formal.  I'm 5 feet tall and 135lb. I just followed the chat measurement and matched it to the size that went with it.


So I have loved this dress so much I have bought it twice for two weddings! The first time I was a matron of honor and the other I was a wedding guest. Can’t best the price and compliments received from it on both occasions. Extremely satisfied customer.


Incredibly stunning dress ! I purchased this in green & it’s more of a turquoise in my opinion. I am 5’3 & 118 lbs. I wear a 36 c bra which bought my size ( on the chart ) to an 8. I never wore an 8 but this fits everywhere but the length. It’s about 3 1/2 to 4 inches too long. My shoes are Honeystore rhinestone peacock sandals in blue with a 3” chunky heel. Talk about a show stopper outfit ! The only thing missing is me lol


