The fit was actually great. I am a 16- 5'6" 215.. i would have kept it but the rose gold color on me completely washed me out. Other than that it fit great and was beautiful.


I bought this dress for a formal dinner party. I didn't want to spend a lot of money but wanted a dress that was truly formal. The dinner was Disney themed and I thought the green would make me look like Ariel. I read a lot of reviews on Amazon before buying. I sized up after reading reviews. Putting the dress on myself was a little difficult as the zipper got stuck on waist band. I had to have help zipping it up, but once I got the dress on it fit so well. I was glad I sized up but I had just a little extra room. For this price the dress was perfect. I was even told I looked like a mermaid so a win all around.


I bought this as a costume for a play. It's extremely comfortable; I could move well, dance, and even do a dramatic fall in it. It's a lot of fun!


Really like this dress! It fits great & cant beat the price. I plan on wearing it to a Ball in December  so cant say how it will hold up yet. I noticed a few sequins on the floor after trying it on but not a big deal to me. I'm 5'7" 150lbs ordered a size 12 in gold.


Holy cow are we impressed with this dress. Ordered as a bridesmaids dress. It is absolutely perfect and very nice quality. Daughter normally wears a 4 to 6, ordered a 6 to be safe and it fits like a glove with no alterations needed. She says it is very comfortable.


Pretty dress for the money.


My child is 5'9", it's to short.  Buy at least a inche.


Some of the sequin fell off trying on the dress.


The biggest problem is the zipper, it did not go 1/2 down, it was hard to use.


Will be returning this dress.


Beside the zipper not working and being to short, it's a pretty dress on.


Love this dress!! Got many many compliments and felt like it just lit up the room. I'm 5'9" and I weigh 175 lbs and so I got the size 10 dress. I love it and plan to wear it over and over again! I thought the sequins might get annoying or itchy but surprisingly I didn't have any problems with it whatsoever!


beautiful gown! I am 5'5" 205lbs and got a 14. I do have 3 issues. The dress has no give/stretch at all so issue number one is that the right armhole is a bit tighter than the left and it presses the sequins into my back. Issue number 2 is the fact the that I have small breast and the breast part of the dress is a baggy. I bought the worlds greatest push up bra and that issue was fixed! Lastly, this dress is also extremely long even with heels....like it still drags on the floor. I will have it altered and will come back to post pictures. Its really a beautiful gown and the price is crazy!


There is some mesh lining near the armpit to reduce friction against your arm and all the sequins but I still found it somewhat uncomfortable so be warned. And this dress does shed sequins!


I will be wearing this beautiful dress to a wedding in June. I just have to get it altered because of my short height. It fits as expected too because I had to send another seller dress back. Now I can cross this off my list.


