This dress was beautiful and perfect for my friend's NYE wedding! I was a bridesmaid and she wanted us in black sequin dresses, so I ordered a few from Amazon (all with free returns, of course) and this one was the winner. It was flattering, fit perfectly and it was comfortable all the way until midnight!


I had to hem it quite a bit, a little snug under arms. I'm quite petite and normally wear a 0, but the 2 fit well. (5'4, about 110)


I LOVE that you can wear a regular bra with this! I'm docking one star only because it sheds a TON of sequins. I didn't end up keeping this dress, yet I'm finding the sequins everywhere in my house. It's a pretty good price, but I ended up finding a cheaper, less flashy dress on amazon. The green color is definitely more of a teal blue like other reviewers say. Super fun though--mermaidy, perhaps??


This dress was awful!! The gold dress looked 2 tone. There were a lot of sequins on top and very little on the bottom. It looked more like a Halloween costume. I am a 36 D wear a size 6 in jeans.I ordered a size 10 and it fit but my boobs were spilling out of the dress and it was a little tight in the rib cage.The dress was scratchy and way too long. I am 5,5. I would not recommend this dress.


Bought these for my daughter’s quinceañera... her damas looked beautiful... so sparkly. Elegant. Loved that there were different sizes. Some had to be hemmed as they run long. But follow measurements chart and you should be alright.


I got the Rose Gold to wear to an evening ball and it rocked! Yes, it is cleavage revealing but I'm sure a simple safety pin would correct that easily, but I just owned it! I recently put on some weight and was very worried about feeling good about myself in a gown, but this dress his my new tummy pooch and hugged in all the right places! I got so many compliments! The sequence is a bit scratchy, but I was protected just fine by the underarm stitching! Loved this dress!


I bought this dress as a bridesmaids dress and was blown away by its quality, considering the price! The dress was beautiful, especially in outdoor photos. While it was perfect for the occasion, I do have a few complaints. As with any sequin dress, I left a trail of sparkles everywhere I went. It wasn't so much that the dress looked weird or bare, but enough to have to vacuum every time I tried it on. The biggest problem I had with it was that it tore up my arms. I'm talking big cat scratch like marks from the upper arm to the wrists. It had a liner it it that was great at protecting the boob and armpit area, but did nothing for the sensitive inner arm. Even with the pain, I would defintey wear this again! (For reference: I'm 5"8, 125 lb and this is a size 4 in the color light gold)


This dress turned out to be a perfect fit! Great price point, decent material. I love that under the arms there is a section to protect your arms from being irritated by the sequins. Great product


Loved it! I would say right in chest so order up if needed. It's well made and looks expensive!!


The dress runs a tiny bit small.  Its a pretty dress, it does look a little off though.  Like a cheap knock off version of a department store dress.  It would have worked for me in a size up, but I ended up going with another style.  You defiantly get what you pay for


