This dress looked stunning I returned it and got it in black for a black tie wedding because I didn't want to look like one of the bridesmaids. I got a medium and it was a bit tight under the arm pits.


Probably better in another color, I felt like I should be on stage in Vegas. Not for me.


After reviewing a previous comment about going up a size, I took that advice and ordered a size 14. Perfect fit. The price was perfect for my budget and if I never get a chance to wear it again. I love it. I just need to get it hemmed. I will try using some hemming tape just in case I choice to wear it again with a different size heel. Highly recommend. Thanks


had to return it. fabric was too thick where the zipper is and could not move the zipper up or down.


It had a strange fit.. it had a lot of extra material in the front belly area so it made me look pregnant, and I have a flat stomach. I wanted to love this dress because other than that it was gorgeous!


I wore this dress as a bridesmaid and we LOVED it. We had minimal alterations made to it (hemming, a modesty stitch in the chest, and I had the shoulders taken up) and it fit like a glove! It was the MOST comfortable dress I've ever worn as a bridesmaid (and I've worn a lot). We loved the fabric inside the armpits so it didn't scratch. My only recommendation is that it had a little bit on the inside of the back by the zipper. Overall, my favorite dress ever. The pictures looked fantastic with us all together too, by the way! We chose the gold. Best part of all? We could wear regular bras. AMEN!


I'm 5'5" with a small waist, but a very large bust. I generally wear a 4/6, but because of my bust I ordered an 8. It fit perfectly, and the dress is great quality! I can't believe I found a bridesmaids dress of this quality for such a good price.  I only took away a star bc it runs a little smaller, but other than that, I love it!


This dress looks stunning on! It has a lot of give and is very forgiving of a big meal or baby bump. You can wear a regular bra which is amazing! I’m 5.3 so I had to get it hemmed and I took the straps in a bit too. Overall, I’m so happy with this purchase. I had compliments all night from strangers which is a true testament of how good it looks.


This dress is beautiful! I got compliments all night! I am 5'1" so I had to have it shortened bit other than that it was pefect. I ordered my normal dress size, whoch is 12 and it fit perfectly.


Very nice dress for the price! Used for my bridesmaids dresses.


