This is so beautiful in person! I normally wear a size 8 dress, but going by some of the reviews, ppl were saying to order a size up. I would suggest sticking with your regular/normal size. I ordered this dress in a size 10, which turned out to be too loose at the top. I return the dress with no problem and ordered my normal size 8. It fit perfect! It is a bit long, but easily fixed.


Stunning dress! True to fit and perfect for any special occasion.


Omg in love with this dress! It is gorgeous and fits perfect and is so flattering!!!! Can't wait to wear it for my cousin's wedding!


Beautiful! Can’t believe I only spent $50 on this. It looks like a much more expensive dress. I’m 5’6”, 135ish, & a 34C, usually between a 4 and a 6 in dresses. I went with a size 6 based on reviews suggesting sizing up. Glad I did since it fits like a glove.


Only issues are that it’s waaaay too long and will need to be altered, and that I can potentially see it irritating my underarms despite the lining. Can’t complain about that for the price, though!


I ordered 2 dresses, i was favoting the other dress more than this one, but i disliked how it fit. Once i put this dress on i loved it! It im usually a 12 and bought a 14, the 14 just fit around the "belted" area. The sequince fall off easily, but i dont mind as it's a 1 time use thing. I ordered the rose gold color, beautiful color and the fit all in all is nice. Im 5 ft 5" and the dress was still about 1"long with 3" heels on. The picture doesnt do justice, seriously.


Very beautiful and shiny, I bought a size up and it fits in the hips but needs to be altered in the waist and straps (sleeves? what would you call the top?) Sequins aren't scratchy under the arms or anything, but they do seem to shed fairly easily. There are also clear strings coming off everywhere. Overall, I am very happy, considering the price.


I received so many compliments on this dress.  It is gorgeous and hangs so pretty.  Because it is sequined, it can irritate under the arms just a little bit, but worth it.  I would wear this again any day.  It's so beautiful.


Beautiful and elegant dress. Based on the reviews, I ordered a larger size. The back is a little too tight and the bust is more revealing than I like, but these minor issues can be worked out with a couple of alterations. I’m pleased.


I ordered two dresses in the same day in the same size and the same color for bridesmaids.  One is shorter than the other and has a smaller waist. One has a line of tulle at the top around the neckline while the other one doesn’t. They came with different tags attached and in different packaging. Not sure there is actually any quality control. The dresses are not bad quality and they both look nice but they aren’t the same.


I normally wear a size 12 and decided to order a size 16, it fits me but it is a little big so size 14 probably would have been a better fit, but I can make it work. The dress definitely runs small so I would say order 2 sizes up! It has no kind of stretch to it so pick wisely when choosing sizes. The dress itself is BEAUTIFUL! It is so sparkly and looks amazing in pictures.


