this drees a bought for my daughter in law so she can wear it for a wedding ! she love it ! very nice material and it fit her perfectly !


This dress was very nice, however the armpit holes were very high and as soon as I put it on I could tell that it would be chafing if I were to wear it for longer than an hour. I guess it just comes down to body type!


I love this dress. I bought it for my recital and it fit exactly as it should based on the sizing chart. The sizes on this dress are off from standard sizing, based on the chart I needed a size bigger than usual. It looks great, especially for what I needed and the price is unbeatable. Quality was exactly what I expected.


It's so beautiful but I'm 5'8 250lbs and was super tight won't zip! So if you're about 5'8 and 250+ the largest size didn't work for me. I need to loose about 15 more pounds for that to zip.


Really great dress for the price.  I was shocked at quality.  Zipper is difficult so plan to have two people to zip you up.


I bought this dress in rosegold and I loved it! I was so happy with my purchase; I’m thinking about purchasing the navy blue next . I wore it to a wedding and I was pleasantly surprised; The mesh under the arm prevented the sequins from scratching me.


Thanks again!


great product, it just didn't fit


I bought this dress for a formal event. It fit perfectly when  you used the size chart. I measured 43/35/44 and ordered the 16. It was a great fit. The dress does shed a lot, but I just figured I had to leave some sparkle. I got tons of compliments on the dress.


The picture is awfully elegant, but super misleading. This dress is terrible quality and the "rose gold" color looks nothing like the picture. It made me feel like I was wearing a tacky Aphrodite costume that had been attacked by pinkish sequins (which fell off everywhere and seemed impervious to vacuuming). The zipper was barely functional. I would not recommend this dress for anyone remotely curvy or with red undertones in their skin. Your self-image will have PTSD when you see yourself in this dress, I've never felt uglier.


Update: The seller contacted me to let me know she is working to upgrade the quality of the dress and fix the zipper issue, so these items may be remedied if you purchase.


A perfect fit. I am 5'6", 135, and 36C. This fit like a glove when wearing heels. And it was a HUGE hit at a 1920's themed charity event. Got so many compliments!


