Can't even wear it. I order a size larger than I wear, and is still probably 2 sizes too small. Pretty, but completely useless. I'll be returning it soon.


This dress was great! It’s true to size due to me being short I did have to get it hemmed a little however if you wore high heels you wouldn’t need to hem it! I am 5’2 normally a size 16. I the pic I am in the middle


I love my dress! Definitely should go by there measurement in the chart then you'll be fine. It's always safe to buy a dress one side bigger too if you're confused about your size. I love it and I'll definitely buy it again. The bust area was kinda big for me since my bra size is 36A. So i made the dres something into the over shoulder on top and it's more beautiful. Overall, I'm obsessed!


Beautiful dress! Fit almost perfectly out of the package. I just had to have it hemmed a little bit. I'm 5'2" 32B ~130lbs. and I ordered a size 8.


Really blingy but will probably only get a few wearings out of it as the sequins are already coming off. Wish it were better made as I'd like to wear it on more than a couple of occasions.


I was very impressed with this dress! It was so inexpensive and looked great!! The fit was perfect (minus the cleavage area, for me...it was too low, but I was able to pin it with a fancy broach.)


Do not hesitate to buy!! absolutely beautiful dress, looks like a dress that cost $200+, /it is very long, I am 5'6" and will need to take 3 or more inches off, but not a big deal since this dress is so reasonably priced. Zipper does stick and is difficult to zip, you will need help. when i get this dress hemmed i am going to have the seamstress to add some wax to zipper and see if that help. I bought the light gold size 14 and fit true to size for me.


Impressed with the quality. Sequin clothing usually scrapes skin, but this one is made with a liner that prevents rubbing against skin. Although I will have to take it in from the shoulders and trim the length, it fit as expected for a small body frame.


I’m in LOVE!!! Fits like a glove. I’m 5’8” 160 lbs and I got a size 10. It looks INCREDIBLE. GREAT FIT, great sewing job, well made. Buy it today. We will be getting more for our photography studio


This is a beautiful dress and looks just like the picture. I bought it for a ball I'm going to and haven't wore it yet. I will leave a full review after then. It is February 25th.


