was a little long, so i took it to a local alteration shop and had it made into a short dress for about $25.


This dress is absolutely stunning! I wore it to a wedding and received so many compliments! Only reason I put 4 stars is that the sequins started falling off in one little spot but you couldn't see it and the zipper is awful!


Lovely concept but definitely not suited for the top heavy. Far too much cleavage to be flattering. The waistband rode up to the top of my belly and made the rest of the dress look too big while the top barely fit. I'm returning it.


I am soooooo happy with this dress! Purchased it for my daughter and it is so beautiful!!


AWFUL. Way too small and I know my size. Again, this was ordered in an 8 I'm normally a 6 and this fit like a 2. Awful. Bad material very itchy even. Seriously. Beware.


I normally don't write reviews but I absolutely love this dress! I bought 7 of these for my bridesmaids for my rose gold and blush themed wedding and they all looked so amazing in them! I have to admit I was pretty skeptical about them first fearing that for the price I was paying I wasn't going to get great quality but they definitely look more expensive than they are and no complaints!


Dress was small and see through. Tried on and immediately took it off. I will say the gold color was amazing.


Amazing dress. Fits great and it is so beautiful! Very elegant, fits as expected.


I bought this dress for an upcoming military ball. I was very excited to find it. Ever since I picked out my wedding set in rose gold I've been a fiend for that metal and color. Unfortunately I will be returning this dress.


I am normally a 14 on top (bra 40C) and 16 on bottom. I ordered a size 16. The dress was cut very strangely. It was too small for me on top, but fit on bottom - a situation I haven't encountered since before my breast reduction surgery years ago. The top was so small it cut into my armpits and scooped my boobs together into one weird cone-shaped mono-boob, and I still couldn't zip it all the way up. But it zipped over my big ol' hips and bum just fine.


I'm giving 2 stars for beautiful color, gorgeous embellishment, fast shipping, excellent price.


I'm taking away 3 stars for the weird cut, and the fact that I tried it on once for 3 minutes and my bathroom is covered in sequins so it's shedding them badly. I'm not taking away any stars for the fact that it was packaged in a ziplock bag. You get what you pay for.


I ordered what I thought was a black sequin cocktail dress- it is actually silver. Returning.


