When I took the dress out of the package I was impressed by the material and feel of the dress. I like it, it's pretty...but came smaller than expected. There is not a lot of give in the material. I ordered a 4 which is my size in all dresses I've bought recently, and it did not fit. I would have ordered a 6 but they were out of stock. Needless to say I didn't get to wear this dress to the holiday party I was going to. My lip sync battle where my song choice of Phantom of the Opera just wasn't complete without a dress like this. If you are a small girl but have a bigger bust, I suggest going a size up.


I wore this dress as a bridesmaid for my best friend’s wedding. It was an April wedding on a hot day and it works out perfectly.


Pros:


Sparkly


Fit right tightness wise


Cons:


Sparkles fall off easy


Didn’t fill out chest area


Long!


Sequin dresses cost a bit to hem so I just left it how it was and wore heels. For reference, I am 5’2 and with 3” heels, it was still tripping me up on the floor. So I just held part of the dress in my hands and it worked out.


I bought this for a Mardi Gras ball and while I ended up wearing a different dress I saw a lot of women in it in various colors and they all looked lovely! I think this is universally flattering and the sequin coverage and sparkle are very good. My issues are that even with mesh panels in the underarms it rubs your inner arm and the sequins shed quite a bit...but if you are planning on wearing a floor length sequinned dress that is the price you pay?


Bought for our maternity photos and was overall pleased with the dress.  I am 5’8” and usually wear a size 6 when not pregnant.  I ordered a size 8.  The dress fell just shy of the floor but was definitely long enough for the look I was going for.  The top would definitely work better on someone with a larger chest (I’m size B) as the fabric was loose.  I had to pin the two parts together to ensure there was no gaping to cause a scandalous photo!


I am using these for my bridesmaid's dresses. You cannot beat this price, wayyyy cheaper than trying to buy at a boutique.


Love this dress ! For months I went back and fourth ordering dresses and returning those that just wouldn’t work I kept adding this dress to my cart and then saving it and ordered others. Finally I ordered it and received it quick I tried it on and so glad I ordered it ! It fits great ! Aside from needing a hem ( I’m 5’7 ) it’ll need a good few inches hemmed but for the price the quality out ways the money I’ll pay for a hem. Can’t wait to wear it on our cruise! I’m 5’7 ordered a size 8 36b fits everywhere great


I really liked this dress and wanted it to work. At 34 weeks pregnant, 32-34D chest and about 143 pounds the size 10 was a little too big in the chest with the waist pulled up to the “empire waist” area it has to be with a pregnant belly. I would’ve pinned it to make it work but it also pulled up about an inch too high in the front because of my baby bump (I’m 5’7”). If you’re in your first or second trimester I bet this dress would work wonderfully, and for someone who isn’t pregnant the quality is great!


Dress is true to size and looks fantastic on! I was pleasantly surprised at the high quality of the material and at how expensive this dress looks.  I wore the dress to a fundraiser and got a ton of compliments on it.


I love this dress! I'm 5'5" and 150 lbs and the size 8 fit perfectly!


I am 5'5" and curvy, with a big bum. I have a small chest however, barely fill out a B cup. I do have a wider ribcage area though, so it was the tightest around my chest and armpit area. I got the largest size and it would not zip up. The rest fit, mostly comfortable for the few minutes I had it on. However the material was incredibly cheap looking and feeling. I don't think this shiny material looks good on someone my shape, I got the rose gold one. Maybe better looking in black? If you're taller and fairly thin it would look better I'd say.


