Can't beat the price! Some of the sequins are coming off right away but definitely not noticeable. This is exactly what I needed and couldn't be happier with the price. I am wearing it as a wedding maid of honor dress. My bride couldn't believe the price.


I love this dress! It's amazing! Fits great, hides the belly quite well. Good quality for the money!


Material a bit uncomfortable and ran right around the arm pit area


This dress is so pretty and for such a good price!  I wore this to prom and got a ton of compliments. The sizing is kinda weird, I'm 110 lbs 5'2" and I got a size 8 when id usually get a 5 but measure yourself and go by the chart.  It is a little long but I liked that about it.


Had to return because the fit was a little big and the dress was to long


Loves this dress, too small for my daughter. Returning and ordering larger size. Heat quality.


The back wasway different than the picture. I ordered rose gold, but it looks like a shiny gold with no rose tint at all. Very disappointed. I may return it, but since its for a wedding and traveling, may not have time to exchange it? Unfortunately may have to deal with it, or purchase a different dress. One of those experiences that makes u doubt online buying


Was an awesome dress, but sequins came off after gentle wash. Probably something that would need to be dry cleaned after each wear.


I ordered this largely on the fact that other tall women said it was long enough in their reviews. As the size chart did not include length I took their word for it. I am 5'11" and it was a high water dress on me. Very disappointed. The dress by itself is nice quality for the price, but overall way too short for me.


Love this dress. I got the short one for NYE-going to be perfect! True to size! (unfortunately due to reviews I ordered 1 size up)


AFTER WEARING


I had to reinforce the straps before going out because they were pulling away, one was dangling by a thread.


I only took 1 star away because I love the dress.


