This is an amazing dress, I don't normally write reviews on the items purchase but this dress is worth the time. The quality is great! I read some reviews about the sequins scratching your underarms but they must have fixed this because the dress I received had a sheer material that covers the sequins where my armpits are. For an idea on the size, I ordered a size 12 US. I am 5'9" and weigh 175lbs, I have a small waist and bigger rear end. So if you are more of an apple shape definitely order a size up because the waist area runs small and there is no way of loosening it. As for length, in the picture I am wearing 4" heels, but the hem doesn't seem too complex so shortening shouldn't be too hard if need be. Basically, if you are like I was and are on the fence about ordering it, just do it you won't be disappointed!


This dress is amazing!!!!! I was looking for a dress for a wedding I am going to attend in Las Vegas and being the procrastinator that I am I waited literally until 1 week before we leave to start looking. I went to Amazon first and was browsing and stumbled across this. After reading reviews and stalking all the pictures I decided to order two of them in gold. One a 16 and one a 14. My normal size is a 12. I figured worse case scenario is I have to get one taken in a little bit. I am 5'4, 170 lbs and a 36DD. I also still have my "mom" belly from having my 2nd baby. You guys! Seriously, this dress flattered every part of me and is so forgiving to my belly. I am wearing 3 inch heels and had to take it to get hemmed (about 2 inches too long) and I asked for the bust to be hemmed closed so my boons don't spill out. I am so glad that I decided to take a chance on this dress.


One bad thing is that I think I received a defective dress because I'm losing a lot of sequins and the dress is bald in a couple of spots


The dress fits perfectly! It was true to size!  It was cut a little low to my liking in the cleavage area so I sewed it up a bit. The sequins didn't scratch or bother me at all either. I am very pleased with my purchase and so was my husband!


This dress was amazing! I am 5.10, a 38DD and size 14/16. I ordered a size 16 and it fit perfectly. The material was soft, and comfortable, with ample cleavage for just the perfect look. The length was perfect as well. This dress was affordable, and the quality was superior. I wore this for my son's Marine Corp Ball and received compliments all night long. Thank you Amazon!!


Very pleased with this dress! I ordered a size 12 after reading reviews that recommend buying a size up. My measurements: 34D/36C, waist 32, hips 44. It was nice and snug on my upper half, while draping over my lower half just right. The length for me was just slllightly too long, I'm 5' 5" and I wore heels so it was fine. The rose gold color was just right. I can't give it 5 stars because it dropped sequins everywhere; after having it on for only 20 minutes, a nickel sized section of sequins fell off on the halter section. (I glued them back on and it looked just fine.) The fabric is a liiittle cheap, but its right for the price. I really appreciated the fabric under the arm opening that kept my arms from rubbing the sequins. I got lots of compliments, felt glamorous, and had a great NYE. I really recommend this dress it you're looking for something sparkly, sexy, festive, and still elegant.


I wore this to my brothers wedding because the bride had requested guests stick to a certain color pallet. I got the dress in rose gold, and it is really comfy and looks incredible! I would definitely buy this dress again. In fact, I love it so much I am considering using this dress for my own bridesmaids in my upcoming wedding. Just a quick side note, I know a few other people have commented that this dress looks like the dress from Rent the Runway, and they are correct. The brides maid of honor had rented the Rent the Runway dress, and it looked very similar, many people asked if I was in the wedding party because the dresses looked so similar.


Also, another plus about this dress is that it is very light! Many sequin dresses can be heavy, but this dress was light and comfortable to wear. It was also really nicely made! I'm legit just looking for another excuse to wear this dress!


I don't like it at all, I'm very disappointed. I want my money back, where I have to send the dress back?


So I love this dress! I look good in it, and it's overall pretty. I have two problems 1.) prepare for itchiness. Why they put the most uncomfortable material around the arms I will never know, but I've had dress like that before so I put clear tap over it to cause less irritation. 2.) If you try to follow their measurements they said I would be a size 18. I ordered a 12 because my pant size is a 10. The 12 fit perfectly. Please do not follow he size chart it is ridiculously off. Other than that I have to get it  hemmed (but what dress do you not need to get hemmed really) Hope this helped!


This dress is flat-out gorgeous. I'm 5'7'', 140 lbs and the size 4 fit me excellently. The zipper wasn't super smooth, but once it was zipped up, I was good to go all evening. I wore this to a gala, and got an immense number of compliments. The dress looks exactly as pictured. There's a little almost-invisible netting around the arm openings and neckline which prevents this from being scratchy. I will note that the dress was super long, and I ended up pinning 4 inches at the bottom (and I wore heels). I noticed that there were some sequins shed on the floor, but I have no idea where they came from because I couldn't find any loose threads. I was really impressed with this garment, and felt like a goddess all night.


This rose gold dress is drop dead gorgeous! The dress is true to color and the size was spot on. I was so worried that it was not going to be the correct size but it fits perfectly and in all the right places. I cannot wait to debut this at my cousin's masquerade ball.


