Beautiful dress, a bit scratchy around the arms.


Great Dress. Fit exactly as expected using the measurements given. I am looking forward to another event so I can get another color.


The dress was pretty. I normally wear a 10 but I should have ordered a 12 in this dress.


I think this dress was over rated in the reviews I read.  It looked very low quality out of the package.  I tried it on anyway and the fit was horrible.  It was baggy in areas it shouldn't be.  I sent it back right away!


These dresses looked really nice in my friend's wedding. We wore the gold color. Mine actually fit me perfectly, but I am tall (5'10") so if you are shorter you will probably need to get it hemmed. The other girls in the wedding had to get the front part altered a little bit as it kinda fell open and didn't cover their boob area that well, but I didn't have that problem. I gave it 3 stars because It wasn't the greatest quality (hard to zip. Zipper kept getting stick) but for the price it was good enough. It was also very uncomfortable after a couple hours. The sequins around the arm holes scratched my skin and it was very uncomfortable. So something to consider since your bridesmaids will be wearing these for a long period of time.


Pretty dress, it just irritated my arms too much for me wear.


I left a trail of sequins in my wake, but my son told me to own it, so I did. It fit well and it was of a reasonable quality for the price.


Looks very good for the price. I ordered this dress for prom, did not fit me well. It is a BEAUTIFUL dress and I wish it fit so I am returning it. Just not for my body.


The arm holes are a little snug and the sequins around the armholes are itchy and uncomfortable. It is a true rose gold and looks absolutely beautiful


It was packaged poorly. Opened bag and it was rolled in a ball. The dress is nice but the sequins falls off if you breath. Lol. I'm wearing it as a bridesmaid dress and I'm sure we will all look beautiful! A bit scratchy under arms due to sequins. PLEASE go a size up from what you normally wear if your busty. Go only on bust size !! Nothing else matters w this dress. There's enough material to cover any waist down areas. It's all about the bust.


