Ordered this dress for a wedding I was in and it was awesome! It flattered every bridesmaid and was pretty comfortable throughout the night. My only complaint was that because of the sequins the fabric doesn't exactly "breathe." Fit true to the measurements provided by the manufacturer, so when ordering go by that, NOT the size you normally wear.


I have a 30 inch waist and ordered the 10, which fit nicely.


This dress is just WOW! I no joke ordered 8 dresses from amazon, after also buying and returning another 6 from a department store but I'm so happy this is THE dress for my cousin's upcoming black tie wedding. It even has my husband's approval, which says a lot about his pickiness in dress styles ;)


I'm 5'2, 120lbs, 30FF bra, 34-28-36 and ordered a size 4, which is my correct dress size in every other brand out there as well.


The rouching band on the upper waist/rib cage is tight, as it should be. The flow of the dress below is perfect to hide a (post 2 babies) belly. The cleavage was not too much on me which I was worried about. The absolute only issue was the zipper as others have mentioned. It must be getting caught on the sequin at the waist band rouching but I did it a few times and it got easier.


I'll def need to hem it, because I'm short and don't like super high heels, but that was expected with any dress.


These pics are just trying it on, literally day one of my period and full of bloat. I plan to wear a belly smoother thing, but most excitedly I can wear any black bra and it won't show!!!


Bottom line, this dress is perfect and I can't believe I didn't find it sooner in my hours of scouring amazon for the perfect dress. If you're hesitating JUST DO IT! You won't regret it!!


I bought the rose gold dress for a formal event that I attended. The dress was absolutely gorgeous, and fit incredibly. For reference, I'm 5'5", weigh 150 lbs, wear a 34D, my waistline is 28 inches, and my hips are 38 inches. I purchased the size 8 which, as I mentioned previously, fit well.


The dress is gorgeous, but not perfect. The sequins do fall off, but it won't be noticeable. There was a small "pull" in the fabric, which I noticed only as I put on the dress, but again, it isn't noticeable to anyone else. The V-neck did expose a little bit of my bra, so I used a safety pin to keep it in place. No bra "slip-ups" all night! My recommendation is to wear a nude bra or a bra that matches the color of the dress, so if you get a little more exposure than you'd like, it won't be as noticeable.


Also, the dress is LONG. I had to hem it and wear my highest heels. But once that was done, I was good to go! This dress is a great option for women taller than 5'7"/5'8", who often have problems with getting dresses that are long enough.


I'm delighted with this dress. The price was fabulous, the fit was great, and it looked even more beautiful than I could have anticipated. Some minor alterations were well worth it, since I looked incredible in this dress. I felt like a movie star!


Shimmery as expected. Really long but I'm also 5'2" so every gown is long on me. I originally ordered a 10 but had to size up to a 12 because the bust was too tight. No stretch obviously. The liner is a peachy nude color. The lined armpit is a good touch. Zipper is a little tough to pull.


EDIT: I forgot to mention my measurements. 37 bust - 31 Waist - 39 Hips - 36DD Bra.


Wow, I was so pleasantly surprised by this dress.  I am a big believer in reviews and read a lot about this dress before I ordered it  (with enough time to return it and find another if necessary.)  I am 5'6", 36D, and 176 pounds and ordered the size 12 (it fit my bust but was a little snug around the ribs but not horrible.)  There is a little bit of gauzey material under the arms to prevent scratching from the sequins. The dress length with 2.5 inch heels was about 1.5 inches too long for me.  I received many compliments on the color and style and would recommend it.


I absolutely loved this dress! I needed a gold or black dress for an alumni event and this dress was spectacular! The sequins did not scratch like my friend's sequin dress- there was material to protect your armpits. I am 5'1 so I had it altered on the shoulders and length so the alterations cost as much as the dress (because it was so affordable!) It has a little stretch but fit true to size.


This is an amazing dress. I never write reviews and I'm am on here to tell you if you are on the fence buy this dress! It is stunning! I am 5'10 and weigh 240lbs I purchased the largest size available and it fit however it is a little short on me. (The glitter fabric is the perfect length but the lining is only to my ankles.) it is super sparkly and makes you feel beautiful. Go for it! I have seen similar dresses sell for 3x as much and you cannot really tell the difference. I will say that it does shed but you can't tell where it comes from on the dress. The underarm area is also a little uncomfortable but it's a pure sequin dress... what do you expect? Overall for the price and quality it is wonderful! I ended up buying one in black and rose gold. I loved it so much I took it with me on my trip to Paris and had anniversary pictures taken in it. Overall this is a fantastic dress for a special occasion if you are okay with being slightly uncomfortable.


This dress did not disappoint purchase it!!! The conpliments kept coming, this dress is not a showstopper, IT IS THE SHOW!!! SIZE UP AND SLAY!!


The dress was beautiful, it was a quite bit long which was expected being I'm only 5'2. There was a spot in the back about a dime size missing sequins, I had a women hem it and with the extra material she covered the spot. You can't even tell. For the price that wasn't a big deal. Can't wait to wear it for the Mardi Gras ball!


I am 162 cm tall (5 ft 4 inches), 51 kg (112 pounds) with 34B cup, 63 cm waist and 95 cm hips. This dress fit me well in chest (a bit tight, but it made a sexy cleavage), in waist and was flatteringly draped around my hips.


The length was too long, I had to cut at least 6 inches of the bottom (and I also wore 4.5 inch high heeled shoes).


The color is very flattering for every skin tone (we were 5 bridesmaids wearing same rose gold sequined dresses). The quality is good for the price, just beware that your floor will be covered with sparkly sequins long after you thought you cleaned the apartment (they just fall off uncontrollably, but the look of the dress stays the same)


I loved that the under-skirt was also full floor length, so the dress skirt was not see through like on other cheaper dresses and it looked really nice in pictures.


it is great for a destination wedding / party since it is not prone to wrinkling in your suitcase even after 6 hours flight


