I am so glad I took a chance on this dress. It's really beautiful and fits perfectly. Yes the sequins are scratchy where the touch your skin, but they're sequins, that's what they do. The dress has a nice weight to it and it was the perfect height. The only alteration I'm going to make is to fix a gapping issue in the front, which will be easy. Overall this will be perfect for our 1930s murder mystery dinner party.


Perfect if you have a formal event to go to but don't have $150 to drop on a dress you will probably wear only once. I'm 5'7 and around 160 lbs and this dress fit perfectly, I wore it to my sorority formal and received a ton of compliments!!!!


beautiful dress, and the ruching in front is great if you have a little belly.


The cut of this dress is nice but was just not for me. I typically like the A-line style but it's like this one needs a wider band between the top and bottom. Also, when taking it out of the bag, it was dropping sequins like crazy.  Overall the dress is pretty, just not for me.


Gorgeous


Amazing!


Only one negative: dress is very long.


Chest area fits very well and it shows the cleavage stunningly. Fits great around the waist.


I am a size 12 I purchased extra large.


I bought this to wear as a bridesmaid in my best friend's wedding. Thankfully I ordered it in time to order a new one, it was way too small. I had to order a size bigger than usual. I am guessing because it is entirely sequins, it is hard for it to have much flexibility. So, when ordering it... just go a size bigger. I ordered a 4, had to order a 6. Also, definatley not a long-term investment kind of dress. the sequins shed quite a bit. When I was walking through my house in it, sequins fell off when the dress hit the ground, as well as when I touched it. Fine for an outdoor wedding, but for an event that is smaller or even at someone's house, I would not recommend, unless you don't mind leaving a trail where ever you go! but, regardless, it was a beautiful dress and the pictures looked amazing! Is great for a bridesmaid dress, and even a school dance dress. :) especially the rose gold color! (shown in pictures below).


This dress was very heavy, itchy and long. It just didn't look good on me and my boyfriend said it looked old - fashioned. I'm 5'6' and 125 lbs and I got the size 4. I bought it off good reviews but it just didn't work for me but maybe it will for you!


I really lived this dress! Ordered it for a wedding where I was the brides maid and it was perfect. The dress is very low cut, so if you're busty, it's gonna really make the girls pop. I am 5'2 and 135lbs. The dress was very flattering, the only thing was that it was long and even with 5 inch heels i was stepping on it a bit. Very sparkly and doesn't look cheap, looks real nice.


This dress is absolutely beautiful. The zipper is a little stiff but loosened with a few uses. Some sequins will fall off but for the price, this dress is amazing. It really flatters your shape. Definitely recommend measuring because there isn’t a lot of give in the chest area. I ordered a size 12 (34 DDD) and it fit perfectly.


