The dress is exactly what you expect at a great price. What is even more impressive is the customer service. They respond super quick and are eager to make every attempt to make your purchase perfect! The dress arrived in perfect condition and packed well. It fits exactly as expected and the quality was great. It is flattering as a cut to most figures as well. I highly recommend this seller and this dress!


I wanted to love this as I bought it for a Christmas ball. Alas it isn't quite as flattering as the photo. It runs a bit small and I pop out in all the wrong spots! That being said it is high quality for the price. I'd recommend sizing up!


The dress was stunning but meant for someone taller than my 5'3" frame. I could've easily taken 7-10" off the bottoms of the dress. The sequins and color are beautiful, but it made me look like a football player up top. Wasn't flattering on my curves at all. If you're a tall, skinny gal, buy this ASAP. I wish it had looked better!


I purchased this dress for a formal event and it was beautiful. It fit perfectly (could have been hemed but I just wore a higher heel) and I received a ton of compliments. It was a little itchy under the arm, but after about 30 minutes I didn't notice it anymore. The sequin also catches on each other, so be careful. It shipped quickly and I didn't have any issues. I will definitely be ordering in another color.


I’m 5’6” 190 lbs, 36D hourglass figure. I ordered a size 14.


Beautiful dress. Great length for me. I am 5'6" and wore 2 inch heels and it was perfect. The underarms were very uncomfortable with the sequins, like others have said, but I kinda of expected it. It was a little bit smaller than what I thought. I should've exchanged it for a bigger size, but I didn't have time. It has ZERO stretch to it, so make sure you take your measurements beforehand. I was about 170 pounds, 36DD, when I wore it, and ordered a 12, but would've been more comfortable in a 14. It is pretty lowcut, and I kept checking to make sure everything was still where it was supposed to be all night. Haha


I LOVE this dress!!!!! I got this dress last minute for my made of honor. She was coming for another country and something happened to her original dress. We had to get this one last minute and it was perfect! Great price, great color, fitted 100% as described. the only thing is that it was a little bit too long for her. It wasn't a big deal, the day before the wedding we used some fabric glue and glued only the front and left the back longer. My maid of honor was beautiful!!! we were so happy we got it. Definitely recommended!


Fit was absolutely true to size and technically fit, but unfortunately the dress was completely unflattering for my frame. I'm 5'2 and have a defined waist, smaller bust, and large hips. The part of the dress that connected the top to the flowing bottom had a weird wrap that made my waist disappear despite the snug fit. Weird, right? This dress would probably work well for anyone with a bigger chest and/or hips to help balance the undefined waist area.


I bought my dress for New Year’s Eve and I loved it!! Great quality, perfect length, and fit my body very well! Got a size 8, and it was stretchy enough to fit my curvy body type still. I did wear a cover up since it was freezing outside, but other than that it was perfect!


I absolutely LOVED this dress.  I felt glamourous while wearing it.  I wore to a Mardi Gras theme casino fund raiser, and got tons of compliments. The dress is very comfortable and easy to move in. I could wear a regular bra with it. There is mesh under the arms to keep the sequins from rubbing your arms all night. I would totally buy this again, and recommend to anyone!  I'm 5 feet, 8 inches, ,150 pounds, and the 8 fit me perfectly.


