I love this dress , I wear a size 5/6 normally & ordered an size 8 & it fits perfectly!


Wow, this dress is gorgeous! At the price I paid, I was expecting something very cheap-looking but it is stunning and a high quality dress. Yes, the sequins are a little scratchy under the arms but that is the case with all sequin dresses I've ever worn. It is a very comfortable dress and I like that I can wear a bra with it. I feel the dress fits true to size, and if anything it's a little big. Just means I can eat and drink the night I wear it! I will need to get the dress altered: I am 5''3 and even with 4 inch heels the dress is dragging the ground. Very happy with this gown!


This dress is gorgeous!  On a bigger person it's not as fitted at the waist as it could be, but shapewear fixes that.  It's just so sparkly and fabulous.  I feel like a pageant queen in it each and every time!  I will probably come back for it in black (definitely!)


Just received my dress today and it is amazing, great quality dress, something you can't find at a store. A little long from the length but definitely can be fixed. Can't wait to wear it at my brother inlaws wedding.


Beautiful dress and well made. I ordered gold and it is a perfect gold color. Very satisfied. Was going to use for bridesmaid dresses but only problem is it does not come in plus sizes.


For the price, it's a gorgeous dress. The sequins-work makes it look like it should be more expensive than it is. I'm 5'7" and 120 lbs and little bigger in the in the bust and rear areas so I bought a six knowing the waist would be a little big, but with minor alterations it fit perfectly. It is pretty long but with platforms I'm able to walk in it with little trouble.


It came exactly how it is pictured and the sizing was perfect. I couldn't be happier.


Lovely dress. I still have some baby weight, normally wear 8/10, and now more like 10/12, tightly fit into my 36C bras, 5'10, on the atletic side bodytype-wise. Ordered size 14, probably could have gotten away with 12. It gives me a bit of a belly because of all the fabric gathered up in the front.  It is long! I can wear hills and it covers the shoes.  Overall it's pretty, I love it! No itching underarms as some mentioned.


Had the opporunity to wear the rose gold gown to an annual event and felt so confident! Overall, it was a an extremely made gown and would recommend it to anyone wanting to feel sparkly!  My measurments are 5'7", 38DDD, L/XL tops, and 14 in jeans; I ordered a size 16. With a little persuasion the zipper went up and I was ready to go, no alterations needed. The small adjustment to the under arm area was a comfort saver. The packaging (within the mailing bag) was a heavy plastic with the freezer bag zipper.


This dress is terribly made and cheap quality. there were multiple pulled threads coming off the dress and the zipper barely worked. I ordered up from my usual size 6 to an 8 based on reviews and it was still too small. Don't order.


