It is just Beautiful


Beautiful dress! I wear size 10 and order size 12. It is a little big on the top but that something can be fix easily. Very delicate and classy! I order the blush color! Great buy. No more hundreds of dollar buying expensive dresses just for one occasion.


This dress was purchased as part of a Halloween costume as Ginger from Gilliagan's Island.. Let me say, I was pretty impressed with the quality of this dress for the price. Nice weight fabric and well made! I gave it 4 stars because it did fit me tighter than expected. I  am 5'3"; normally wear med/large tops size 8/10 but am larger busted. According to my measurements I went with the 12 and it was hard to zip once I reached the back. It did fall slightly long for me, with heels it was still sweeping the floor. I did notice a little bit of sequin fallout, but not noticeable just looking at the dress. Overall, this dress worked well for me for what I needed it for. It is nice enough that it could be worn to a formal occasion though!


Been trying to find bridesmaid dresses for months that met my daughters "golden" guidelines.  We could find them, but they were hundreds of dollars.  I wanted to find something more affordable.  Found this dress and it was so inexpensive we ordered one as a sample, just to see and it is a dream come true! Exactly what my daughter wanted and at a price that won't break the bridesmaids.


We ordered the sample to fit my niece's measurements according to the provided size chart and the fit was perfect.  It will have to be hemmed by about three inches for her before the wedding; she's about 5'5".


the top was really weird


The dress was ugly.


love the color and the look. but wayyyyy to small.


This dress tore up my inner bicep to the point of raised and bloody within two hours.


This dress surpassed my expectations! I was so worried about it not fitting in the tummy area and not only did it fit, it was actually very slimming. Because I am 5'2, It passed my feet a little bit, but that's exactly what I needed for this wedding. I ordered a size 16. The only spot on this dress that did not fit as expected was the breast area. I have size d breasts and there was still a lot of space in that area but it could easily be solved with a quick hem to the shoulder. The other part of the dress that I didn't like was when I pulled it out of the package there were a few snag threads.  Overall it was a great dress! unlike many dresses that are sequined it's very comfy and not itchy at all. The dress photographed a lot lighter gold than it looks in person though.


The fabric itches.


