It is beautiful but way too long, even with heels...trip hazard for me.  I didn't have it on other than to try it on, but the sequence was scratchy on arms.


I wasn't expecting much from this dress but I've now worn it to two events and have received piles of compliments.  It's comfortable, easy to wear, and I bet it would look good on anyone.  Even though it's covered in sequins, it has now lasted through two evenings of dancing.  I love this dress and am tempted to purchase it in more colors.


I am between sizes so, based on other reviews, I went with the smaller size. I wish I hadn't, I think I should have gotten the bigger size- I could barely get the zipper up! I'm normally a size 4, sometimes a 6- should've bought the 6.


I'm a 34 D or 36 c bra and a size 3 to 5 or size 27 in jean. I ordered a size small. The dress is too tight for me below my breast around my rib cage. This dress is for my sister and she is small around her rib cage below her breast so this should be perfect on her! This is a good dress My only complaint is that it was missing sequence and I have a couple small patches missing. I will be ordering more. Hopefully I don't experience this problem again. I may send it back to exchange it


This dress was perfect and I got many many compliments.


Thanks you guys,


I looked beautiful.


Ms. R


This dress is surprisingly beautiful.  Looks much more expensive than it is and fits well. It was a bit too cold to wear for NYE but I plan to wear to to an event this year.


I'm 5'2 120 lbs 32D and I ordered a size 4. Super snug and not stretchy, but a size up would have been too big. Pretty long and no time to alter so I wore big heels and stood up straight lol overall loved it!


I was super excited when I received the package in the mail  and couldn't wait to try it on!!!  As I was trying it on a lot of  sequence were falling off but not so much that it would cause an issue.  The dress fit as I  expecting the only real problem was that the zipper was detached and I could not zip it up.  I had to take it to alteration place to have the zipper fixed...


Tighter in the waist, but too long in the shoulders, I was honestly a little short for this dress but I made it work. It's very, very pretty and metallic on. I can't wait to wear it again.


Super pretty but.....Wouldn’t even zip and I ordered a size up under the arms was super itchy and uncomfortable thought it would be amazing from the reviews but guess not.


