Absolutely Beautiful! I ordered the Rose Gold for a bridesmaid dress and it turned out to be everything I hoped and dreamed it to be. I am SO pleased!!!! Well made and even more beautiful in person than the pictures. I would highly recommend it to anyone. It should be noted that due to the V cut design, it will show cleavage if you are bustier. So keep this in mind. However, design wise, it isn't too complicated that a minor alternation couldn't fix it.


I am 5'11 and I normally wear size 8-10. I ordered a size 10 in black. It actually his the floor! Its so hard to find dresses that are long enough. I fit well at the top too but I did not like the style. I have pretty slim hips and not much of a waist and this dress made me look pregnant. All of that material in the front was not very flattering on me. I had to return it. Otherwise the dress is very pretty and so shiny!


 I think for someone more pear-shaped and with a slimmer waist I think this would look better. And tall girls - go for it! this dress is actually long.


Size ordered 16. Dress extremely long. Too small through bust areaand shoulders. Need to size up but 16 is largest it comes in. Will be returning for refund


Best purchase experience ever, hands down. I am going on a cruise and wanted something for the elegant evening. Purchased this on a long shot, I went back and forth with thinking about buying it for 2 weeks and finally bit the bullet. If you are asking yourself if you should buy this dress... DO IT! I am 5'10", 230 (mostly muscle and bone with a hefty layer of padding lol), 38DDD, wear a size 16 or 34 in jeans and xl-xxl top/dress. Hit me right at feet, very flattering to those that have the post baby mama skin apron thing going like Adam Sandler in the movie 'Click' lol. I can not say enough about how perfect this is, and how pretty I feel in it. And it came at the best time, after losing 60 pounds I felt like I would never find anything flattering, but this went beyond my expectations.


This is a beautiful dress at a great price. The size chart helped to select the correct size, it fit perfectly Although it was a bit long (but I think this would be a very easy fix to get it altered). I liked that you don't need a special bra to wear it. The one thing I did not like was the zipper, it seemed very fragile and not easy to go up or down.This would be perfect for a new years party.


I ordered a 10 based on the size chart. It fit well in the waist (I have a 31" waist) but was too big in the top (I have a 35" bust).


This dress is amazing for the price!! I am 5'6, 140lbs, 34C, and ordered the size 8. It is definitely a tad long, but other than that it fits perfectly and looks much more expensive than it was. Yes the sequins is scratchy, because guess what, it's sequins. ;-) The red is a beautiful color & the cut is very flattering.


This dress is wonderful, especially given how inexpensive it is. I'm 5'5 and 127lbs, usually wear a dress size 2-4, ordered a size 4 in this dress, and it fit my waist/bust perfectly. I wore 3inch heels and did need to get the dress hemmed. The zipper is not great quality, but it held up just fine, and the hem was a bit uneven when it arrived. But overall the dress has a stunning appearance and I got so many compliments! I would definitely recommend this dress!


Bought as a dupe for a bridal party dress that was 200 dollars. Ordered the size 16 and it fit with a little wiggle room which I love! I normally wear a size large top and 36dd bra. Hopefully it helps with your sizing! It is a little long, but I can fix that. It arrived in a small bag so it's a given that some sequins fell off but nothing too crazy. I'm a bit disappointed in the zipper quality, it gets stuck on the belted area. Overall I love the dress. True to rose gold color. Can't wait to wear!


very cute dress and the price you can’t beat. the sequins did get caught and pull etc...


the dress was very low cut which i don’t mind.


i ended up returning it bc i found “THE” dress and i don’t go to formal functions often so it didn’t seem to make sense to keep the dress.


