I order this dress in 3 sizes...each one fit exactly the same. All way too small and seemingly identical. I'm not sure if they just had the dresses mis-labeled or what. I'm a size 4 and a size 8 was still way too small! The dress was pretty and I was hoping to make it work, but finally gave up.


This dress was very pretty, and fit true to size. However, part of the straps were held together with ribbon.  That did not make me feel good that this would secure me all night.  For that reason, I returned the dress. You could always get it altered to fix straps, but I did not feel like making the effort.


Well made, good construction. Scratchy, however that does come with sequins. Wearing it for a bridesmaid dress in a wedding.


First, love the color and the design!


The dress is beautiful in person fits well around the waist I'm 5'4 170lb; my measurements are bust:40, waist:36, hips:42, hollow:54 according to the chart I was suppose to order size 16, I took a risk and ordered a size 14 and it fits well around the waist (my main concern was the hip measurement was size 16 but everything else was size 14 measurements) I'm glad I ordered a size 14 since the hip area on the dress doesn't really matter (it's loose and flows). If you have small breasts you're going to have a weird fit there (my mom sows so no big deal for me). Overall this dress is great for the price!


Love the dress! Excited to wear it to my sisters wedding!


Bought for a bridesmaid dress. Needs minimal alterations (just straps and hem really) it’s a little itchy in the armpits but I kinda expected that with a sequin dress. It’s amazing value for the price and I would buy it again if I needed to!


Item is expected. I'm between sizes of 8-10 So I went up one size to 12 and it fits perfectly. I received so many compliments and people thought that it was an expensive dress. A great buy.


I really love this dress and it fits and looks great, but the sequins scraped up the insides of my arms, so I would recommend wearing a long sleeved shrug with it.


Beautiful dress! I am really impressed with the quality for the price. Runs a little small in the chest area would definitely size up if in between sizes. I'm 5'6" 115 pounds and ordered a size 2.


I love this dress. I bought it for my sisters wedding and it was perfect for the ocassion. It was super comfortable. It did not scratch under the arms. I will definitely be buying from you again. Totally recommemd this dress


