The dress was really pretty and is a very flattering fit! The only downfall I have is that I was shedding sequins all over during the night. But it got the job done!


This dress was stunning! Even more important it was comfortable and well made. The rose gold was very elegant looking and was the most beautiful dress at the prom.


My daughter ordered this dress for a formal event and she loved it! She is 6'1'' and ordered a size 16. The dress was true to the color displayed and it was long enough for her to still wear heels. The dress was also flattering to her body type and she received multiple compliments on the shimmering number. The dress did shed a few sequins here and there but for the price of the dress, it was good quality overall.


Ordered these for my wedding party. They are perfect! The fit is great on everyone. Everyone ordered their current size or 1 size up (size up if you aren’t sure) but they’re great. You can even wear a normal bra! Score! I’ll post more pics after my wedding. We got rose gold. Inside it looks more rose and outside it looks almost true light gold/champagne.


This dress is beautiful! I ordered this dress for my bridesmaids. I had them all order a size up just in case and that worked out well because they run a little small!


I wore this dress to our annual kick-off party with an Ice Ball theme and it was gorgeous. I received a lot of compliments.  It fit true to size and I am 5'8 usually size 16 in dresses and have a wide top frame due to daily use of prednisone.  The dress looked amazing.


I bought a size up just to make sure I had enough room. The dress fit like a glove! It looked beautiful, and was perfect for a black tie event with my Opera group. I was very comfortable, and I felt like a queen. Danced all night, no pain from anything except my shoes.


I ordered the XL/16 and the chest(I assumed ribcage) measurement for sizing are 41 but this will not fit at 39", it would be very snug at 38" but zippable.  Since it in an empire waist, this runs very small.


This dress was absolutely stunning. I received tons of compliments at the event I wore it at, even the next day after the event had ended. I am 5'7", 145lbs, 36D, and I did size up to ensure it fit well in the chest (which may have explained the extra length, which I did have to hem). Also, it sheds sequins - not enough to notice on the dress, but you will find them on the floor of wherever you got dressed.


I'm very surprised at the quality of this dress!! And happy about it! :)


I'm 5'7 approx 185lbs, 36DDD. I usually wear a dress size 12 but I was worried about the bust being too tight so I went up a size (ordered a 14).  I'm very happy I did bc it fits really nice. A tad loose but that just means no sucking in or Spanx will be needed with this dress. Lol  it's a great combo of sexy and glamorous!


