I'm 5'11" 230 pounds and I ordered a 16. It fit fine as far as the fit but it was not nearly long enough. It barely reached my ankles, it was EXTREMELY itchy, and it honestly looked really cheap. I was disappointed because there were so many good reviews but I ended up returning it and am renting from Rent the Runway for the gala that I'm going to.


Bought this as a bridesmaids dress for my best friend’s wedding! It’s stunning, and you can’t beat the price. It’s a little tight under the arms but I slightly moved the straps to sit a little off my shoulder and it’s fine. I bought the gold color in a size 4. Also, I’m 5’9 so I’m thrilled with how long it is. I have found a few sequins on the floor but nothing major. Overall super impressed!!


The dress is beautiful.  However, the top portion is not sized correctly compared to the bottom portion.  The chest and shoulders are way too big.  The dress is way too long.  It would take a lot of alterations to work...it is cheap enough, though, that alterations could be an option if you have time.  Overall, it wasn't worth it to me.  I returned it.


This was the first dress I have ever purchased without trying on. The quality was great and packaging was great also. I gave it four stars due to the fitting of the gown. I was tight under the cleavage which is what I wanted. However, it was almost like there was too much fabric gathered below the cleavage. Made me feel like I had a belly which I don't. It's a great price for the quality. The only thing I would note is that my sister in law got the same gown in gold and it was BEAUTIFUL. I think the gold compliments the gown better. So if you have a choice between the two colors. I would go with the gold.


Awesome dress! I to wore it to a formal wedding during the winter time. It was really long but I expected that being 5'2".  I got it the length tailored and it fit great.


I was nervous the dress wouldn't hold up throughout the evening (sequins falling off) but I've worn it twice and it still looks great.


I am 5'4 and about 170 (but I look like 150) , bought this dress and I love it !! But i.had to get a size 10, and it fit perfect other then on the left armpit, area it was a hit too tight and kept rubbing and caused to get red ... so make sure you get a few sizes up, normally in dresses I am a size 5/6. Otherwise a beautiful dress and very long to the floor which I loved.


OH WOW! What a beautiful DRESS. These are my bridesmaids dress.. and they are lovely!! They will need a hem, but that is ok! Beautiful dress. I will upload a photo when one of my girls sends a picture of the dress on them. Def a wonderful dress!! I love, I wish I was wearing it LOL! It's that pretty and the price was also very reasonable! This is the Rose Gold!!


The dress looks like it does in the pictures. The measurements are accurate-it definitely runs small so don't just order without measuring yourself! It's very long too (I'm 5"8'). There was a quarter size patch missing sequins and the sewing around the arm whole wasn't perfect...overall good for the money, especially because I'm using it for one night/occasion.


for the price this dress is better than I was expecting. Arrived within three days of ordering and fit exactly the way it should. Would recommend this to other buyers.


I sort of expected it for the price, but this looks super cheap in person. The detailing, especially around the edges is probably the worst. The sequins are not very dense and just from me carefully trying it on there were sequins all over the floor.


If you really need a cheap sequined dress, I suppose this would do, but definitely didn’t work for a bridesmaid dress.


