Dress was at least a size too small, but that was my fault for not listening to the product description. The dress was exactly as pictured and even prettier in person. I didn't have enough time to wait for a new one to come in, again my fault, but the return was hassle free. I would definitely buy from this seller again, just listen to them when they tell you to order a size up.


Dress is Devine for the price!!! Substantial material and the gold color is Gorgeous!! Snug around the armpits, scratchy too and will have to pin the bust - but- you can Not find anything half as lovely for this Price in a Store. I am 5’3 and about 160 lb and got the size 14. Thank you Amazon will be wearing this on my Cruise!


Beautiful dress that was worth every penny! I wore this to a black tie gala tonight and got so many compliments from everyone! It was a little long for me even with heels, but I just made sure to gather it in my hand when I walked around. It would be easy to get it hemmed though for people who are wearing it to something where people dance.


I used the chart to the best of my knowledge of my measurements, and a 16 was only slightly too big.. I am normally a 10-12. The dress is beautiful!..especially for the price. It's well constructed and I would definitely have kept it had my event not been canceled.


Bought my daughter this dress for her 8th grade formal. It was perfect except the length was quite long, even with heels.  I had to hem it but it seemed the lining was perfect so I had a guide & didn't have to cut it.


Dress came on time but it was a totally different dress! The dress I received was not even pictured.I ordered again and hopefully I will get the right one.


Fits perfectly, great quality at a great price! I got this for my daughter to wear as a bridesmaid I’m her brother’s wedding, I was very pleasantly surprised.  We couldn’t find anything close in the stores so took a chance on Amazon and I’m glad we did!


Ordered in a size two. It was extremely tight. It fit awkward around the shoulders and just appeared cheap. Takes photo's well, and based on the reviews that's why I bought it, but in person its less inviting. Will be returning.


When I ordered this dress, I was super worried about it not looking like the pictures or fitting well, despite looking at thousands of reviews on it. I had no reason to worry. Not only is the dress beyond gorgeous but the sparkle/way it catches light is out of this world! On top of that, it fit as if it was custom made for me. One of my biggest worries was that it'd be too big. I ordered a size for because I'm very thin but while my breats aren't massive, they sometimes get in the way. I'm very glad I did not get a size 2 like iorginallt planned on getting because the 4 was just right. Would highly recommend!


PS. I can't get over the color. I really needed a gold dress and was worried this one would be too light but....well I'll let the picture do the talking....


Very pretty dress. Fit as expected per size chart. Only complaint is that some of the squin falls off when you are walking in it.


