(I ordered this on my husbands Amazon account, hence the name Patrick) I was pretty blown away by the quality of this dress considering the price, and it actually fit really well. My only complaint is that the arm holes were pretty tight which I would imagine could get really uncomfortable without some sort of guard on your arms, or sizing up slightly to increase the space in the chest area. The dress also dropped a LOT of sequins while I was trying it on, but I mean, for the price that's to be expected, and i'm sure it would hold up fine at an event. I did end up returning it but only because I preferred the cut of another dress on me, but if you're searching for this look on a minimal budget, this is your dress.


This dress was horrible!!! I had to return it immediately bc it looked like I bought it from a dollar store. The sequins were falling off just from me taking it out of the package. Definitely do not recommend this dress!


This dress is incredible. It is a little bit snug (and I ordered my usual size), but I would rather it be snug than too loose.  I received so many compliments all evening long. I am very happy with this purchase.


Order a size up but Fit was very tight, fabric was very scratchy and pokey. Ended up sending this back.


This dress is beautiful and truly fit to size. Im a 16 and i ordered a 16. For the price it cant be beat. There was a very small patch about dime size where the sequins were missing. Not noticeable. If u want a nice dress and dont want to go broke this is a good choice.


Make sure to look at the size fitting chart to make sure you get the correct size. Lovely dress!


I was a little nervous about ordering this dress but it was absolutely beautiful! I would gladly recommend to anyone on the fence about it.


For something that is $40 something, it looks nice. I'm always afraid that when I order clothes online they will be small so I got a size up, which explains the larger fit but I'm sure if I got my size it would've been perfect.


Dress was pretty but was gaping under the arms and exposed bra line. Specifically bought dress with thick straps to conceal bra and then discovered the dress fit too loose and had to deep of arm holes for my taste.


I'm wearing this to a wedding this weekend. It came and fit perfectly after looking at the sizing chart. It even has a little fabric that covers right under the armpit so there's no irritation from the sequins. It even works with my baby bump!


