i am soo happy with it. it looks gorgeous. its prettier in person and so flattering and glamorous! is scratchy on arms but worth it.


This is ok. It's a little long and I'm 5'7. The armpits are too small. But not an awful dress...just nothing special either.


This dress is really pretty and definitely eye-catching. It is sequence from head to toe!


The cut is very flattering and for the most part it is comfortable.


I deducted one star because they sequence keeps falling off and because it is a little scratchy around my arms.


Needed a quick dress for the ball. Fit well and shipped fast. I needed to alter the bottom of the dress and the shoulders, but I'm under 5ft so I have to alter every dress...besides that it fit well.


This dress was bought for a performance at Festa Italiana held at Henry Maier State Fair Park (Milwaukee's Summerfest Grounds). This dress fit the singer nearly perfectly. It is a bit long but it will be hemmed. She's 5'3", she was in high heels, and it was still too long. We bought a size 6.


I ordered this last minute for an Oscar party and it was amazing!  Fit like a glove!  I am tall though 5’9” and about 145 lbs.  I ordered size 6 and it fit great.  It was long, but with moderate heels it didn’t drag on the floor.  I got a lot of compliments on the dress!  If you have sensitive skin, the sequins may bother your underarms by the end of the night, but for me it was worth it.


I bought this dress for my friends NYE wedding. Very flattering. I ordered a size 10, and I'm 5'8, 151 lbs. The dress is very long, so will need to find a tall heel to go with, but otherwise this is a very nice dress! It does shed a few sequins too, but nothing noticeable.


Wore this to sing in a concert and got wonderful reviews on the way it looked in the spotlight - The fit was very flattering and I believe they have solved a problem mentioned in earlier reviews.  There were pieces of fabric which were sewn under the arms - Not even noticeable, but that prevented any scratching in that area of the sequins.  I am borderline 8 - 10 and ordered the size 10 - It fit wonderfully - no complaints from me whatsoever!


Style not as expected. The gown looks loose. And doesn't fit to show the curves properly. The fit is a bit weird actually.


I was shocked to see the quality for the price. A bit thin though and order up one size. Other than that it's going to make a beautiful bridesmaid dress. Amazing. Color is a true rose gold (photos look off)


