Very nice for the price.  I should have ordered one size smaller.  My fault tho.


Stunning, gorgeous, flattering...sparkles like the night sky. Pretty on many body types. Well made....armpits are mesh lined to avoid itching/roughness. I hemmed it at home and it looked like it was done professionally. I just hemmed to length on the machine, then cut off the extra close to the hem seam...the sequins laid flat and the bottom held a nice crisp crease. Was shocked at how well the at-home machine hem turned out!


This dress is STUNNING!!  I put it on straight out of the box and it is beautiful.  The zipper sticks at the waist band and it takes a bit of muscle to pull it past that point, but it did eventually zip past that point.  I'm taking it to a tailor to have it hemmed as it is a few inches too long on me and I am unable to wear hgih heels. It would probably be the perfect length with 3 inch heels.  I bought the size 14- I am 5 foot 5 inches and about 180lbs with 38C bra size.  The fit is excellent.  I really like the changes the maker made to the underarm area to reduce rubbing of sequins at the underarm.  Overall, this is a dreamy dress for an incredible price.  I highly recommend.


This dress is absolutely stunning in person! Best deal for a dress and it is so beautiful!


Beautiful dress. Loved it. It even has lining underneath the arm area so the sequin doesn't scratch your arm. The expensive dresses I looked at didn't have that. Great bridesmaid dress.


Its very pretty ....the only problem is zipper, its hard to slide !


I wore this dress to a work murder mystery party. I am usually in between sizes, so I ordered up. The dress fit like a glove!


I will say, for bustier girls like myself, it gives you the right amount of cleavage without being too revealing. I was comfortable enough to wear it to my work event.


Negatives:


Long- I'm 5'6 and the dress was a few inches too long without heels. With a 4 inch heel, it would have been fine.


Glitter for days: I was loosing sequins left and right. The missing sequins were not noticeable because the dress is so sparkly. However, anytime I moved or sat, I left a trail of sparkle behind me (not always a bad thing ;) ) It's been a month later, and I'm still finding sequins around the house.


The dress is definitely a showstopper and a great bang for your buck!


Really a great dress! It is lined and made very well. I don't want to use the word heavy but it is not flimsy. I got red for a Heart Ball and I feel like I am going to look like a movie star!


Being a size 14 I bought a size 14 however it was too small for my bust area. I was better getting a size 16


I like it but have to loose a few pounds to get in it... but DRESS IS BEAUTIFUL


