I really love this dress but I had to have it altered. Reading the reviews, I noted that several purchasers stated the dress rather small so I ordered a size 14 instead of my typical 10. Don't. I had it hemmed (I'm 5'2") and had the bust taken it (I'm a 34F) but the skirt was kinda loose. Also, wherever the sequins touched my skin I broke out into hives. Loved how I looked in the dress but couldn't wait to take it off.


I got this dress to wear as a bridesmaid in a wedding and it worked perfectly. I had to get it hemmed a little (I'm 5' 4'' and wore flats), but that was the only issue! I got so many compliments on it all night, and it looked just as fancy and well-made as a similar one someone else got for over $300! Talk about a bargain! I would definitely recommend this dress! Very comfortable, and there is a little fabric over the sequins at the underarms so they don't irritate the skin there. The sequins do shed a little; I've been finding them around my house, but not to the point where there are empty patches on the dress with no sequins. I can't wait to wear this again!


Love love this dress! Fits perfectly and not at all uncomfortable even with all the sequins. You will be shedding sequins everywhere you go though!


I took the advice of the reviews and sized up which was good (Usually a 12 and purchased a 14). Having sized up it fit well (besides being a bit long, I am 5'5") and I enjoyed wearing it. I wore this as a bridesmaid comparing it to one of the other bridesmaids dresses the color was the same but the sequins were a lot sparser (if you see the dress to the left in the picture it looks darker but thats because it has more sequins). Some sequins have fallen off and the hem had loose threads. Overall it was comfortable but ater wearing it for about 12 hours my arms were a bit scratched from the sequin but I think that happens with all sequins dresses. However, for the price I think it is a good product!


This dress is beautiful and definitely looks like it should cost more than it actually does.  However, the dress is definitely not made for taller women.  I'm 5'9", 210 pounds and the size 16 fit (although a little tight), but was definitely too short to pull off and there was not enough material at the bottom to make it any longer.  If the manufacturer actually reads these reviews, I think they should make "tall" options for the sizes (i.e., 12T, 14T, 16T) for those of us who aren't petite.  I also agree with other people's reviews that the sequins are pretty scratchy, especially underneath the arms.  Overall, I would have loved to wear this dress to the ball I'm going to, but the fit just wasn't right.  Luckily, I found another dress here on Amazon that worked out PERFECTLY!


This dress is surprisingly pretty and well made for the price.  I am a 10-12 and ordered a 16 because of the Chinese sizing.  I probably could have worn a 14.  The problem with this dress is that it is gathered in the front only and smooth in the back so it creates a "tummy bulge" in the front.  If it were gathered all around this would not be the case.  I returned it for this reason.


Perfect for the occasion and yay for Prime! I wanted a super sparkly dress for Mom Prom but I didn’t want to pay a ton. It was just a teeny bit long since I wore flats, but not so much that it bothered me. I’m 5’7” and about 175 lbs, and got a size XL. I marked “fits as expected” because the other reviews said size up, and so I did, thankfully! I got a ton of compliments and the sequins didn’t bother the insides of my arms at all. If I wear it again, I will add a stitch or two in the v-neck to keep it from separating, but it wasn’t a big deal and I was so happy that I could wear a normal bra under it!


Bought for a bridesmaid dress, fit my granddaughter but will need to be shortened at least 2-4 inches  She is 5'10" so this does run long.  Also will have to make a little adjustment to the top to have it fit her just right.  This will either be a bridesmaid dress, or prom dress  Just waiting for bride to decide.  The quality is so much more than expected and the price is unbeatable.


I know you're reading this because you're leery about buying a dress online. I was, too!  Do not despair or worry any longer, this is a fabulous dress! You will look like two million bucks! Go by the size chart they provide and you'll be golden. I can usually wear a 10 or 12, depending on the cut off the dress. I ordered the rose gold using the seller's size chart (a size 12- I am 5'10, 38-30-42, smaller on top and hippy on the bottom) and the size 10 in the navy (they were out of 12s, but I loved the color and wanted to give it a go). The rose gold fit beautifully and I am super pleased with it. I am ordered it to wear it for formal night on a cruise this week! The navy fit my waist and hips okay, but the bust was tighter and the major issue was the arm holes were so much smaller and tight, pulling down on my shoulders. It felt like they were 2" too small and made the sequins dig into my skin. Sadly, I will be sending the navy one back. I had time, so I ordered a few and tried them out. The return and exchange process is very easy. Give this dress a try! It is so sparkly and elegant looking in person!


I was so hesitant to buy this because I read reviews saying it runs small. But I measured myself and used the size chart they provide to figure out what size I needed. It fit perfect! I wore it to a gatsby themed party and received compliments the entire night. The only issue I had was that it was a bit long and I constantly had to hold my dress to dance. But besides that, it was a great purchase


