This dress scratches under the arm. It's a beautiful dress on...but I couldn't go all night at a ball with that itching and scratching!


It was nice but just wasn't what I was looking for.  I am not going to lower my rating because if that.


WOW!! OMGOSH this dress is a lifesaver! for my Bridesmaids, I didn't want them spending $$$ for a dress due to my wedding and this dress was very similar to the dress we were about to rent! I bought one for me to try it out- before I asked my ladies to buy it. I received the order SUPER FAST and on a Sunday! The dress came packaged nice! The SMELL was VERY GOOD- it had a soft clean fragrance. The size was perfect i ordered a 12 and it fit like a glove! The dress was clean and well made. A few of the sequins fell off but that is not an issue- the dress is under 50- and with all the ++ the loose small parts was no worry. The ladies will love this! and we get our look for our big day!


Beautiful dress, but not true to size, so I had to return it.  The bottom fit, but the back would not zip.


The dress is beautiful!! Fits great I’m 5’1 was pretty long but my mom fixed it for me.. I️ weight 140 so I️ bought a size 6 and it’s great looks elegant.


Gorgeous !! Bought for a formal event. Just had a baby and I love the fit and easy access to the breast for pumping purposes. The feel is lovely. I can't wait to wear it for my upcoming event!  Important to measure and follow guidelines. Color is beautiful too


I’m 5 foot 7 and 155 pounds and I ordered a size 8 and it fit just fine. It was a little tight to zip up but still comfortable. It’s floor length which I love.


My bridesmaids will be ordering these!


Super pretty, true to size, appreciated the extra protection on the arm holes and neckline so the sequins don't rub to much. The sequins do shed a little so I had to vacuum after myself in my house. But a great deal


Fit well; the size chart was accurate. I purchased as a potential bridesmaid dress. I returned it because I found another style that worked better but would buy again if I need this style! I would have had to have it hemmed, being 5"1'. Great product though!


Purchased a size bigger and still it's a little tight in the chest area.  But the dress itself is pretty


