Dress fits perfectly if you use the sizing guide they provide.  The rose pink is a lovely color and well made


A bit long needs to be hemmed 5'2" 125 lbs size 12 fit perfectly


The dress was beautiful and i received many compliments, however, the sequins do rub against your arm. Sober, you def notice. Otherwise, don’t think i would have thought about it had i been drinking. Also, I’m 5’7” and the outer layer of the dress hit the floor exactly while the lining was at my ankles. I wore sandals so it wouldn’t be too short. I’m also usually a women’s size 10-12 (180 lbs and 36 DD) and the 16 fit perfectly. It is a bit low cut in the front but a safety pin will do for a bit more modesty.


I bought the black dress, and though it fit right almost everywhere, the bust was too small.  So, ordered the rose gold in a size up, and it fit perfectly in the bust!  I am having it taken in everywhere else, and also hemmed up as it is super long.  Absolutely stunning dress for the price!  Can't wait to wear this next week for a wedding!


It was beautiful but I wanted something more form fitted. But it hides the little bump on our bellies after 50 years old or just having a baby. It definitely makes a great bridesmaid dresses. Very flattering.


It is very beautiful for the price. I am a tall woman and the size 12 is so long, even with heels! I will have to have it altered. Other than that, it is a gorgeous dress that I cannot wait to wear to my sister's wedding.


Followed the measurement guideline and it fit as to be expected. I ordered in Gold but it looks more like a muted gold so I’m a little upset about that but it’s a very nice dress for the price. My only big complaint is that the sequins fall off like crazy! Just opening it and trying it on causes so many sequins to be all over my floor.


After reading the reviews, I sort of knew what I was getting in to. The top part is definitely a little tighter fitting than it should be, but the size I got fits fairly well. I certainly don't feel like the life is being squeezed out of me by a "too small" top. I did notice that since this is fully sequined, that your arms will get tender if you're moving them around too much. I'm 5'5" and the dress is about 3"-4" too long. I'm going to take it to a tailor to see if I can get it hemmed up, as I'm hoping to wear it to a wedding this weekend. Otherwise, the dress looks very nice and is definitely different from most dresses you see.


I bought this as a possible option for an upcoming wedding - looking at the review photos I thought this would be a very flattering option. I was disappointed. The dress itself is as pictured - very pretty - however it sheds little black particles EVERYWHERE. I am 5’1” 168lb and 36D bust. I normally wear a size 10us and I bought this dress in a size 14. The waist fits correctly but the bust was huge and just fell off my shoulders. Of course it could be easy to alter - but I just didn’t like the look of it on. It felt very bulky and overall I decided to go with the 2nd dress option I purchased. This could work for some ladies who are taller and curvier than me but it just wasn’t worth it to me to make it work.


I agree with the other reviewers on here, you can't beat the look for the price. Wore the dress for dinner on a cruise and it was a hit! Fair warning I'm a bustier girl and the cleavage can get a little revealing, but I don't think it was "too" over the top. Also, the company added some cloth to the side under your arms, Iknow that was a huge issue before. Had no issues on my arms at all! but this dress and look fab all night! You won't regret it!


Looks like a 5!! Feels like a 2 or 3 - I am hoping I can figure out how to keep the sequin edges on the shoulders, armpits and chest from turning under and digging in!! It is really pretty and flattering - seriously hurts though when it has been on a half hour or more. I'm keeping it and will try to work something out.


