5'5" ... 36DD - 40" bust ... 160 lbs.


Size 14


Hemmed dress 6" shorter - not wearing heals


MANY MANY MANY COMPLIMENTS !!


Great dress for the price !!


I don't think I've ever written a one-star review before, so believe me when I say that I am not the type to criticize with abandon when an item arrives late or has slight defects.  I've purchased many items of clothing before where researching the size chart was crucial, and it was my assumption that purchasing this dress would be no different.  I was nervous -- $50 is a lot of money to spend on a dress sight unseen -- but it looked lovely on the model, and it would have made the perfect NYE dress, so I took the plunge.


To say the dress I received in the mail about 30 minutes ago disappointed me would be a great understatement.  From the moment I pulled this dress out of the box, I was concerned: the sequins look far cheaper than the pictures I saw online; the lining felt cheap and staticky.  Then came the great displeasure of attempting to wrestle the garment onto my apparently unwilling body: although I am intimately familiar with my own measurements and followed the size chart in every category, this dress fit exactly nowhere.  It was insanely tight in the waist, with super small arm holes.  In the five minutes it spent out of the bag it came in, seven sequins fell off.


TL;DR: this dress looks cheap and tacky in person and the size chart is inaccurate.


This dress was is awesome! I cannot believe this dress was so inexpensive. I bought it with the thought in mind that it only needed to last one evening, but it held up great during the 8 hours I wore it. I took one star off for the zipper. It was difficult to zip and unzip even when on the hanger.


I am updating this rating to a four. Kate Kasin has remedied the situation and acted fairly and promptly. The previous post reflected the original transaction but this post is an update to state that I am satisfied with the customer service and would buy from Kate Kasin in the future.


Original Post:


The reason I am giving this product a three is because the dress is beautiful but it was sent to me damaged. In the back of the dress there was a very noticeable hole. The material is sequins and mesh so it was time consuming trying to close the hole without damaging the dress. I am not sure if was an oversight or sent to me to this way in order to meet the delivery deadline. I found this last minute as a prom dress and I loved the look and did not have time to send it back.


Beautiful red dress. a number of areas were small defects but I had to bring it to the tailor to hem it anyway. Two other adjustments necessary were the neckline was very revealing (tightened that up a bit) and the side seam was sewed incorrectly causing a bulge on the left hip area. The tailor was able to open the waist and correct that gathering, hem it, and stitch the neckline - cost for this was $65 on top of the cost of the dress. The bottom of the zipper area could use a slight alter but I wasn't expecting a masterpiece for this price. I'm pretty happy with it now.


This dress is so elegant! Great buy! Comfortable and doesn't feel heavy with all the sequins. Can rub a little bit at the inside of the upper arm because of the sequins though. Fits very nicely!


I bought the size 14 and it fits just right with some room for tacos. A bit big on my chest area but I'm a little small there anyway. Perfect length for walking comfortably in kitten heels, I'm 5'6" and with flats, the dress is a bit long. Overall a very good buy and my new favorite formal


It's a beautiful color dress, I was excited to find this.  The drape was a bit off though, the skirt part kind of bubbles out and looked like I had a few more inches around my waist then I do, and trust me,  I don't need to add more!  The sequins around the arm holes were also very scratchy.


I wound up returning it because it didn't work out for me, but still give it a solid 4 stars.  It was very well made and didn't feel cheap at all given the price.  With the right body type, I think this would look stunning.


 This dress is absolutely perfect. I had 12 bridesmaids, and as it goes all had different body shapes plus one was even 5 months pregnant and they all looked gorgeous! I swear all of them raved about this dress, and I didn’t have the type of bridesmaids that would have said they liked it, if they didn’t (I mean one girl, even after she agreed to be a bridesmaid and I had purchased her the dress, when she discovered she was part of a group of 12 girls, she told me that she didn’t want to do it anymore, because she thought there were only 3 or 4 girls, but with 12 she wouldn’t stand out! As if that wasn’t already ludicrous enough, she added that I could give her the dress anyway and as she would use at an other event. I obviously didn’t).


I ordered the dresses in the rose gold color, and they all looked so pretty and sparkly, without being in your face kind of sparkle. The only thing you need to be aware of is to order just one size bigger. Lastly, can we talk about the price!? $50 for such a stunning dress that looks like it cost $200-300 (I have bridesmaids dresses in my closet that have cost me that and I will never wear again). I mean the details and all together look is that of heavy priced dress, it even has underlining not to scratch your underarms, to me at least, it can’t get better than that! I ended up buying these as the gift for my bridesmaids and I couldn’t be any happier with myself for buying these dresses.


P.S.: If you are a future bride reading this, do yourself a favor and only pick bridesmaids that you know well and understand that the day of your wedding is not their just personal photoshoot session. Trust me just because you might feel obligated to ask them as bridesmaids, because they are your family or your future husband’s, they won’t feel obligated to care that is your day or decent enough to get you a gift or even a greeting card.


These were sooooo beautiful for my bridesmaids. They definitely run very small so what we did was went out to get measurements and then ordered based off of measurements, not size and they fit perfectly. They are very long, so if you’re on the shorter side you will definitely need alterations. Other than that they are perfect :)


