This dress fit perfectly for the event to which I wore it. I look forward to being able to wear it avain soon.


Fits like a dream. I got so many compliments.


This was a gorgeous dress but the sizes run small and the color was not very flattering for my skin tone. Returned with no issue.


The bust on this gown runs very small. I'm a size 6 with a 34D cup and I had to order this dress in a size 12 to fit my bust. Woof. I hate having to size up. But the dress is gorgeous, so, there's that.


Very pretty, I'm only 5'2 so I always expect to need things altered. I will need the top altered a bit and then a pretty good hem even with heels. Very good for the price. I'm wearing it to a formal wedding. I'm also a size 10 lately in jeans and that's the size I ordered in the dress. Fits perfect size wise.


So comfortable and very pretty!


I am 5'7, 35 weeks pregnant at 204 lbs and this dress is perfect! I bought a size 16 light gold. Its not cheap feeling, either its actually well made. Its the perfect length for wearing 4" heels but since that won't be happening with my puffy feet I'll have to opt for a bit of a platform flat to make up the difference *shrug*


The sequins are small and not the old school tacky ones but they could still get uncomfortable if you rub your arms against your sides so be mindful of that. There's really no way around it with sequins so its no fault of the dress.


I love it, though and can't wait to wear it to some upcoming events!


Great Quality


Beautiful rose gold color. The lining isn't itchy and there is some extra lining under the arm so it isn't itchy there either. I'm about 5'6" and it is slightly long for me. It's also a bit low cut but nothing an extra stitch can't fix. Awesome buy for the price!


I didn't end up keeping this dress because it was long and I didn't have time to get it altered but it was beautiful and fit like a glove! I am 5'2", about 125 pounds and the small fit perfectly. Beautiful dress - not cheap looking or feeling. Great quality for the price


