I tried this dress on out of the package and it's is georgous.. I'm 5'9" and I weigh 240.. thick and solid but the dress for perfect I ordered a 16.. the zipper gave us a time.. I I dint get it completely zip but I'm thinking of changing the zipper out..


When I first saw this dress I couldn't believe it was so inexpensive. I almost thought it was too good to be true. I ordered the rose gold color, it came in the mail within a week and it blew me away. This dress easily looks about $200-$300 with the beautiful sequins and overall style. I'm also a fairly curvy woman and it fit amazing. I will definitely be ordering from this seller again.


My bridesmaids love them!! They are long though so they will have to get them altered .  But still a great price


Beautiful dress. Ordered for maternity session and it was perfect!! This is the blush gold and the color was great.


Beautiful dress! For only $40 its a steal! I got compliments all night!!! Fits true to size, but if you are between weight I would size up.


After reading reviews, I ordered a size up. I wish I had ordered my size because it was a bit too big. I'm 5'6 135 lbs. I should have stuck with a 4. The size 6 was loose but it still turned out beautiful. I just got to eat more ;)


Dress is perfect for the price and the sequins do not irritate my skin! I'm 5'6" and over 200 lbs and I took a risk buying a size 16 dress when I where a 16 in plus sizes. It's a little snug a nothing that will cause much concern, and for 43.99 I will make it work honey!


I got so many compliments on this dress! It's so pretty and light to wear. I've gained weight and had to order a size 10, but I still felt beautiful wearing it and it fits the hour glass shape very well.


The down side and why I didn't give it five stars: the arm holes are small, it's almost as if they didn't adjust it for the bigger size. It made it uncomfortable at times and I was constantly adjusting it. The other thing was the sequins under the arm chafed so badly. They added a small bit of fabric right under the arm, but not further enough down. I have a lovely rash on both arms from it, but the dress is still lovely and I would wear it again.


The things we do to look good :)


It does run a little small in the shoulders, but I am small chested (32B) and knew that sizing up will not work. Overall the dress fits great. I am usually a size 0-2 and the 2 fits fine.


I wore this rose gold sequin gown last night to a charity event and it was perfect! I'm 5'6",160lbs, and the 10 fit perfect. The arm holes are a little small and there was some minor underarm sequin scratching but that is to be expected. It is fully lined so theres no scratchy issues there and it is not sheer. It is well worth the price and looks to be way more expensive than what it really is. I definitely recommend this dress.


