This dress is beautifully made. Bust area has good room. To the floor you will need some heels!


Returned it.  Scratchy in the armpits.


Beautiful! This same dress would have been $300.00 in bridal boutiques. Great product, great price and my girls looked amazing in them.


I will update when I get exchanged size....love this dress but the bust is too small for me.  Trying a bigger size.  Runs about a size bigger then your actual.


This is a very beautiful dress.  I decided fairly last minute I was going to attend a black-tie awards show, so I purchased several dresses on Amazon via Prime, with the thought of returning all but one.  This was the winner from the second I pulled it out of the package, the other dresses didn't stand a chance!


It looks like a very expensive dress, and the rose gold is on trend and very flattering.  At the event I was surrounded by women who easily paid five to six times what I did for their dresses and I didn't look out of place.  I got so many compliments, and was told by more than one person that they thought it was from a very expensive designer!


The only downside is the fabric is a bit scratchy, but I don't think there is a single sequin gown out there there doesn't have that issue.  This might not be the dress for you if you have sensitive skin.  I wore the dress for about three hours and I was fine.


This dress is long, I'm about 5'7" with the heels I wore and I needed to take up the hem about an inch and a half.  Tall ladies shouldn't have a problem.


I originally purchased a 16, since that's what the size chart recommend, but it was too big for me.  I ended up returning it and went with a 14 (thank you, Amazon Prime!) and it was pretty much perfect with the help of some dress tape.  I normally wear a 12 off the rack, so sizing up once from your normal size would be a good idea.


I can't recommend this dress enough!


Fit nice! Sexy


The dress quality is ok. Even to the price but not tacky. The size runs one-two sizes small. I wear a 4 and bought a 6. Super tight through chest area but it zipped. I’m a 34 D


I ordered this a bit large to ensure it fit. I altered it to fit perfect. This dress is lovely I wore it for a wedding and it was beautiful.


It is a beautiful dress, just did not fit in chest area.  I wear 36c.


Fit as expected but got it altered for my daughter who used it in a pageant.


