This dress is super cute, comfy, and well made. The only issue I have is that it looks weird across my boobs. If I make it a V-neck as shown it bunches really weird on the left side. It kind of works as an asymmetrical neckline. I am keeping it because it is so comfortable and modest. I bought a blanket scarf to wear and cover the neck area.


Very lovely dress.  Comes right to me knee. I am 5' 4" and wear a size 10 dress.  I ordered a large and it fits really nice. Nice fit around tummy for a control.  I would have like it a little shorter, but it is still a very nice dress and plan on keeping it. It will be a great spring/summer dress.


This is a Great dress for the price you can't go wrong, nice material, nice drape. I'm 5'2", 135 lbs, 36 c bra size. Medium fits perfect and all my little bulges don't show. I order four of thes in several colors. Easy to dress up or down with right assessories


This was a nice dress but the material was very thin and didn't look good on me. It would have looked better on someone with a more perfect body. It showed my flaws. I'm sending it back and going with a dress that flatters me better.


Very comfortable. The material is a little bit thicker than other similar dresses but that makes for a much more classy look. It feels and looks great.


I love the look and fit of this dress - I wouldn't wear it to a formal cocktail party but it's great for work and going out after. I plan to get one in another color (or two).


I bought a large, but I usually wear a 6 so it doesn't fit tight. It falls just below my knees, perfect length that I wanted. I'm 5'2". For a small woman, I don't even have to pin it closed. The magenta color is great. It feels like tshirt fabric, but that's what makes it great. The skirt flares for dancing.


love how it fits. I like it much better than the long sleeve version because sleeves make me hot. I am 42-38-49 and this gives me a nice shape while hiding my belly.  I am 5'4" and it comes to around 2 inches below my knee. color is FAB


Nice, lightweight, cotton-lycra, knit dress. Dressed up with some accessories and nice shoes, and it's perfect for business casual workplaces. I'm very happy with it so far. I bought the 2x. I'm usually a US 14-16.


This dress is so flattering.  It is super comfy and fits so well.  I'm getting more in different colors.


