I like it! The material isn't quite what I was expecting (it's made of rayon but cotton), but the weight is nice. It's the kind of cloth that gets dirty fast and you can see every little thing on it.


The fit is great and the skirt flares out really nicely.


Do yourself a favor and just buy the dress. Hell, buy one in every color you like, it's what I'm gonna do.


I went back and forth on buying it - I don't really like to buy clothes online - but the reviews convinced me to give it a shot.  I LOVE it. It's super comfortable, a fantastic length, and I love how versatile it is. Got a date? Scoop the wraps up top under the ladies to give yourself some nice (but tasteful) cleavage action. Going to an interview? Pull the wraps up to be more modest but still adorable.


I don't usually wear dresses, but this one is so comfy and versatile I'll be buying it in colors other than black. I may even get some with the different sleeve options. It's adorable, multi-functional, and hilariously comfortable. What more could a person ask for??


This is a perfect go-to dress! I bought for a work conference. Just enough stretch and give to keep it cute but professional. I'm 5'6, a sporty 150, 34B and I went for the large. I have a longer torso and it fits right at my knee. It wrinkles, so a nice fold or hanger is a must. Washed it and hung it dry and it's still looking good.


This dress is really awesome. It is well stitched and the material isn't that cheap thin cloth. It has a nice stretch to it. I ordered a medium even though I wear a 2 or 4 since I'm larger up top.  This dress can be worn to work or out depending on how you accessorize. The color is true to shown. The picture doesn't do it justice but so you can see. The material feels like it will hold up well. Planning on ordering more.


This fit me perfectly, and it is very comfortable! The fabric is soft and stretchy, and a very flattering cut. My only complaint is that when I wear it, it gets an extreme amount of static electricity, and instead of sloping flatteringly down from the waist, it clings to my thighs and butt. I am going to try washing it with fabric softener to see it that helps, but I am sure it will get better when I am wearing it in the summer.


Love it!  Worth the price - nice fabric, a little thicker than most of the other dresses I've purchased from Amazon, and is long enough that I feel completely comfortable.  I'm a 20/22 and the fit is nice - the shaping make it look flattering.  Liked it so much I just bought it in several other colors.


I loved the fabric and the great construction, but, I did send it back as at 77 years old I was not comfortable with the cute short length showing my rather mature legs.  It should be great on others.  If it were longer I would have kept it for sure.


If I could rate this dress with 10 stars I would! Fantastic fit, rich, vibrant colors.  My weight is 155 lbs, ht. 5ft. 5 in. purchased size Large and this beautiful dress was a perfect fit. Many, many compliments on this well made, inexpensive dress. I absolutely love it. You will not be sorry if you purchase one of these dresses. Will be making another purchase, this time the black one. Very happy with my purchase!


This is a lovely dress made of a high quality fabric; all three were cotton/spandex blend which can be difficult to find even in more expensive brands. The style and color are also very nice.


I wear a 1x (occasionally a 2x) and hoped that the xxl would fit but sadly I couldn't come close to squeezing into it. I likely would need two sizes up.  I'll try again once I've lost some weight.


This blue dress fits well on me. It is light weight and very comfortable.. The dress hangs wells on me and is not so tight as to emphasize my lumps and bumps.LOL I had to hang it out a bit after it came since it was wrinkled in the package. But now it looks great and I have received compliments when wearing it. I was reluctant to buy clothes online, but am definitely getting over it because of this dress.


