This dress fits really well in on the top and the waist. I am short so it is a bit longer than I would like, but other than that it is a good fit.


This dress is very comfortable and flattering. I bought a size L and fits perfect I am 5 foot 7 inch and weight 190 lbs I usually go 10 or 12 for my dresses. The material is super nice as is heavy for cotton.


I'm normally a size 14/16 and ordered the XL.  This is cute and very comfortable.  It is cotton lycra fabric.  There is a flaw in the one that came to me, there is a white thread running through the skirt it's about 3-4" long but not very noticeable so I'm not sure I'll bother to return and exchange.  Overall the quality of this item is good and the one that I received with that tiny white yarn running through the fabric is most likely a fluke.  Be aware the that crossover of the top is a little strange in that it does not tuck under your bust, it covers the middle of your bust.


I love this dress. It's lightweight, looks great and travels well. I am going to bring this with me for my cruise next month. When traveling light this dress fits the bill. Looks great on.


I have two of these dresses, one in pink and one in gray. These are so soft and flattering. They have gone through several washes and have not faded. I'm super happy with this!


Got a medium. Im 5'4". 165 pounds currently at 40 weeks pregnant.


Returned it. Fits a little too snug, showing every lump and bump. Cute design, though.


Bought this for my Gem and the Holograms Halloween Costume (bright pink).  It's fine and will work nicely as part of my costume but I can't say I was wowed by it.  I also have a bit of a poochy tummy which this kinda highlights (hello spanks!) so maybe it would be better in black/blue for everyday wear.


I do like the dress but the material is definitely NOT for evening wear as some reviewers mentioned. It is a good enough dress to wear to work though.


The cross the bust part was weird.  It needed to be lower.  Maybe if you're kind of flat chested it might work.  I wanted to love it.


