UPDATE: The company contacted me and refunded my money -- while allowing me to keep the dress.  I gave it to a friend (who has since given it to another friend -- we're trying to find someone who it will fit perfectly)  I am impressed with the company's attention to customer satisfaction and will now shop with them again. Thank you.


In the picture it looks like it's going to be incredibly flattering -- but it didn't flatter my figure at all.  The fit was as expected, and the color was really nice, but it just wasn't the kind of material that lays flat and looks classy.  I wasn't happy with it at all, and it didn't come with any paperwork so that I could return it.  No receipt accompanied the dress.  I ended up having to keep it, and I'm out the money, which was disappointing.  I am always looking for nice dresses to wear to work and had high hopes for this one.


I ordered this dress in small and medium. I am 5"7, 130 lb and wear a 32d. I am a size 4 in American Eagle jeans and typically wear a size 4 in dresses. The medium fit, but was too loose on my top since my bust isn't very big. The small fit me perfectly, with the length coming to the top part of my knees and chest hugging me just right, without being too revealing. I love this dress so much and can't wait to order more colors.


The material is light, but the dress is made well. Is not see through it all which is what I was afraid of since the skirt part has a lot of white in it. Just dont wear dark undergarments or they may show in the light.


Dress is expected size, material is thick and feels nice, size is as expected, length is good. However, I will be returning this dress, despite really wanting to like it. The reason is the awkwardness of the overlap panel and where it falls on my chest (literally the only reason. I like so much about this dress). I am 5' 10", 155 lbs, 34 d/c, usually wear a size 10, purchased this dress in Medium. But the front panel of the wrap style... it isn't sewn together until the side, so I can't tell if it is supposed to rest under the breast or over the breast. It doesn't seem to fall naturally either way (and I see now looking at the pictures that it seems intended to fall directly across the breast--also awkward!). If I pull it up for modestly it looks a bit funny and seems to have excess fabric. If I pull it down it looks consciously arranged that way, and it lowers the neckline of the dress and makes it look inappropriate for an office setting. I just can't seem to get comfortable with it, so I'll be sending it back. Disappointing, since in every other way the dress exceeds expectations.


The dress is much more low-cut in the front than pictured...Loosely gathered at best. Not such a great item. I have learned to AVOID THIS BRAND. Just not made well at all. After posting this review, the manufacturer wrote to me asking for a better review. Why? I don't know! They offered a free product, but why accept another bit of bad rubbish??


I am returning the dress. Details show 95% cotton. Feels like nylon. Nice shaped dress if you don't have allergies to synthetics like I do.


The jersey fabric is light and cool, but it also lends itself to show some "bra lines" in the back.  VERY comfortable and not sheer.


This dress is beautiful - and perfect for a party or formal dinner! I bought it to wear to hubby's company Christmas Party. The wrap style at the chest area is not too showy but not too high -  perfect and sexy. The torso is fitted and the skirt falls loose and hits just above the knee. I bought it in black in size small and wine in size  medium. The size chart said I was a medium but the small fit perfect! It's got stretch to it. I'm 5'6 weigh 125 pounds, size 32C cup, and 27 inch waist. I suggest sizing down from what the size chart says. Planning on ordering in more colors!


I love this dress...bought it in a second color after getting it and seeing how flattering it was on a fuller figure.


This is my go-to dress.  I can dress it up a little or down for a relaxed day/evening with some flat sandals.  I love the way it can look very professional and then go play...just like that.  It fits great.  I'm 5'0" or maybe 4'11" (I like to think tall)  Anyway the length is just at the bottom of the knee; top is modest so that you don't have to wear a cami if you don't want; and if it's hot, you still look and feel cool.  I recommend this dress.


Fits Great.  Very Comfy.  I am 200lbs size 18 and 5'8" I got the XL and it fits perfect.  Not too much cleavage but it is sexy and flattering.  Hits right at the knee and is a very comfortable length.  Material is nice and comfortable.  Skirt has a nice flair to it.  very flattering


