So far, I'm quite pleased with this dress. I received it yesterday and am wearing it today. I've already gotten a couple of compliments on it.


I purchased 2 colors, blue and dark gray. I bought one medium and one large. The large definitely gives me a little more room, but I'm wearing the medium and I'm really comfortable. I'm 5-2 and 150 lbs.


I like the material of this dress. It is thicker than some of the other throw-on summer dresses I've purchased in the past.


I'm not sure how this dress will hold up in the wash. The quality doesn't seem fantastic, but at this price you can't expect it to be amazing. I plan on wearing these to work and other summer functions.


I got several compliments on this dress the one time I wore it. The waistline is too high, which is pretty typical when you wear anything over a C cup. The skirt length was a little long, but still okay. I ordered another color in a medium, and I wish I could have the skirt length of a medium with the bodice of a large.


The material feels more like spandex than cotton. I’m not sure who put “prom” in the item description. This is definitely not a prom dress! It will need ironed regularly, unfortunately.


Fit perfectly. I have a large chest, small waist, big hips, and am short. 5'2, 32G, 135 pounds. Hope this helps. Very flattering as well


Like it, but it was a bit snug around the bust/back and I had other dresses I liked better in my order so returned this. Perfectly nice and would be a good spring/summer staple to dress up or down. Size up one if you have some areas that are a bit larger.


Overall, the dress fit well and was made with nice cotton material. BUT the panels in front had a weird fit - seemed too covered up when pulled up, and bunched in a weird way when it was pulled down.


Seller replaced dress based on this review. Am happier with the replacement.


This is fantastic! I got 2 colors -fits perfectly- 5foot 9inches 140pds - got the medium- it's loose but I don't mind - wouldn't want any thing to snug for the work environment -


This dress is pricier than other similar styles however the feel in comparison is far better. I purchased identical dresses from different brands. And whilst they both were pleasing this brand is by far my favorite. It fits well. Looks nice. And falls beautifully. I wear a size 12 and got a large.


I got the Multicolored Black in xl. It fits like a dream! However, The skirt portion is more a dark blue than a black. I only noticed because I do wear black Capri leggings under it, so you can definitely see the difference in color.


Otherwise this dress is comfortable, not see through, and extremely flattering!!!


My dad bought me this dress for my birthday. It fits great! I ordered in large-2  sixes up from what I usually wear. Fits perfectly, but is a little too long at the bottom. I would recommend this to other people and definitely buy this dress again in a different color!


The length was perfect and the orange and teal colors were so pretty! I REALLY wanted to like this dress, but it just doesn't work for me. I'm 5'3", 120 lbs and a pear shape. I can see that it would probably be slimming for many shapes too.


