Received lots of compliments on this dress. I dressed it up with a shawl


 This is a very nice and comfortable dress.The materials are of good quality.The dress is made out of 95 percent cotton and five percent spandex.I love any type of clothes that has spandex in it,it will keep the shape so much longer!I decided to get a extra large by the advertisement and I am glad I did because it fits me very well!I usually wear a size ten in a dress and that is because I have a large chest and then it usually does not fit me in the waist and I have to tuck it in by sewing.The Dress fit me very well,the chest area was perfect the waist was a little big but I have been wearing a belt with this dress and it really looks good.The length is great!You can wear this dress to work,shopping or you can dress it up and wear it out at night!I really like the flared skirt and this can also be worn into the Fall and Winter,just by changing up the accessories,wearing boots and a sweater.The dress also feels very good when you are wearing it,feels soft and does not cling to you!I like that I can wash it out by hand and let it drip dry.I used a small portable steamer on my dress to get out the wrinkles and it came out perfectly.Thank you for the discount for my honest opinion.


Very nice and simple for work


It's an attractive dress. It fits good and it's comfortable.


The color is amazing and the fit is nice. The material is more casual than I expected, so I feel like it can look a bit odd because the cut is nice while the material isn't. However, it is very comfortable.


Read all the reviews and decided to buy this for my upcoming cruise. Fits great and looks amazing. Buying another one today!


I used this a swimsuit coverup and it was great. Looking forward to wearing it this summer.


Awesome fit and received several compliments


Very flattering, and I love the color.


Omg the sizing is good. Your underwear does not show through and I just love it! Sorry for no picture but I think its great! Its has soft fabrics.. same exact color.... dress looks exactly like the picture so if you are considering this dress then.. yeah! :) hope this helps.


