Low quality material - not what I consider jersey & wrinkles easily.


I bought this dress to attend a family function. It fit perfectly and is extremely flattering. I live in the Caribbean so I need clothes that are not to restricting. I am buying another color this is a great dress for day or night.


Needed a solid color dress in a hurry for LaLaLand song/dance in choir concert. Came in a day, fit my daughter and the act perfectly! Pull the ruching down for a perfect v-neck, still modest. Good material, well made, will be great for casual wear as well.


My first time buying a dress online and I'm so so glad that I did. This dress is super casual and comfortable and it fits perfectly!! I love it so much that as soon as I'm done writing this review, I will be ordering more dresses in different colors!


Not bad, not as tight as I would have liked, 5'8", 120 lbs, I ordered a small. Good for a casual dress.


I am a 10 on the top and a 12 on the bottom.  This dress is perfect!  The material is stretchy and thick, not too thin.


I love this dress. Very flattering for those with a little tummy. Throw on a scarf or a belt and go! 4 stars because the colors are limited. I would like some soft neutrals.


5'5, 140, curvy: 34DD. This dress appeared large, and without shape out of the package,  but once I slipped it on it was clean & smooth & a relaxed fit. Very close & busty & showed off my top curves. Totally understandable about being able to breastfeed & indulge in the stretchy fabric while pregnant... a nice relaxed summer dress. Though not dressy or stuffy. Just top curve hugging & easy flowing.


I really like this dress. I finally got around to wearing it today and it fits perfect. I like the material. I hope it washes will and won't pill, but so far, so good!


in LOVE with this dress and will be ordering one in each color! ordered a size up based on the mixed reviews in sizing, could have DEFINITELY gotten my size. Just to save you a google search, the best tights I've found are "Berkshire Shimmers" which go great with this stunning dress! I'm a bit self conscious at times but with this combo I felt unstoppable and got so many compliments <3


