Absolutely gorgeous dress. Perfect for anywhere, any time. It's so flattering!!! Bought it in every color. It's just gorgeous!


Just be sure to order up a size.


This dress was 23 bucks......I gotta say at the price I was expecting CRAP, but quite the contrary!!! Fit me perfectly in every curve. I got a medium and am five foot ten and about 165 lbs. and it is so flattering and the length is perfect. I wish they had patterns, because I would be all over them!


This dress is wonderfully cut. Would buy again.


The goal was not to be sexy, just a nice-looking casual knit dress.  Wore it to a class reunion.  My husband commented that I looked too good in that dress to go without him!  Depending on the cut and quality of the dress, I typically need a 10 or sometimes a 12.  I went with the large and was pleased with the fit.  The a-line cut keeps the dress from fitting too snugly in the wrong places.


I love this dress, it's super flattering. I love it do much I bought four for myself (two in black because I wear it that much) and I even got one as a gift for someone else. It's true to size and is one of those dresses I can wear to work or out to dinner. Cliche but it works.


I'm curvy and short - fit anywhere from a small to a medium.  This one fit perfectly.  Since I'm short- I'll probably hem the end as the dress is a bit long for me. Overall- I am VERY happy with this buy.  This is the first purple piece of clothing I've had (aside from a scarf).  Thanks@


Cute but way to short in the waist.  I am 5'9", 160# with what I think is a normal waist length, this just needed another inch or so in the drop to be perfect.


This dress is amazing! Flattering and comfy. Love that you can control how high you want to V to be on the chest. If you want to make it deeper you can, if you want to be more conservative you can. I originally ordered a size up worried about it running small. Dress was big so I sent it back and ordered it in my correct size and it fit perfect! I will definitely be ordering this in more colors!


Great dress, it fits great.  I like the coverage in the cleavage area it's flattering.  Great price for a great go to dress.


I absolutely love this dress! Super comfortable, stretchy, breathable and fits perfectly. Looks wonderful on curvy figures, the cut hides the belly/muffin top and is very flattering.


