I love the material and the cut. I wear a 16/18 and I got an xxl. Fits well, and is slightly strectchy. Four stars because the care instructions say it can't go in the dryer and you have to cold iron. After washing, the dress was wrinkly. Maybe you could steam the wrinkles out? I don't have a steamer so I'm left with a wrinkly dress.


The top hems tend to fall wherever they feel like, and shift around to unflattering positions. The dress is a bit too large on me, and I'm not sure if this would happen if it actually fit.


The description when I bought it claimed that the dress was cotton, but it's actually rayon.


I do like the swingy skirt portion, though.


I like this dress a lot. According to the size chart I needed to buy a medium, but it seemed too big. However, I am pregnant, and since my belly is huge it fits GREAT. It just won't fit once the baby comes. Great maternity dress. Not a great normal dresschedule.


I ordered this dress for my Elle Woods costume. It came when it was expected, the dress looks exactly like the picture, and the fabric was great, but I am 5'6 and 140lbs. and a medium was just too big around the waist and in the bust. If it would have been offered in a small then it would have been perfect, but i had to return it.


It is a very nice dress with a flattering fit. I initially had to return the dress because the measurements listed did not match my size however the company quickly and generously corrected the error. The correct size fits perfect. I would buy from this company again despite the initial inconvenience with the sizing.


Tried to go on line to see if any other sizes because I really like the style but xx large just didn't fit me .  I wear a 2 x woman's but could not find out if these 2 sizes were the same. Can someone contact me to see if there is anyway to find out if you do sell my size.  Would love to get one.


Super cute and super comfortable. Fabric is thick enough to not show through. I would not call this a bridesmaid dress as it is made of a simple cotton t-shirt like material. Maybe a wedding guest with the right accessories, but not for a real dressy wedding. I wore it to a business luncheon and felt great. It flattered my size 14/16 body.


I really love this dress it is so comfortable and easy to wear yeah I get so many compliments when I do wear it. Great with sandals Wedges heels Flats boots. I have worn it with a belt without, I have worn it with a jacket or a scarf. One of the better online clothing purchases I've made.


This was a lovely color and fabric.  Would have liked the sleeves a tad longer.  I would have kept it if it hadn't been SO tight.  I ordered my usual size.


I admit, I was a bit unsure on how this dress might fit considering I haven't worn this brand before.  I'm 5'7" and a plus size (18-20, depending on the style) & have a large bust (38H), which was my main concern.


I ordered the XXL in black & the dress fit almost perfectly!  The bust was the tiniest bit snug with my favorite bra style, but with a slight minimizer will be fine.  The waist fit perfectly without feeling tight & the skirt was nice & flow-y.  I want every color now!


I would have given it 5 stars, except I wish I could wear my favorite bra with it.


