I liked this so much that after wearing it the first day, I ordered the long sleeve version.  Skims over the tummy in a flattering way.  V neck isn't too plunged and is suitable for work.  And you can twirl.  The only thing that would make it more perfect is pockets.


First, most importantly, my spouse loves this dress. She says it's comfortable, loves the color, and thinks it looks great. Great price and quality seems good so far.


This is a very flattering dress. It fits perfectly. I ordered a small and I'm 5' 3", 130lbs. Love the color, will probably order more. You can dress it up or dress it down. It's very versatile and thick enough material not to be able to see through, but not too thick for a warm day. My new favorite!!!


Don’t like it at all. I ordered a Small. I’m 135 36ddd and it was a bit baggy on me. The style was just unflattering. It also came inside out (I might have gotten a dress that someone else returned?) it also is extremely wrinkly. I’m returning it tomorrow.


Won't serve for a formal or evening function. It's extremely casual look. Like work out material. Does not hang like in the photos. Very thin cheap cotton like fabric. In fact I haven't found a use for it. But I might wear over pants or alter it in the front to wear as cape for slacks.


Flattering, comfortable, smart looking.  The fabric is a bit rougher than I expected for rayon/spandex, which is why I gave it only 4 stars.  Usually, it has a silkier feel.  I'm 5'5", 145lbs, 34D-32-41 with narrow shoulders and a tummy and I ordered the large.  It fits perfectly.


Great fabric weight and fit. Comfortable and flattering on my hourglass figure. Nice enough to wear to the office and comfortable enough for the weekends. I’m very busty (34DDD) and most of the time wrap tops are too revealing on me, but this dress is just right.


Nice but has a little snag defect at waist seam.  I can fix it or cover it with a jacket.


Love it. Very flattering fit and perfect length...not too short. It is snug from the waist up so if that's where you carry any extra weight, you might have to take that into consideration. Washing instructions say not to tumble dry.


Seriously gorgeous dress! The fit is dead-on true to size and the fabric's on the heavier side as it should be for a dress. I was worried the v-neck would hit too low but it's actually pretty modest with the way it fits. Plus I can adjust the crossover so it crosses above the bust rather than below for a bit extra modesty. I love it so much I'm definitely ordering it again in a few more colors!


