64 inches tall, size 12-14, large chest. Ordered size large. This dress is very slimming, feels great, looks great. Haven't washed it yet and when I do, I will update.


Really cute dress but unfortunately is runs big.  The dress starts at size medium with measurements listed in the product description of Chest : 33.8" Waist : 26.7" Length : 37".  I normally wear a size small in dress but I went with the large because of the provided measurements.  I wish I had ordered the medium.  The large is just too big for me.  Too much room and material.  Under features it lists bodycon, so this is supposed to be a form fitting dress.  The medium would have had some wiggle room but would have been wearable.  The large sizing says L: Chest : 35.4" Waist : 28.3" Length : 37.7".  Lying flat the waist measure 16.5 inches across, which is a 33 inch waist not 28.3 like the listed sizing says.  That is a rather big difference.  I think it would look cute if it fitted properly, but it's hard to tell for sure.  The style looks very cute.  It has a V neck collar with a crossover look.  It's supposed to have an empire waist and it has a flared, swing style skirt.  The material is 95% cotton and 5% spandex.  Fabric feels very nice and is solid.  Not see through.  Looks to be made well with straight, tight, interlocking seams. Wish I could wear it but it's just too baggy.  I'll end up giving it away.  I received this item in exchange for my honest opinion in a review.


I am 5' 4" and weigh about 135 pounds. I ordered this dress in a size medium and it fits wonderfully.  The length is nice, the bust line is not too tight to easily pull on and off (there are no zippers or buttons) and the V-neck lays in a perfect place, not showing too much cleavage or draping strangely.  The cut of this dress also makes your waist look smaller than normal, which is something that most women will appreciate.  I actually feel like this dress makes me look about 5 pounds thinner than I actually am.  It also accentuates curves and looks very feminine.  It's heavy enough so that you cannot see through it, but not so heavy that it's uncomfortable when it's hot outside.  (I live in mid Arkansas and it can get very hot here, so it's important to wear breathable materials and this dress is a good choice)  I also washed it before wearing and it did not shrink or become twisted out of shape, and it came out of the dryer wrinkle free.  This dress is great for day to day use and could also be dressed up easily for a night on the town.


I received this Laksmi Women's Elegant V Neck Dress for free or at a discount in exchange for my honest opinion. I do not guarantee a good review. I rely on product reviews myself when shopping and will always give my honest opinion-good or bad. All opinions are based on my experience with the product and yours may differ.


that was small and short


Sizing is Way Off. Ordered one size larger than usually wear and dress was still too small. Wife says the material was much thinner than expected.


Hi, this item is too small, and I would appreciate information on how to return these items.


Thank you


L R


Great for those with larger breasts. I'm 5'5", 152 lbs. and a 34DDD. X-large was perfect. Material is thick enough to hide those fatty lumps we all loathe. I got black, so I'm sure that helps too.


This summer dress from Laksmi is hands down the best dress! The cut if perfect and so flattering to my curvy figure. I honestly feel like a million bucks when I put it on! I love the way the top has a wrapped look to snugly hug my waistline. Soft material makes it extremely comfortable from the front and side view! I am beyond happy to own this lovely garment.


My dress is constructed very well with no holes or tears in the seams. Each pleat is sewn securely and the fabric is divine to wear. It looks wonderful on my shoulders while tapering snug to my waist and finally flaring. When you see the photo it's exactly what you get.


Overall. Well made and soft. The seams are perfect and secure. Each pleat hugs my curves in all the right places. The color is gorgeous and I need more! The fit seems to be true to my size as well.


I have nothing negative to add at this time. I feel all my curvy ladies need one!


I received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review. I was not paid for this review, this is exactly the way I feel about this item after using it.


My wife spent all that time putting it on to find out the zipper is bad.  Would like to return or exchange please


Wonderful little dress.  I was expecting a think material cheaply made dress. What we received was much better. The material is thick yet flows, it is very comfortable, no bunching no twist or pulls. I would think this dress if in a department store would sell for 2-3 times the price.


I have included a couple photos of this dress, even a close up of the stitching. You can tell a lot about quality by looking at the hidden stiching, if it is well done you can assume the whole garment is well made.


I have to tell you that I did get a discount for reviewing this. If you look through my reviews you'll see that I do not just give 5 stars because of a discount, I give the stars earned. I rely on reviews to make my purchases I assume you do the same.


