wasn't sure if i should get a small or medium. In past experiences when ordering stuff I usually order too big and have to return it for something smaller. I ended up getting a small, I am about 125lbs and 5'2''. it's a little bit snug but i think if i would've ordered a medium then the top would be too big and i am definitely small up top so it ended up being good. but besides all of that, i cannot wait to wear this dress it is absolutely adorable. classy, modest, love it!


Like the dress, fits well - but will fit a lot better when I've lost 4-8 lbs.  I am 5 foot 6.5 inches tall, 147.5 lbs and in good physical condition.  As I am 63 years old I will wear with a black or sliver shoulder shawl to hide the creeping underarm sag.  Nice that the flare covers the belly and the black allows for a lot of different accessorizing.


Fits as expected, and is a great color and cut but it arrived very wrinkled and tends to pick up new wrinkles pretty easily. I just have to remember to leave myself time to steam the wrinkles out in the morning or take it out of the closet, steam it, and leave it somewhere it's not getting mushed by other clothes the night before. I was hoping to use this as an easy travel dress, but with the wrinkle factor I don't think it will pack well. I might try the roll-up technique and give it a trail run, as travel was really the reason I purchased this.


Update: While this dress did not work out for me, their customer service was amazing. They offered to send me another dress of my liking or a refund, and that was without me asking. I will certainly take a look at their store again in the future. Raising this up to 4 stars (from 3). Thank you!


Disappointed by the fit and how large the sizing ran. There was a lot of material at the waist which led to a less than flattering look. I think if it was significantly smaller it would have worked, but I have a small waist so the material all just gathered. Color was as described though and material is comfortable


Looks better in the photo, makes,a 5'4 lady with 25 pounds,to lose look heavier than she is.  Dress may be good for skinny person or tall.  Waist line is high.  Material is,so so


The beautiful picture of this dress made me very excited to order, I thought it was going to be a great fit. The purple color is only slightly more muted in person, and the dress is overall a nice affordable dress, but I'm returning it.


I'm pretty tall, so the waistline ended up landing way higher on me than I was hoping for, turning it into a babydoll fit instead of an elegant empire. :'D Not what I was going for! And I don't like how thick the finished edge is that shows through underneath the left panel of fabric that crosses from the shoulder to the waist. It's very noticeable and creates a weird line, taking away from the elegance as well. The material is nice! It feels like a dancing dress, and it has a bit of structure to it. Definitely needs to be ironed to look like the picture.


I ordered this dress in a medium size, but might have been able to fit into a small (I'm 5'4" and 135). The dress is light and comfortable, but the material (a cotton/spandex blend) is thick enough not to see through. I was able to machine wash it on gentle cycle with out any color bleeding or light spots showing up on the fabric. I would say it is a great day time summer dress that doesn't need too much special care.


I have the worst time finding clothes and did not at all expect something bought online to fit so well. It's flattering and comfy. Nice cotton material and stretchy but holds it's shape. I'm 5'4" and 215 lbs, typically wear XL and the XL I bought fits great.


Bought this for Paul McCartney concert last summer. It fit very well! My bust filled it out nicely and fabric laid across well! Washed well. No pilling. Bought another one in yellow for Roger Waters concert. Felt very comfortable in them! I'm five two,  40d, 39,48 (lost weight since then so they are going  to need to be taken in). They both come to my knees. Used the blue one for a Belle costume. Everyone loved it. Great price. Nice product!


Really cute dress, but mine came too large. I'm 135, 5'4 and ordered a medium. Will probably have to return


