I LOVE this dress! It is a very flattering fit. I am 5'4" and 130 pounds and got the medium. It is a near perfect fit. Very comfortable and flattering. I am waiting for the teal color one to be back in stock and I plan on ordering it as well.


The material was kind of meh in my opinion and doesn't look quite as good as in the picture.  But overall it was a decent deal so I can't complain too much.


This dress is amazing! I bought it because I am still nursing my 1.5 year old, and I like to look nice every so often. It is so comfortable and can be dressed up or down. I may have to order another on in a different color! I pair mine with yoga shorts underneath so I can wrangle my toddler as necessary.


Ordered 1 size up to get the fit I wanted. Fabric is comfortable, both soft and stretchy. Neckline is modest and appropriate for work. I get compliments on the color and style every time I wear it.


Daughter really likes this dress.  Pretty color, nice feel, moves well, washes well (do not machine dry - dry flat per washing instructions).


Runs a little smaller than expected and shorter than thought. The material is very comfortable and it's well made. I like it, just wished it were about 2-4 inches longer an a tiny bit wider.


I'm not sure what sizes others normally wear or if I got an off dress, but this dress was larger than expected. The color was also less vibrant than the photos made it appear. I am returning.


Love love love this. It fits perfectly and hides all those tummy imperfections. The material is thick and stretchy and comfortable to move around in all day. Thinking of buying it in another color.


I'm usually very hesitant to buy clothing online but this fit true to size and is quite flattering.


I got a size small and it fits as expected (I am a size 4) - I'm a little on the short side (5'3") so it was a little longer than I'd wanted hitting me just below the knee but threw on a statement necklace and I got compliments all day  :)


