I love the color of the dress but I just wish the top fit better. I got an xl which should have been great. I also had a hard time getting the top to lay correctly, probably because of the fit being off. Still loved the dress, fabric, and color.


This dress is pretty and comfortable. The "medium" fits me well but somewhat loosely, as someone who normally wears a women's small or extra small in tops, 2-4 in pants. The fabric is a jersey type fabric that can stretch easily so I think it could fit a size medium in American sizing as well. I am about 5'6" and the dress hits at the lower part of the knee. The dress would be appropriate for business casual office wear, or a party or other social event.


Perfect Fit by using the size chart's measurements.It has a cottony feel to it. Sort of like a t-shirt. Was expecting more of a stretchy satiny/rayon type material but it's still a good dress.The purple has more pink undertones than blue. Overall pretty dress.


I had trouble deciding which size to order and I am sure many will too.


Size: XL


Bust: 40 inches


Waist: 38 inches


Hips: 41 inches


This dress is beautiful and had such a flattering fit, I will definitely purchase it again in wine! Since I am on the shorter side (5"3) I was worried it might be too long but it was perfect, it hits me right on my knees. Great for me!


My new favorite dress! Incredibly comfortable, nice material, looks professional!


This dress is great for a casual but upscale look.  It definitely is a daily little black dress. It showed off my waist and wasn't too long, I'm 5' and 155 pounds.  The bodice fits nice and the crisscrossed fabric fit across my chest nicely.  I have been thinking about buying more colors.


One thing I wanted to point out...though the description above states that the dress is 95%cotton/5%spandex that the tag on the dress states 95% rayon/ 5%spandex.


This is an incredibly comfortable and flattering dress! I am 5'7" 150lb and the medium fit perfectly! The fabric is heavy enough that it falls well and has a good quality feel. The waist is very flattering on me(no sucking in the tummy! :) ) and the length is just right.


I love this dress! I am a size 14 and I bought the XL size, as recommended by other reviewers. The cut is so flattering right at the waist with the skirt flaring out in just the right spot. I am 5'5" and the length was perfect just below my knee. I wore it for an evening event with the crossover open on the chest, showing a little cleavage. But it can be smartened up for work by just hiking that crossover up across the chest a bit. Really very happy with this dress and strongly considering purchasing more!


I am a tall and curvy girl and this looks GREAT. It is very stretchy so a little clingy for me but will look perfect in about 5 or 10 lbs. I got the XXL and normally wear 18 on top, 14 on bottom. Super cute casual or dressed up.


VERY LONG. AWKWARD


