Simple and refined. I needed a classic dress that I could pack and wear to a show with my family in Vegas. It wrinkled and needed to be ironed upon arrival but otherwise it held its shape. I love the color and it's very comfortable.


I listened when it said I should size up if I wasn't sure, and I don't think I needed to. I'm 5'2" and 150, and a large fits just slightly relaxed. But I still like it! It's comfortable, didn't shrink in the wash, comes to my knee and the neckline is good for work. I'll likely order a medium next time (if any are ever in stock!)


This product was far too large in medium. After following them the manufacturers measurement chart,nm was super sorry to return this. Well constructed otherwise.


Fit a bit bigger than I expected it to fit.  The length was an awkward length for me.  I am 5'6" and I was thinking it would fall at the knees or just above but it fell just after my knees.  Arms and chest area fit just a bit big


I love how this dress fits my curves. I am 5'7 180 pounds and this dress looks great on me. Will purchase more very soon!


Material is almost a T-shirt material but not clingy. Fits a bit loose, but is really wasn't noticeable I don't think except in the bust area.


I will probably sew the front together,but it'll be perfect for those that breast feed I think.


did not like the make, cheap looking


Great dress. It's casual but not too casual. I am breastfeeding and this dress is very functional for that! I have Size 36EE breast and this fits well I thought I would need a 2x so I got that but it was too large every where else on me so I bought an xl. The only thing keeping me from going down to a Large is that since my breast are so large the dress pulls a bit away at the arm pits and I don't want it to look too stretched there. Over all a great dress easy to clean and easy to nurse in.


Boxy. Square. Dumpy. Poor seaming at the waist. Nice fabric, but cut for a matronly figure.


It was too small.  I returned it.  Received correct size and am enjoying my new dress.


