This dress is adorable. The material is nice and the dress fits very comfortably. I love the retro style! I feel comfortable wearing this to the office or for more casual occasions. It's very versatile. I'm 5'4" and 135lbs and the medium fits perfectly!


This dress is comfortable, has good coverage, and is a GREAT breastfeeding dress.  Pulls down very easily, and doesn't get stretched out.  I've had it for three weeks now and it's definitely already a staple.  The negative about it is it is 95% Rayon, 5% Spandex, so the fabric feels a little synthetic and it shows spots (if you spill anything on it) very easily.  But it's still very comfortable, feels, nice, and is a great value for the price!  I also like that I can wear it casually, or use it to dress up a little.  Very versatile.  I'm 5'10 and weigh 190 and bought a large.  I also love the length - it falls just above the knee on me.


Super cute!


I ordered this dress in the gray color, and it looks exactly as pictured. As far as sizing goes, I am always paranoid about clothing on Amazon running on the small side, so I ordered the 2XL. Normally I would wear a size 10/12 in a dress (or Large or X Large depends on the brand). I am 5'7, weigh 170lbs, 36-38 C bust. This dress fits in the size I bought it is slightly big. I could have went with an XL, but it isn't ill-fitting in any way on me. I would say go with your regular size, or up one size if you aren't sure. The fabric is similar to a tshirt material, but a bit thicker. It is 95% cotton, 5% spandex so it does offer some stretch. The material is soft and not itchy. It is not see-thru at all. The fabric lays nicely when you have it on. The wrap style on the top covers nicely so if you are looking for something that will have a more modest look, this dress would be perfect, as you can see in my photo it comes down almost to my knees and covers the bust area without gaping. You could dress this up by adding some accessories and jewelry or dress it down and wear with sandals or flats. This dress is very versatile. As far as quality, the dress is sewn together nicely, no loose threads, seams are straight and seem secure. Overall, very satisfied with this dress, it's cute and well made and will be handy for many occasions. Sample was provided for product evaluation/reviewing purposes.


I am a drag queen and a perfectionist, and I am hard to please when it comes to clothes. This dress is perfect. The material is very stretchy and very cozy, and it somehow magically resists wrinkles. I was afraid it was going to be cheap, jersey-like material, but it seems quality and looks nice.


I am 6' 200lbs, I was looking for something short, and I first ordered the baby blue in large. It fits perfectly, but it isn't short enough at just above the knee. So then I ordered the purple in medium and washed and dried in on warm twice to shrink it. The color dulled just ever so slightly, but the material came out just so darned soft and comfortable. It seems like it could stretch forever, and since I am also looking for a new little black mini, I just placed another order for a black one in small and am hoping it is stretchy enough to fit. I never wear small, but I'm thinking it will be perfect based on the other two. I am planning on ordering a couple more in other colors.


I have worn it twice and have received about a thousand compliments give or take a couple hundred. I've been wearing it with purple Katy Perry lipstick, and a couple of sweeties have noted the combination while complimenting me. So yes, I recommend it.


I love this dress so much I'm ordering 2 more in different colors.  It's comfortable, slimming, and well made.  I am 5'5" and 180 lbs.  I typically wear a size 14.  I ordered a Large and it fit perfectly.  I was very pleased with how it hits on the body I carry my extra weight in the middle and this dress helps disguise  that.


I ordered this because the description said it was 95% cotton. When I got it, the fabric felt uncomfortable to me, not soft like cotton should be. I looked at the tag and it has NO cotton in it; it's 95% rayon. Not at all what I had wanted.


Love it! Fit was great. I am 180lbs 5'6  and I purchased a large. The dress is a little long for a summer frock (I like my summer skirts to come to top of my knee usually and this falls at the bottom of my knee. But I can get it hemmed. I've also ordered another color.


This was a gift from my boyfriend. I love this dress so much! It is extremely flattering - disguises a little belly bulge with the higher waist and A-line skirt, accentuates the bust, looks fantastic with a belt (I happened to have one that matches exactly), very comfortable fabric, gorgeous color (I got the wine color). It looks best if you arrange the crossover section to go under the breast instead of across it. I generally have trouble with this type of top - while extremely flattering on me, this style tends to gape, and I have to use a carefully placed safety pin, which is problematic to get placed just right. This dress does NOT require any kind of special effort - it is form fitting (yet comfortable) and does not gape at all. I haven't washed it yet, but given that its high rayon content, I'm not going to let it near the dryer (which the care tag does warn against), and I anticipate it will wash up very nicely. Awesome dress for casual wear, or you can dress it up with heels, jewelry, scarf, nice jacket, belt, etc. Probably travels great, too. I am going to get it in a couple more colors.


I bought this for my business headshots and it was perfect. I don't usually wear so much black but it was really cute with some nice heels!


