Very pretty and the purple is vibrant and beautiful. Just as pictured.


I needed a quick dress for a rehearsal dinner and this dress fits perfect, looks great and is very comfortable. It also washes well.


I got this dress in grey and it fits and looks just how it is described. Fit perfectly and is a nice stretchy material. The material is also thicker than I had anticipated but in a good way! I bought this with the intention to wear to work and I have to sit in a cold office all day. This dress plus a cute blazer and some tights and I was super comfy.


This it's a cute dress.  My only issue with it is the sizing.  I usually wear an 16-18/L/XL dress due to my bust but the description indicated the dress contains spandex so thought there might be enough give that I only needed to size up one size.  Ordered a L and a little too small. If I had the money it'd order another a size up.  Keep up the good work


EDIT:I ordered XL not XXL. Dress fits as expected (LG)  I did go ahead and ordered a second at the larger size and it fit better but I liked the fit on the smaller bodice better. Hangs a little on the XL for a 42C (my measurements are 45-37-41). Seams are a tiny bit off for the large but because of the spandex I can and will wear the large


these are very comfortable cool summer dresses.  i expect to wear them almost year round.  fit is excellent and they look really nice


Fits great! Looks great! Easy to nurse and pump in, if that's your life right now, but doesn't look like a nursing outfit so will transition into regular life too!


I'm 5'7, 36D and 145lbs.  M fits perfect! Just above the knee, not see through, very confi, perfect for tropical summer.


So happy with this dress! Perfect for work as it goes down to my knees and chest is conservative. Overall the dress is very flattering and super cute. I'm 5'6", 140 lbs, 34DD- I ordered a Medium and fits perfect.


Oooh, I love this dress! I've had several kids and a few decades of life and my body isn't what it used to be, but you'd never know that when I'm in this dress. Wow, does it hang well! So cute! I'm ordering more colors!


This dress felt cheap, looked cheap and no matter what I did, the top looked weird on my chest. This dress was meant for a more busty person, and I had to return it.


