It is a bit more short-waisted than it appears in the picture, but the material is nice and it fits OK. I think the material allows for a great variation of shapes and sizes to look nice in the same cut of dress.


I would love to have this as a full-length dress... in blue.  :-)


Love this dress, I wore it to a beach wedding in Virginia Beach last month and added my accessories and such. The Dress was awesome for the photos and for comfort, the material is cotton like (maybe cotton) but its soft and comfortable to say the least.


I have never received many compliments on my clothes, because I don't aim for them, but this dress was a giant hit.  I ordered 4 more.  The most comfortable summer dress I've ever worn.  The purple and blue are a little dressier & the grey very casual.  I wore these for baseball games.  Then I ordered some short leggings to wear underneath, because the wind will catch this dress and do a Marilyn Monroe on you.  The dresses wash up great - cool, knit cycle and hang dry over a banister (so you don't pull the shoulders down with a hanger)


Beautiful dress!  I was looking for a dress that would be easy to wear, easy care, and not be hot when I wanted to wear a dress or look nice.  This dress is the perfect solution.  I ordered my regular size and it fit just right - since it is a knit it gives a little - which I will appreciate when I wear it to dinner.  I like it well enough that I am seriously considering a purchase of the same dress in a different color.


I bought this to wear to work with a blazer over it.  It in no way looks like a bridesmaid dress unless your wedding theme is "Office Party".  The material is beautifully soft and slightly stretchy.  It gets quite wrinkled but nothing my little steamer can't handle.  I will definitely be purchasing from Laksmi again.  Both dresses I have purchased exceeded my expectations regarding quality.


This dress is gorgeous. I have a hard time finding dresses that hit me right due to my high waist and this one does it! True to size. The material is comfortable and the wine color is gorgeous. I wore with tall brown leather boots and a sweater over it. The length of the dress was not too long and not too short, either. I highly recommend this dress.


Let me jump on the bandwagon and say this dress is terrific! I got the rose color (a nice, bright pink) and the Small fits me very well. The seam for the skirt hits just above my little mommy tummy so it doesn't overemphasis that area. It is PERFECT for the perpetually breastfeeding mothers like me (36B in case you're wondering). The length is just right for my height (5'4"/120ish lbs) and is right above my knees. Follow the sizing chart they provide and measure yourself. I rarely buy clothes (and NEVER dresses) without trying them on first but I'm going to order another color in this because I like it so much! I was not compensated for this review.


I'm in love with this dress. I purchased the orange last week, and after wearing it, I'll be ordering more. It's like a heavy-weight, stretchy t-shirt. I've gotten so many compliments on it on the two days I've worn it to work.


For reference: I ordered an XL. I'm 5'7, 175 lbs, 38C, with broad shoulders. This fits perfectly.


Beautiful. I ordered the teal color, and was pleased to see that it looked more blue than green. It's very flattering and can easily be dressed up or down. It's a little bigger than I'd like, but nothing some minor taking in can't fix. I'm 5'5" and the hem came right in the middle of my knees. The bust fits perfectly but the waistline was a little looser than I expected. It is very, very comfortable!


Unfortunately I have to return this dress as it is too big! I went by the manufacturer's sizing chart too. :/ Such a shame. Its a very pretty dress.


