In love with the dress! I orderd a meduim i like my dresses fit Im 5'3" and 160lbs so and a big booty lol so finding comfy classy dresses that are not to short is a challenge!


But this!


Oo i want one in every color. I live in south texas where it is hot and humid but this dress was perfect ti go on an outing in with casual flats and or converse for yall younger groups!  Great gift and size fit perfect!


This dress is wonderful! Very flattering, full coverage, rich color, quality fabric. I can dress it up or down depending on what I’m doing. I really could not ask for more. I am VERY impressed.


I'm giving 5-stars because this dress looks very nice on my friend (she's shorter (5'4") than I (5' 10")). I didn't like material but she didn't have an issue with it so this dress gets a excellent rating.


Where the V neck comes cross starting from the side seem, is a little odd. It doesn't know if it wants to be up or down. Love the color and the feel of the dress. I haven't gotten to wear the dress much, hoping to wear it a lot this summer.


It's a hair smaller than I expected, but the style is flattering and the material stretches, so this is not a problem. It's great for work or to wear out to dinner.


Wonderful dress for swing dancing! The fabric is a thin t-shirt fabric so its not a very fancy dress but perfect for every day wear (or spontaneous dancing). The neckline is a tad bit low for my taste so I wear a tank top underneath. It also works flipped around if you want an even higher neckline. The front crosses over which would be perfect for breast feeding if that affects your choice.


Don't know why but I wasn't expecting it to be cotton. Arrived very wrinkly of course and hard to get them out. Also too small. Great design and exactly as pictured.


Cute dress, fits well but....if your looking for something for a formal dinner just beware the material is almost like tee shirt material. very comfortable and overall I like it just not the material I thought it was but it works for what I wanted it for  Just dress it up with heels and jewelry.


I am wearing this to a professional luncheon, and then 2 weeks later to my husband's birthday dinner. So flattering and pretty and great for day or night. White shoes for the luncheon, black boots for the evening dinner.


I don't "do" dresses, but was in need of one for special occassions & funerals.  This dress fits me as the correct size.  Do not size down or up.


