The waist hits at the wrong spot on me. I am fairly certain it is something to do with the cut of the dress and not my shape as this is not something that usually occurs. Reagrdless, I have received many compliments every time I have worn the dress.


Bought this dress hoping it would work for my wife who is breastfeeding. She says it's perfect for pumping sessions or feeding our little one. The material is nice! Thicker than the many "tshirt" material dresses that tend to look worn pretty fast! My wife loves the cut of the dress as well. Will be ordering more colors!


I have several of these in different colors.  I love them.  Good quality and really flattering.  I did have a small problem with one garment, but had excellent customer service and went above and beyond to make it right.  Would buy again.


i thought maybe i ordered too big. but it was just the right perfect size! it's stretchy so it fits perfect. i love it so much i need another color lol. and the shipping was very quick!!!


Cute casual everyday dress.  From work to weekend love it!  It does run small.  So buy one size up from your normal size.  If still in unsure buy 1 & 2 sizes up and return the one that doesn't fit.  If it's free returns well worth it.


LOVE, LOVE,LOVE THIS BLACK NUMBER.  SO COMFORTABLE MAKES YOU LOOK LIKE YOUR WASTE IS TINY.


JUST WISH IT WAS A TINY BIT SHORTER.


HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS EVERYONE LOVED IT,  of course I had a spanx on underneath and a pushup bra !


This is a flattering summer dress.  I intend to use it for nursing too.  The top part is high enough where you don't need to wear a tank top underneath...no fear of it gapping or opening, but easy enough to open for nursing.


This dress is fantastic.I bought it in size XXL. It's a flattering dress for us bigger ladies.  The fabric is lovely and thick, and drapes nicely. I ordered a Dark Cyan and  Light Rose. The Cyan is a gorgeous color and I'm going to wear it constantly. The light rose is pretty bright, almost more of a hot pink. It's not a great color for me, so I'm probably going to return it for a different color. And maybe buy a few more. It's a fantastic dress for a great price!


This is probably the best article of clothing I've bought recently from anywhere (I typically do not buy brands I do not recognize from Amazon because you really do not know what you're going to get).  But this dress is nearly perfect.  The fabric is stretchy, but not a thin, clingy material.  It's more cotton than stretch.  The wrap top fits perfectly also, it is not low-cut and does not gape open like most wrap tops.  The length is great also.  I am 5' 9" and it comes just to the top of my knees.  Any shorter and I would not wear it.  But I think the length is short enough that it would also be fine for those that are shorter than me.  And since the elastic is right under the bust, it highlights the bust but is a bit looser in the waist, which makes it very flattering for those of us with an expanding waistline.  It is also not too dressy and not too casual, which means it can be worn for just about any occasion.  It can be worn with flats, but also would look great dressed up with heels.  I literally came back here to buy it in four more colors and just thought I would leave a review while I'm here.


This dress fits so great! The way it drapes across the body is fantastic. I've received many compliments on it. It gives one a carefree and easy feeling, yet looks stunning! I love the color!


