It's like this dress was made for a breastfeeding mama! I absolutely love it! For reference. I'm 5' 2" 135lbs and i got a medium. It fits great but I could have gotten a small and still been comforable so if you're second guessing yourself the dress is stretchy so you could size down if you wanted. It makes your waist look great and it's the perfect length. It's modest but, not like prude modest. Just get it lol it's fabulous!!


I love this dress! The color was as depicted, the seams were well done, and it fit perfectly! Im hard to fit too because I have a small waist but larger hips and bust. In short, it is beautiful and well made.


I absolutely love this dress! It is the second one that I have purchased! I purchased one in a light blue for a wedding this past summer and I just purchased an orange one for an upcoming cruise. It looks so flattering on!


The dress is very pretty but didn't fit me well.  I'm 5'4" 185 pounds.  I ordered the XL but it was tight.  The waist line of the dress was to high for me. I'll be returning it but only because it didn't fit well.


Cute & comfortable, especially for the price! I put a blazer over it and wore to work. Could easily make it more casual with a denim jacket & sandals, or dress it up with heels. Only downside is that it wrinkles very easily.


I'll admit that I sometimes never know where the chest flap is supposed to be, but it's a good conservative cut for the office,


 weddings, and even church (not that I ever go to the third). It's a decent weight fabric, and though it's not see-through, I still wear leggings under it at work. I purchase and return a lot of dresses, but kept and ordered another of these. I have both blue and pink.


So, I took a chance on this after reading the reviews and I am thrilled I did! I'm 5'4" 140lbs 36DD and bought a medium and it looks fabulous on me! The material is stretchy but thick so I'm pretty certain it will wash and wear well and last. The color is as shown, the stitching is solid and it's just perfect! I'm going to eventually end up ordering one in every color I know it.


The material is heavy enough to avoid clinging to the gut, but looks and feels light. I hate dresses because of my apple shape, but I loved this one. I got fushia, but I'd call the color something more like plum. It's not hot pink, which is what I think of when I hear fuschia. I took a risk that the color in the phot was more accurate than the name, and was right. Looked great with a gold pashmina and gold and pearl jewelry. I'm normally a size 16-18, 38D, and the xl fit great. At 5'4" the dress hit right at the bottom of the knee.


Definitely buy one size larger. The dart on one side came mid-bra line, emphasizing that exact spot that should have been nicely hidden. Please note: this is t-shirt material! And, as such, does cling to whatever is underneath, particularly bulges.


I loved the dress except it was too long for my body.The gray wasn't my favorite color and black would most likely have been a prettier choice for me. Fabric was sort of like a super heavy streachy t-shirt type fabric. The dress chart only goes up to xl and they actually offer an xxl size.  If you need an xxl you will have to guess a bit.  It's a really nice quality material and the company is a really A+ company to deal with.  If I were a little taller, this would have been a perfect dress for me. I rate it 5 stars because the company is really great and the quality is very nice.  It's no ones fault I'm short except my mother.


