This is the best postpartum dress I have ever worn! It is fitted through my bodice and hugs me at the slimmest part of my waist, then flares out perfectly to hide the postpartum pooch! It is also perfect for discreet and easy breastfeeding!


It can be worn simply by itself and still feel amazing, but my favorite way to wear it is with my white denim jacket and white wedges.


I ordered the blue and love it! I will probably order the black one in the near future!


I'm 5'6" and 137 pounds and ordered a Medium. It fits well and very comfortably, but could probably get away with a small if I needed to.


I am 5'81/2", wt 175, ordered XL.  The dress fit perfectly!!!!  I usually have trouble with the waist being to high, this one might be 1/2" high, but so much better than usual.  It comes mid knee, since I am tall, it might be long on some people, but is perfect for me.  I ordered it in 3 colors hoping it could be my "go to" summer dress, 2 fun colors and basic black, dress it up, dress it down.  I am so glad I went ahead and ordered all three at the same time so I don't have to wait for more.  I can tell I will be getting a lot of wear out of these.  Haven't washed them yet, but they seem to be well made, the fabric is a jersey type, but not to thin, I probably won't put them in the dryer.


This was purchased for a Princess Peach costume (along with https://www.amazon.com/dp/B002YDGR3A/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_7 and https://www.amazon.com/dp/B016BCU84S/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_8) , but is so flattering on I would wear it again! Would look really cute with a belt as well.


I am 5'3, 120lbs, 30A, pear shape body


30 bust, 27 waist, 32 hips.


Dress material is nice and thick, it is stretchy and a bit loose for me. The length is a tad too long, it hits 2 inches below the knee. I will hem it after the event.


Overall it's a good dress for work and day events. The material makes it seem like it'll be good for winter also.


I may return this because of the looseness in the waist or I might try to alter this with my sewing machine.


I absolutely love this dress.  I am short 5/4 and normally wear an 8/10 with a 36G bust and I purchased a Medium.  This dress is SOO super flattering, I received a TON of compliments on it.  It is very modest in the bust but not so modest that it looks dumpy.  The waist hits perfectly several inches below my bust to accentuate an hourglass figure.  The length is perfect just above the knee (I am short legged and usually wear a 29-30 in inseam, so my waist is a bit longer.  This fabric is nice and stretchy and is not too thin.  I am going to purchase this in another color for sure.  The cap sleeves are PERFECT, usually cap sleeves tend to be a bit tight on my arms (they are not "slender" but not "fat") and these flare just a bit at the top so they don't cut into my arms at all.


I live in Southern California and I love to wear dresses. I manage a pediatric practice and I usually like to pair a nice dress or skirt with a good cardigan and then I am good to go. When I came across this dress, I thought that it looked so flattering and I loved the style and color. I placed the order and this was shipped to me quickly. I got this in a size medium and this is very true to size. The material is really soft and this dress does have a little give, so it is easy to pull right on. This fits my body type well and it really hugs my upper body very fitting and nice. This does have a v-neck but is not too revealing, and the top does not hang down at all, so I do not have to worry about constantly pulling the top up to not show so much. This has a lot of extra material under the waist and you can easily dance in this. Nothing was itchy on this dress and it is seen together well. I can't wait to wear this at work and during upcoming summer get together's. I am happy with this and the material did not fade or fall apart at all when I washed this. I received this product (very kindly) for free during a special promotion. I treat each product that I review as though I paid full price for it. There are many up-and-coming companies with new products that they want people to test and review so that they can have their name and product out there. I always give my honest review of a product (good or bad) in order to give those shopping on Amazon my best opinion of a product that they may want to check out. I too am an avid Amazon shopper and I value the opinions of those taking their time to write an honest review. My review is not influenced or manipulated and I am not paid to write this. I hope that I have answered some questions and that my review was helpful. Please feel free to send me any questions related to this product; I will try my best to answer them for you. My review, thoughts, and opinion are unbiased and 100% that of my own.


I was looking for a casual dress that wasn't too simple, and I think that this is the one.


I'm 5'1 and ordered a small (which is what I usually wear). It lands comfortably on my knees, and isn't too long.


The design of the dress is very fitting and comfortable, but the neck is a bit low for my personal preference so I'll be wearing an undershirt. Other than that, if you wear a medium sized bra then the chest area of this dress should be fine.


The color I ordered is called "skyblue", and it is true to the picture. It's vibrant without being a baby blue.


The dress arrived with creases that require ironing, but the fabric is so soft that just wearing it will get rid of most of the wrinkles.


I was originally planning on saving this dress until it was warmer, but the fabric is actually quite wind-resistent. I wore it in the chilly December weather with leggings and a coat, and I felt fine! (Although, please note that I was wearing an additional undershirt).


Overall, the dress looks high quality and the design is very cute. My only complaint is that it may be too warm for the summer, since it isn't sheer. Definitely would recommend as a spring dress!


Comfortable and soft material.  Well made. Easy to steam the wrinkles out. Forgiving material that hides some "problem" spots like tummy and fanny. Looks good on a curvy figure. Hit me just above the knee. Perfect for work or casual wear. Size ran true, I ordered a XXL as I typically wear a 14/16 is US clothing. The color was beautiful ( a sort of wine/burgandy), I really love the fit, shows off the curves without clinging and accentuating less than perfect areas.


I received the dress at a discount in exchange for my honest review after wearing and testing. The thoughts and feelings expressed above are my own from my own experience. I hope that my review and photos are helpful to others.


I keep trying this on to decide if it is a keeper...because I WANT to love all of it as the price is perfect.  It is high-waisted, about 2" shorter in the body than my LLR "Nicole" which fits me perfectly.  My teen daughters tell me it is not short waisted enough to look awkward, it just doesn't feel perfect- the waistline is right at the bend in my waist.  It hits just at/above the knee which a LOVE.  The criss-cross front is a tad low on my 34B chest- but a black sport bra fixes that.  The fabric is heavier- poly-cotton blend that is not super soft or silky feeling.  The dress has nice movement and swing.  I am a size 2 and 5'6"- I ordered a small and it fits me without stretching at all, so fitting shorter waisted ladies a couple of sizes up no problem.


This is such a comfortable dress. The fabric is like a tee shirt material, only thicker. Its so soft and comfy! The top wrap is really shapely and is flattering to all sizes! The skirt of this dress is really full. I didnt wear a underskirt but i think with one, it would pouf out the skirt really nicely. And bonus points, it twirls. Yes even in my early thirties i love twirling in a skirt! The seams on this skirt are so well sewn. The arent falling apart or half assed sewn like some clothes ive come across on here. Its flattering, the color is rich and pretty! You wont be disappointed in your order!!


I got this item at a discount in exchange for my honest review! I am extremely pleased with this outfit and will order more!


