too smal and didn't look right. My daughter has had a lot of difficulty with ordering clothes off of Amzon due to not knowing where the products are made and their tru sizing. We try and follow the size guides but find that they are often wrong. Sometimes the product advertised is not what is received.


This is a great dress. It runs very small, so I ordered the next size, and it was still too tight. Unfortunately, it just isn't going to look good on me. And, that's sad, because it is a really nice dress, especially at this price!


I was skeptical about buying a dress online through Amazon (so many horror stories about buying dresses online) but this one looked amazing and I thought why not try it.  The fit is quite flattering and the color is just gorgeous!!  I'm 5'3" 135 and I bought the medium (36D bust size) and it fits like a glove.  Not too tight and I love how it hits at the knee.  I ended up pairing it with a slim braided belt and have received so many compliments on it.  Bought the same dress but in the wine color and love that one too!!


Great dress. I followed the advice of another review and pulled the neckline down a bit so more of the ruching say at my midsection and it did a really good job of hiding the few extra pounds I haven't lost. The material is heavier than you think it would be, but that doesn't bother me in the least..I think I'll be able to wear this in the winter with leggings too. Added bonus.


I love this dress so much! I wear it regularly. It is super easy to dress down or dress up. I have worn it to work, church, baby showers, and other special events. I am 5'10" and ordered a large. The fit was great and the length was just above my knee-AMAZING! I am also planning to order it in black.


Love the dresses by Laksmi! This is the second one I’ve purchased. The first is all black. This floral style has a softer touch than the all black. Flattering cut and design, easy care, great price.


I don't know if I'd call it a sexy cocktail dress, but I wear it to work and it's very appropriate. Good to throw on in a pinch. I have a larger bust and it covers well without making me matronly.


This is the perfect work dress!! The color is beautiful and it is made well. It hasn't ripped or torn. It fits perfectly and is lightweight and super comfortable. I've gotten several compliments on it as well. I love it.


This dress is super stretchy and comfy. I used it for a wedding and was able to match it with a cute pair of white shoes to create a nice dressed up look. I see is more as a semi forml gown than a casual, but I am sure someone could rock it as either. I will be keeping this for another event!


The dress fit perfect. I was a bit leary at ordering a dress through Amazon especially not being able to try it on.  According to the chart I’m a small and usually I wear a medium depending on the style of dress and material. But this dress fit perfect in all aspects.  I don’t have any complaints about this dress whatsoever.


