Maybe I'm just a fat slob, and that's why this dress doesn't work on me. I don't know. But I was disappointed to see lumps and bumps on my back, along the bra line. I believe they call it "back fat." Ugh. Maybe I should've gotten a larger size, but I didn't want to have to deal with the hassles of shipping it back and waiting for the new one to arrive, only to risk finding out it's TOO big and then having to ship that one back, too! This is why I hate buying clothes online. Anyway, I foolishly decided to keep it, thinking I'd either:  a) lose weight, or b) find a bra or camisole that eliminates back fat. But because I hate shopping and haven't had the willpower to diet, this dress remains in my closet. Sigh.


I'm 5'2' 120lbs, the medium size fit well. The stitching was a bit messy on a part of the dress (see pic). The material is not see through. After washing it takes a good day and a half to dry if you leave it to dry flat which is what the directions say. Overall disappointed in the stitching but it was a good value so I just hope it doesn't start to unravel there.


I really like this dress because it's so comfortable but my husband noticed that the dart on the bust made it look like my nipple was poking through. It could just be that I'm smaller chested so there was some extra fabric that bunched up there. Anyway, I didn't want to wear a dress like that so I returned it but I highly recommend you try it! It's soft and flowy but not thin fabric- you feel like you have good coverage and are wearing a quality dress. FYI- I'm 5'4" 155 lbs and wear a 34B.


I like this dress.  It's comfortable, fits great, and just perfect.


The only reason I've knocked two stars off the rating is that the color runs.  And runs. And runs.


I did the smart thing and washed it by hand instead of tossing it in with the rest of the load on laundry day.  If you're in the mood to change the color of some of your other garments (And who doesn't want their husband's beige polo shirt to acquire a happy shade of bright pink?), be my guest and make use of this cheap tie-dye project.  Since I did not purchase other colors, I can't vouch for the same situation occurring  with a light color version of this dress,  I'm going to try to set the color with 1/2 of vinegar and two teaspoons of salt to see if that will solve the problem.


I bought this dress because I needed something  classic and simple to wear to several events this summer I am 5 foot two and weigh 128 pounds I got the medium and it fits great it’s a little bit long but that was to be expected. Otherwise  it fits really well all over the place .  The neckline is extremely flattering and the cap Sleeves are adorable.  I’m currently thinking about getting one in black. The color is great this was the wine it’s a nice burnt  red color.  The material is nice and thick it’s not a flimsy dress .  It stretches but definitely hugs in all the right places !  For the price I’d give it a shot !


I was very pleased with the fit and feel of this dress... I felt very pretty and feminine.  Unfortunately, I had to return it because the two different fabrics clashed with each other.  The top of the dress was black, but the bottom floral skirt had a blue-ish gray background.  I was expecting the background of the floral skirt to be black like the top, but the difference was too great for me to be satisfied... so ended up returning it.  I was very disappointed because I was really looking forward to wearing it!


Washed it in the washing machine in cold and dried in the drier multiple times. It did not fade, shrink, or even need ironing. This is my favorite dress to travel with.


Sooo cute and very flattering. I'm curvy and this dress became one of my new favorites because it makes my waist look tiny and flairs right where I need it to!


Heavy fabric, unflattering style. Disappointment. Runs a size small.


I LOVE this dress. I now have a wine/red & a purple one, and a long-sleeve black one. Flattering (I’m a pear-ish hourglass shape) and can be paired with little Keds or tights and boots or even heels to dress it up. VERY comfy, not at all see-through.


