Love this dress. Got several compliments from strangers the first time I wore it!  Love the light blue for spring and summer.


This dress wears and fits just as expected.  The color is beautiful and the fabric is comfortable for all day wearing.  As other reviewers have mentioned, it does not flop open in the front.  A great buy!


This dress fits perfectly. I am 5'0"  with a 32E bust and wear a size two petite. The dress comes down to the knees, and the top is not too tight. The sleeves come down just past my shoulders and are work appropriate. I will definitely be ordering more in different colors!


I adore this dress! Very well made. It's a lovely flowy fabric that is heavy enough to fall really well on the body but also light enough to not be hot or constricting. It is so flattering, I want to wear it all the time! I've already bought it in two colors and I fully plan on buying more!


I am 5'3", 170 pounds and the extra large was perfect for me. Not tight but not too loose either.


Cute style and stretchy material. A little more form fitting than I prefer at my age (60). Recommend buying larger than your regular size if you don’t want something too form fitting. Can be dressed up or down.


Dress is very suitable, looks very charming, waist is posted, so that the chest is more upright! very beautiful! I like it very much!


Such an easy, comfortable, modest, flattering dress. I was breastfeeding at the time and the style provided easy access for my baby and full coverage when she was done. The fabric was thicker than I was expecting - not thin and t-shirt like. It is excellent quality and I plan to purchase at least one more in another color.


I absolutely love this dress.  Great fit, nice and stretchy.  I wanted something light I could wear in the summer while breastfeeding, and this is exactly what I wanted.  The fabric is nice, clearly quality.


This dress is so comfy and fits perfectly to the body. The design is pretty and stylish. This dress is nice to wear and I love this dress overall.


My daughter loves this dress. She says it is very comfortable to wear. She is going to order one or two more in different colors


