There is a good stretch so I think it’s got a forgiving fit. I’m big chested but it falls nicely and I still have a shape. Beautiful color. Nice medium weight fabric.


Love this item, has a retro look..i am 5ft.3in tall 127 pounds, got the S (small) size. Fits like a charm. Like the texture and heavy material.


My dress is beautiful


Color just right. Style is mine. Fabric perfect and very well put together. Zipper works fine and I have gotten many compliments on my new red dress


Thanks. And arrived on time and for my next purchase I will go to Amazon and check on this company. Thanks


I was hesitant on buying this because some reviews say order a size down or size up from your original dress size. I'm 5'3 about 130lbs I usually wear a medium in dresses but went with a large in the wine color and it fits pretty good. Not too loose. Not too tight. And it stops just past my knees. The fabric is thick enough so it's not see-through. And the v-neck doesn't show much cleavage. Gives you the modest look.


Beautiful and affordable easy dress. Dress up or down, either way you will love the way it flows in your body!


So I was a little worried about this dress because I saw a lot of reviews saying it shows a lot of cleavage, but for myself personally I am on the small side so it fit perfect and fully covered me, but if you're not comfortable showing more skin if you have a larger chest the dress is very stretchy and you can definitely wear tank top underneath it.


A bit small and not the color I thought it was going to be according to the picture. If the color would've matched and been a tish bigger I would love it


I LOVE this dress.  I'm 3 months postpartum so my least favorite thing about wearing any clothing right now is finding something that doesn't highlight my postpartum midsection.  This dress fits the bill.  It's comfortable, just past my knees (I'm 5'3"), and was true to size.  The neckline is flattering but not too low, and the ruched bodice does wonders for my stomach area.  I'm planning on ordering at least one more dress in a different color.  I would order them all if I could!


This was a great buy. I'm usually nervous about ordering clothes online but this dress arrived quickly, is high quality for the price, and fits exactly as expected. I'm 5'1"and 115 pounds and the small is perfect. Super comfy material and the silhouette is very forgiving of my tummy area. Color is gorgeous too, like red wine. Today is the first day it's been warm enough to wear a dress since I've gotten it, and I've been getting compliments all day!


I love this dress!! It came quickly and the color is just like the picture. I am still breastfeeding my son and this dress is perfect. It's hard to find nice clothes for breastfeeding but this does the trick. I am able to discreetly feed him without anyone really noticing.


I ordered a medium. I am a 34d, 5'3 and weigh 150lbs.  This dress is stretchy and has not lost color due to washing.


