Super cute and comfy dress!


I am 5' 9 1/2" and 155# and because of reviews that it ran somewhat small I ordered an XL instead of a L (which would ordinarily be plenty roomy on me.) The XL fits very nicely and not too tight. I am so happy with this summer dress, that once I see how it comes through a wash cycle, I plan on buying another color.


Very happy with this purchase. It is true to size, I ordered a Large and it fit perfectly. The dress is of knee length & very becoming. Will purchase more in different colors.


Yes it did


I love this dress and the style! Fantastic fit. It accentuates all of the right curves especially for a curvaceous gal like me! I purchased it in black, fuschia, and orange. All colors are wonderful and are very close to what is represented in the photos via Amazon. You will be very pleased with the fit especially around the bust if you are blessed in that area ;)  Cheers!


Very adorable dress. I am adding a scarf around my waste as a belt to add some color. Wearing it to a wedding rehearsal dinner. Comfortable and flattering. I wear a size 16 but am large breasted and got an XXL and it fits good.


I'm between size 14-16 I'm 5'9" with bust of 38ddd ordered xxl.. This dress is great! I love the fabric too. Hugs all the right curves without being uncomfortable. Only issue is must wear seamless undies bc the way the fabric lays on my butt it shows panty lined. Length is great right above knee. I would love to get more colors bc it's an easy wear for anywhere!


Fabric felt cheap.  Fit was baggy through the chest. Hits at an odd, unflattering length (I am 5'5").


Awesome fit. The material is strange though. It felt wet when I opened it. I let it lay over chair before trying it on. I slipped it on and it feels like it was made for my body. I bought a second one in pink.


Usually finding a good dress is impossible. It's either too short and/or it fits fine for one half of my body, but too loose/tight on the other (I'm 6ft and my top half runs M-L while my bottom half runs 1-2X). I decided to take a chance with this dress (went with the XL) after going through the countless positive reviews from people across different body types. I'm happy to say that I finally have a cute and comfortable dress that fits all of me perfectly. As a bonus it can also be dressed up or down for any occasion.


