Gorgeous dress. Looks best with a belt, as it breaks up the solid color (but is fine without). I'm 5'3, and it goes a little below my knee - if it were only 2 inches shorter, or if only I were taller, it would be perfect ;)


I got an XXL, sizing up as recommended by seller and other reviewers. I could have gotten away with an XL. It's a little baggier on top, but it still fits. 34DD, 14/16 in pants.


I love love love this dress!  I have never ordered clothing on Amazon before because I was scared it wouldn't fit.  But this dress fit perfect and made me feel pretty!  The material is great and the fit is fabulous!  I am an xl normally, so that's what I ordered and it was perfect!


This is an excellent casual dress for wearing out and about on sunny days.  The fabric is slightly stretchy but not too tight and is breathable. I am 5'9 and 160 lbs with a B cup and long waste.  The waste line hit at the perfect spot.  I didn't feel like I was over exposed or that my chest was swallowed in holes. The skirt length is also nice at right above the knee with a good flare.  I will be looking for additional colors of this dress to purchase.


I bought this dress on a whim hoping that I could dress it up as an Easter dress. It exceeded my expectations! The fit is very flattering; it covers the tummy area nicely. I'm 5'6, and I normally weigh between 120 and 125--but recently I've crept closer to 130 (apparently 2017 was a delicious year!)!  =)  I ordered a medium, and it was the perfect size. I found it to be slimming, and I think it will fit just as well when these few pounds are gone. I'm small-chested (34-B), and I didn't have to pin the front as I had expected. I was able to wear a regular bra, which is always a plus. I absolutely love the length--it comes to the knee. It's hard to find modest-length dresses these days, so I'm thrilled to have found this one. The color (sky blue) is adorable too; for Easter, I wore it with a white cardigan, a light pink beaded necklace, and I carried a light pink purse. I think it would be cute for the 4th of July with red accessories. No slip needed, and I wore it all day with no wrinkles. I washed it on a normal cycle and hung it to dry and had no problems. I will probably buy this in black also. Great purchase!


I ordered rose and it looked like a beautiful color from the picture online. Received it and it was an ugly hot pink color. Sent back customer service was prompt to respond to the negative feedback to remedy the issue. Still did not get the dark rose dress that I initially wanted. The company said it was a mislabeled dress, received the light rose not dark rose. Dress is a nice material. I am 5'2", about 140lbs and 34B and a small seems to fit well. Hope to nurse my new baby in it.


This was a fantastic investment! I know, one should be humble, but: I look amazing in this. I was scared about the sizes, because I am post-baby #2 and still need to loose a dozen pounds. I am a 36C, 32in waist, size 8 pants, 5'5. I got the Medium, instead of the large. PERFECT. I think I'll need a small after I loose more weight. (I decided not to post my weight because it can be so deceiving, since we all carry our weight differently. I carry mine in my butt and legs, so for this dress, the weight thing is irrelevant.)


I will absolutely be buying more. I regret returning the pink one, as it seemed to bright for work hearings/court. I should have kept it for days that I am just in the office. Will repurchase.


The dress is lovely, nice and comfy fabric and fits well. Looks well put together and doesn't feel "cheap"...doesn't feel fancy, either, though.


- The top is a bit bigger, has a bit more cloth, which is awesome for larger busted women because there is plenty of cloth to contain the ladies. It is a wrap over top on the neck line, but despite my E cups there was not excessive cleavage, gapping, stretching, or any of the usual problems. Very small busted ladies might want to search for some user pics, I suspect it might be loose...


-I am 5'2" and this hit just below the knees.


-I have a very small frame and often look like I'm wearing my mom's clothes...this was a pretty average, regular sized dress. I wasn't swimming in it, but it should be fine for women with an average or slightly larger frame. The shoulders and armpits weren't excessively large for me, just a little, but not bad. The fabric is stretchy, so larger framed women shouldn't have an issue and I doubt it would look unnatural.


But...unfortunately...I had to return the dress and won't be able to get another one. The sizing chart indicates that the waist is 25.2" on the Small. It was a bit loose in the waist, even though I tried it on after a pretty big lunch. I measured my waist at 25.5" after taking it off, yet there was at least an inch, probably more, of room in there. Why write 25.2" if it isn't??? I don't know, maybe if I washed it it would shrink, but I don't want to take the chance it won't shrink enough and I'll be left with a too big waist and can't return it. Since the fabric is fairly thick, it doesn't flow against your body, instead there is just air between the dress and my skin...so it just makes my waist look bigger...And since there is no size XS, I am out of luck. :(


UPDATE: I am editing this review and adding two stars to make a 5 star rating. After the below review, I was contacted directly by the seller, who offered to send me a size Small of the dress I ordered based on my review, at no additional cost. I am very impressed with the customer service. The small dress they sent was the same quality as the one I previously received, but fits better and looks better as a result. I still think the neckline should be fixed, however, for the customer service at this price, I am blown away. Thank you Laksmi. I will definitely order again from them, because I know I can expect great service and good products!


I got this in a Medium based on other reviewers, but I probably could have taken a small. I would say this dress runs true to size. The wrap neckline on this is a little off - it rises up and cuts right across the center of your breast when ideally it would go underneath. Overall it was inexpensive so I will keep it, but it's definitely just a casual knockaround dress. Buy it if the price is right but don't spend too much on it.


5'3", 36DD, 160lbs, hourglass curves. I wear dresses from 8 - 12, depending on bust size mostly, so I grabbed a Large, to be safe. I really like how comfortable it is. It's just heavy enough in the skirt to hang nicely, but it's light enough to feel the breeze through it. Can be dressed up or down, modest or flirty. The blue looks a lot more like advertised than in my bad lighting.


LOVE this dress! I want it in every color! The fabric is thicker than I expected but it is stretchy. It doesn't reveal very much cleavage so I'm very happy I don't have to wear a cami underneath (I'm a 40D). It covers the tummy like I need and is all around a great dress for the price. I ordered my normal size and it's perfect. Great for work!


