I love it! I ordered a large and it fits great, no too bulky. Great colors, look exactly like the picture.


This is a really nice dress. My initial impression was that the material seemed thick and heavy, and I was worried this dress would be too bulky and hot for spring or summer. However, this wears as a nice, light dress. I ordered the gray in a Large, and it fits very comfortably. I'm 5'7" and 150 lbs. with long legs and a long torso; I probably could have gotten away with a Medium, but my biggest concern was the length and the cinch line at the waist. I have very wide hips and a large butt, so generally dresses flare out to the point where a good breeze makes wearing them troublesome, but this dress is the perfect length to be suitable for work (and breezes!). The cinch line at the waist isn't too tight, but it sits about an inch high from my actual waist line (that's probably my long torso though). The material is soft, the color is awesome, and the neckline is very flattering without being too low to be revealing. I definitely plan on ordering this dress in more colors and would recommend it to anyone needing a comfortable dress for an office environment.


Very nice!


Great dress. And versatile and classy enough to wear to work or out for the evening.


great dress


Comfortable and flattering fit


Amazing dress! The material is nice and thick, but not too heavy and oh, so comfy. It's soft right out of the bag and isn't stiff. Don't have to worry about wearing a slip since it isn't sheer. Just a simple, affordable dress. Darker colors may be a little warm in the middle of summer, but it's short sleeved and a relatively short dress. I'm only 5'0 and this dress hits me at the bottom of my knee, so it will be shorter on taller people.Medium worked fine for my bust, and I'm pretty chesty. It's a forgiving, stretchy material and lays well. It can be dressed up or dressed down, so it's real versatile.


Thank you


Dress is true to size: I am 5'3" 120 lbs and a size Small was a perfect fit. The red wine color of the dress was perfect for my work's holiday party. It is also a nice dress to wear to work at a business casual office setting.


cute dress for the cost


