This is a great dress and the price can't be beat. It will be nice for three seasons and can be dressed up or down. I am pear shaped and it fits well. It could be a bit snugger in the bust, but because of the spandex and play it works. I really like the berry color and it drapes well over my full hips. I am 5'2 and the petite fits me well, just below the knee.


Used the size chart in the description. It runs a little large. Fabric feels a little odd and wrinkles. Color is nice.


This dress is lovely.  The stretchy knit is a nice weight so this dress would be good for summer time.  I think it fits somewhat small (I ordered large) but nothing drastic.  I ordered the sky blue and it is a gorgeous shade of blue.  Very nicely made - I am considering other colors.  I love how there is no zipper - you just pull it over your head.  Overall, I like the dress very much.


Really impressed with this dress, bought it in two colors but ended up returning due to fit. Really nice fabric and the sewing looks pretty darn good for the price. I'm 3 weeks postpartum and tiny except for a large bust (34ddd), the size 4 was perfect except the cut made my bust stand out way too much. Might reconsider in a year when done breastfeeding and back to smaller bra size, I think this dress would look great on someone with a smaller bust.


Beautiful dress. Very versatile and fits perfectly. The material and quality is great and comfy. It is tight in all of the right places and loose in all of the right places.


The fabric is that stiff crunchy cotton, not soft & flowy as I'd hoped!. When you put it on, the bottom sticks out & doesnt drape down.  The style is really cute, and it's awesome on the top, but from the waist down it's just too hard for my liking.  It looks like they used to have it in the 95/5 rayon/spandex, which would have been awesome on this dress!  I don't know why they changed it, but now it's 95/5 cotton/spandex, with no drape.


Came out of the package, really wrinkled, so would have to iron it.  But then the minute you sit down, it gets wrinkled again!  Probably why they used to have it in the rayon - soft, stretchy & never wrinkles! Why did they change it!


Very disappointed, it had such promise!


Very good quality for the price. Fabric a good weight - thick enough that bra straps don't show through. Also thick enough that with a scarf and blazer I can wear it to work in an office. Comfy and casual for weekends on its own. I normally wear an American size 12 and the Large fit perfectly. Very flattering. Will be purchasing more in other colors.


I originally bought  for my halloween costume and it would have worked if it had shown up on time and not late. I eventually returned it cause it was just way too long I might have liked it better if it was just below the knee instead 2 inches above my ankles.  I'm 5ft 7 . Not any other uses like I had hoped when I ordered it. The quality seemed nice though and thought it was not too thin like other styles like this.


I absolutely love this dress. I was apprehensive to buy it since almost every time I order clothes online it doesn't end well. But I was under a time crunch and needed a dress. So on a whim I ordered this and was so surprised! The fabric is comfortable. Can easily be dressed up or down. My husband loved it.


Nice dress. Wrinkles more easily than I had hoped. Not quite wash and wear. It is a fun summer dress but runs a little small. I often wear smalls or mediums but mediums are a little large for me. This one fits more like a small.


