I'm 5'2, 120lb, and I ordered a medium. It fits perfectly! The fabric is great quality too. Arrived quickly.


Very nice material--thicker than expected which was nice. This dress can be dressed up or down. Very pretty.


Loved this summer dress! Fit as expected and drops just above knee so not too short. I wash AND dry this dress with almost no shrinkage. Throw it on and add jewelry...done!


Fantastic dress - I love the color, and it's laundered well after 4 washings already. Easy to wear and flattering, it's become one of my favorites already. Packs great, too. I normally wear a L,sometimes XL - I ordered up to a XXL based on reviews and it fits fine. Time to get more colors!


Cute dress for the price! Neckline is high enough so there is no cleavage.


Love, love, love this dress.  It fits beautifully!!  I'm thinking of buying another one to have a back up.  It's a beautiful dress that you can wear casually or dress it up.  I would HIGHLY recommend it!!


This was bought for my granddaughter, who is extremely slim, so it was too large for her, although I bought a small.  The dress appeared to be a nice dress and the price was certainly right.  Unfortunately, I had to return it.


I ordered this dress in size Medium and color Dark Grey. For reference I'm 5'1", 125 lbs and measures 34,29,35 and the size Medium turns out the right size for me on this dress. The design is simple and modest but flattering as well. The front is a crossover v-neck style with a little bit of pleating on the side. The dress length hits just a few inches below my knees. I think this is more of a casual dress rather than a prom dress as describe in the product description. It'll even work as a work dress.


The fabric used for this dress is a mix of cotton and jersey so it has a little bit of stretch to it. This dress doesn't have any zipper on it but is very easy to put on because the fabric stretch. The dress is not lined and does not need any because the fabric is thick enough so it's not sheer but still creates a nice drape. The dress is also very comfortable and breathable and is a nice option to wear during the warm weather. I think this dress is well made. The seams are all sewn well, no loose threads or tears.


Overall, I think this is a very nice dress. If you're for something different from maxi dresses and bodycon style dresses then this is a great choice.


I received this product for free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.


A little smaller than size indicates but drapes beautifully and washed up nice in cold water with Woolite.


Cute dress, feels good, the fit is very nice, right at my knees and im 5'6", doesn't show too much cleavage, which is usually a problem, I have with these types of dresses. Dress it up with jewelry or just plain as a summer dress, I love it.


