UPDATE: I have since ordered another one of these dresses in Black XXL because they are just so comfortable. I know sometimes I think I will order more of something, but with this dress I could not resist. It is the perfect length to look cute and show a little leg and cover all of your bum at the same time. I can bend over and not worry that I am exposing myself to the world every time I do so. The front wrap creates a v shaped neck that is slightly off center and gives the dress that little something extra that makes it stand out from all the others. The neckline is not too low and I am not showing the girls off, but I am showing a little skin so I do not look all crazy covered up in this intense summer heat. I feel feminine and not over dressed when I wear this and I am perfectly happy sporting it anywhere. I wore it with the brightest neon pink running shoes you have ever seen and it looked adorable with this black dress. I can pair it with sandals and wear to a wedding or on a date. I know I will try military combat boots this fall and I can all ready see that pairing in my head and know it is going to be perfect with a moto jacket or the trucker style light denim jacket I just ordered. I am so pleased with how these dresses are made and will certainly order another when I decide I need a different color...LOL! Which will most certainly be in the next few weeks. They are so easy to throw on and feel completely put together. I love easy.


I ordered the wine red color in the largest size available. It fits like it was made for me. The color is like a dusty burgundy or that's the only way I know to describe it. It's not really deep red or bright red and it's not a washed out or faded color. The front crosses over like a mock wrap and really slims and flatters my waist. It skims right over any of the parts I may be a little self conscious about like my hips and tummy areas. It actually makes me look smaller. It has an empire waist and it hits me right where it should. The dress ends right at my knee. Maybe a little below it, but not by much. I know it is just right because I don't feel like I'm showing too much at all and when I bend or sit I'm not constantly tugging it down to keep from exposing myself. I love the flair the skirt of this dress have and how it twirls and moves as I walk or just as I gesture when talking. This is the perfect dress for a date night or casual family get together and can easily be dressed up depending on the occasion. I really like the way it looks on me and think it would flatter just about anyone who wanted to wear it. I did wear this with a pair of compression shorts underneath to smooth me out around my hips and thighs and just for modesty's sake if the dress should fly up. I believe this dress in black would look great and go with everything if you needed just a little black dress for any occasion. I know if it was offered in other colors I would definitely look at ordering a brighter color if there was a deep purple offered or a dusty rose version. I can see wearing with leggings this fall and a pair of boots and this burgundy color will look amazing when all the leaves start changing colors.


My measurements to compare with are as follows: 43" bust or 38D/ 35" waist/ 45" hips...I'm 5'7" and 199 lbs. I followed the size chart and chose the XL to order. It has a little stretch but fits as it should. The sleeves are capped and fit right over my shoulders but don't really offer any coverage. The mock wrap gives you a v neck look which I personally think is flattering on every one. It is not too low cut or revealing.


I received a discount on this dress in exchange for my honest opinion and review of the product. I hope you have found my review helpful. Thank you!


I am always looking for a great deal on dress clothes so when I saw that I could get the Laksmi Women's Elegant V Neck Shirred Retro Vintage Prom Dress at a discount for my honest and unbiased review, I was very happy. With me being a HUGE Kentucky Wildcats fan, it was a no brainer that I was going to pick royal blue to support my cats! When this item arrived, I was very pleased with it. The color is beautiful!!! And the material is very stretchy which I love!! I am not a small woman so something that isn’t tight is nice! I am 5’2” and normally wear a size 14 so I ordered this in a XXL and it fits pretty well but it does stretch a lot so I could have went down a size.


This dress is knee length and even with me being pretty short, it comes just barely below my knees. I was a little worried that this dress does have a V neck because most V necks do not look right on me and show to much cleavage so I normally have to wear a camisole under them. But with this one it actually fit great. Another reason I love this dress is that you can either dress it up and wear heels with it or it also looks great with just a pair of flats or sandals. Overall I am pleased with this dress and would purchase it again.


*I purchased this item at a discount for my honest and unbiased review. I am in no way affiliated with this company nor am I in any way obligated to leave a positive review for this product. This is my 100% honest review of this dress.


Very flattering! I purchase this to wear for a dance routine and I'm looking forward to twirling in it. The length is a little long for me, past my knees, I will likely hem it. I am 5 foot 3 and 135 pounds for reference in the medium fits me perfectly


This dress is very flattering, comfortable and sexy yet modest! The color is a little bit lighter in person than I expected but it's still great. I would love to order this in black, too!


Ordering Experience/Customer Service (5/5): Ordering was a breeze and very satisfactory. I did not have to contact the seller or their customer service for any reason – everything went smoothly and I am happy with my purchase! I received updates on the status of it every step of the way – it was updated and I was never left wondering where my package was.


Shipping (5/5): Shipping was SO FAST – THANK YOU, SELLER! I was so excited each time I received a shipping update on my phone and was continuously surprised how fast it got here! It was two-day shipping and when I was tracking the shipment via the tracking number, I couldn’t believe how quickly it was traveling! Like I said, the shipping info was updated accurately and in real-time, so I was confident knowing I was one step closer to getting my package and that it would get here on time!


Packaging/First Site (5/5): It arrived in a box and wrapped within that. It was folded and carefully packaged where it had no chance of getting ruined.


Sizing (5/5): Runs small but works well if you order a size up!


Overall (5/5):


Would I order the item again? Yes!


Would I order other items from this seller based on the product and service? YES! Win-win! '


Just a note - I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest opinion – the discount did not affect my review or opinion of the item and I hope this review helps others determine whether or not this product is right for them. I’m happy to answer any additional questions in regard to my personal experience. Thanks!


This supposedly called dress came rolled up in a ball& wasn't a dress, it was a robe with a sach.  Never ordered anything so disgusting.  Shame on them!!!


The only reason I am updating this review is because I have received probably 10+ emails from the company asking me to do so, and it is getting very annoying. The company responded to my review and offered me another item for free. I received the item promptly and it wasn't bad, but it is ridiculous that they are harassing me to change my review. Just because they sent me a different item does not mean it changes my opinion about the original item that I bought. Ridiculous!


I wish I could return this dress but I already took off the tag. The color is darker than the picture shows and the fabric is not good quality. Mine came very wrinkled and I couldn't manage to get it unwrinkled (I don't have an iron). It is also too large on me. I ordered a medium, and typically wear a medium to large size (5'6, 140 lbs). The dress was way too large and made me look bulky. It is a modest length, which does have that going for it. The chest area is also a little awkward, but that could be because I am lacking in that area. I imagine I may wear this to church a couple times, but other than that it'll just sit in my closet or end up being donated or sold in a garage sale. DON'T TAKE OFF THE TAG UNTIL YOU ARE POSITIVE YOU AREN'T GOING TO RETURN THIS DRESS.


Picked this dress up looking for something pretty yet relaxed that would work for the office and an evening out. The dress is very generously fitted and holds the wearer's shape very well without feeling too tight at the waist. The neckline can also be adjusted a little bit at your discretion.


Ordered a small. For reference, I'm 5'3" and 124 lbs.


This dress looks exactly like the picture.


I am 4'11" 128 lbs and I got Medium size(this dress is quite loose on me) I could of get away even with extra small or small but we are planning on having another baby so this will be added to my maternity clothes.


The material feels so comfortable and it is thick so it hides whatever imprefections you wanna hide.


The pleats made if even  more prettier.This could be worn for casual and even semi formal occassion.


There is no flaws I can see with this dress.


I received this dress at a discount in exchange of my honest and unbiased review.I am not affiliated to the seller or anything that affects my review.


This is only based on my personal experience with this dress.


 Lovely Dressy Dress!


Material is soft, drapey, but with body--not too thin!


Burgandy color is as pictured--my camera made it look more Red for some reason (lighting?), but it is definitely Burgandy.


Bodice is fitted, Waist is fitted, Skirt is flared like a Circle Skirt, or Skater Dress.


The XL fit well, except it was roomy in the bust.  I am 5'6", 133lbs, and 36B.  This is not a problem for me, as I am under the weight I prefer to be at, and plan to gain weight.  I would say I could be 15lbs heavier, and it would fit super!


Very nice dress...super pleased!


I have received this item at a discount for my honest, unbiased review...5 stars for Laksmi!


This dress is adorably cute. I am currently two months postpartum so I did buy one size bigger than usual to accommodate my larger breasts and belly and I'm glad I did. This dress is excellent for breast-feeding as you can easily push the top over for baby. Plus it hides so many flaws and makes me look feminine instead of postpartum. I want it in dark gray and I plan to get it in a few more colors.


