I just tried it on and it fits beautifully. I’m larger in the arms and bust and don’t like showing my arms, but cap sleeves always seem to look flattering so I thought I would try this. It’s a good material and very soft and giving. It cinches at the waist and flows nicely over troubled areas in the tummy and thighs. It’s definitely good for big busted people. I think it minimizes the bust in a flattering way and makes you look thinner! It’s also so comfortable and stretchy. I hate material that makes you feel like you’re in a straight jacket. I loved it so much I bought one for my mom too! I am 5’ 7” and 150lbs with a 32DDD bra size and the large fit perfectly.


SUPER comfy and cute, so much so that I bought multiple of these in short and long sleeves!  I wear them at least once a week.  I'm 5'9 and usually wear a small in dresses but bought a medium bc of the reviews.  I'm hourglass shaped and this fit well.  The med is a pinch big in the bodice.  I ordered a small, but it fit too perfect and didn't move well w/me, so I returned the small.  This can be dressed up for work or whatever or worn casually.  I LOVE these dresses!


I always have a hard time finding casual dresses, as I'm a 30G bust and a 6/8 bottom, but this dress worked great and is very flattering.  It is made of a good quality stretch cotton (with 5% spandex).  I am 5'3" and it hit just below my knees before I had it taken up about 2".  I LOVE that I can wear the wrap top up high for work or pull it lower for the weekends.  A great basic dress.


This dress is very elegant. It hit right on the knee for me. I could have gone a size smaller, nothing a cami can't hide. The color is so beautiful and so can dress it up or down, wear it to work party and not feel let down. The material is not heavy, so can be worn in all seasons.


This dress is super comfortable! It also fits great - not too clingy so it shows every line and bump, but not so loose that you feel like it's a sack. On me, the crossed front is nicely done and not too revealing. My only quibble is that it is more of a brick red than the dark red it appeared on my computer. It is a great length for work and I'm happy that it has sleeves, even if they are small. This was a great find.


This dress is so flattering on. And the material is well constructed. It's not heavyweight fabric, but this definitely isn't fast fashion construction. Comfortable enough to wear during a fibromyalgia flare.


Such a great dress for every day wear. It's super comfortable, and the magenta color is beautiful!


For reference, I'm 5'2", 120lbs, 32C, size XS/S typically. Ordered the medium and it was a tiny bit large on me. Not enough to worry about, and it might work itself out once I run it through the dryer. I'm thinking it might be better this way because some of the photos show a distinct line where the top of the dress crosses over the chest, and I don't have that. But it would still work if you have a little more on top than I do! Bottom hem sits at my knees.


Will be buying more colors of this dress. Higher quality than the price suggests.


I like the way it is made and love the feel of the material.  It is a casual dress, but could easily be dressed up a bit with proper accessories.  Quality is pretty good - better than expected for the price.  I know I will enjoy wearing it.


I'm so so in love with this dress. I had my doubts because I've never purchased clothes online and already have a hard time shopping as it is. I'm 5'1 about 125ish. The top is black and the bottom is blue, was a bit thrownoff at first but when I out it on, it looked great!! I order the small, and it's perfect. So comfortable! Hits just at my knees. I love it.


I am wearing this dress right now as we speak. With the Florida weather warming up, I decided to buy some new dresses that would be good to wear for work. I got the magenta color and it is so pretty! I have already received several compliments from my coworkers. I am typically a size small with a D size cup. I ordered the small and it fits very well and is very comfortable. In the picture, it looks like it has a V-neck, but it's actually 2 separate layers, one crosses over the other, so it gives pretty and modest cleavage. Only downfall is that the picture shows the dress is very pleated. Mine doesn't quite have such a pleated look to it. Either way, this is still a very pretty dress for a good price.


