I bought this dress for my mom.This dress is so flattering. It's stretchy and so soft. The v-neck is also pretty and modest enough to wear at work. My mom like this color and the flowers are pretty.It's really nice pretty. She like this dress very much.And the size for her just well.


Fits perfectly.


I purchased a small, I am 5ft 4" and 123lbs.


I purchased 2dresses one in purple and one in burgundy.


The material is nice and soft.


They were both creased so I sprayed them lightly with water and hung them out to dry and the majority of the creases came out.


I bought this in both L and XL. I must say I love it when the smaller size is the right size. I wore this to my clinic's open house and received many compliments. It is darling, well made, and flattered my top heavy figure. I also loved the color.


I love this dress! I am busty and 5'10" and worry a lot about wrap dresses looking inappropriate for work. Th neckline comes up high enough and is long enough for work (just above the knee) and casual wear. Very flattering, perfect easy go-to dress. Material is thick and opaque.


5'10, 215 lbs, usually wear 14-16 and got as XL


I absolutely love this dress. I normally wear a Large, size 14-16,I weigh 160 and am 5' 8", bust size 40 D, small waist,  but ordered an XX-large and it fit perfectly! The stretchyness gives me an hourglass figure but doesn't look baudy or stretched too tight. I bought this dress in 3 colors and have been wearing them all summer as they are so comfortable and flattering!


I had been watching this dress for months and when it recently was marked down, I ordered it.  I was very disappointed at the fabric (it was very wrinkled and not a great quality), and not at all impressed at the fit.  It's being returned.


I had some problems initially with the first dress sent to me, but customer service has exceeded my expectations. The dress fits beautifully and I get complimented on it every time I wear it.


Not my favorite dress but will wear it. Fabric is not too clingy, and it thicker than most knits I've seen lately.


I absolutely love this dress. I'm a nursing mom of 2, and this dress provided easy access for the babies to eat, while still having the option of adequate adjustable modesty thanks to the cut of the bust and skirt length. I ordered 3 dresses, all arrived with colors that were true to online product pictures. Material is good quality, not thin or sheer, and a jersey knot with just enough give. I'm 5'9 195 lbs and ordered XXL. For was great, although I won't be putting these in the dryer. The dress comes perfectly to my knees, which is hard to find for taller ladies. I definitely plan on ordering the rest of the colors as well as the long sleeve versions. Worth every penny.


I love it! The material feels like good quality stretchy, not that super thin material that gets destroyed within the first year of owning it. I find it very comfortable, and I'm very happy with that it does for my figure, emphasizing my curves. I'm 5' 6", 132 pounds, 34A, and a small fit me perfectly.


