I went by the size chart and ordered an XL. I should have followed the reviews and ordered a large. I'm returning the XL and have ordered the L - but I lost the fantastic sales price. (I'll update review when I get the new order) It's a basic dress but hoping when the  new size comes in I can dress it up w/jewelry and heels for a nice date night dress


Oh, My Goodness This Fitted Me Great!! And I Got So Many Comments About Where I Got From & I Said Amazon! I Am 5'5 And The Dress Comes Down To My Knees! And I LOVE It! I Wore This To A Friend`s Wedding & I Was So Comfortable!! I Also Wore A White Lace Cover-Up Over The Shoulders, & It Looked Very Nice & Pretty!! I Would Highly Recommend This Dress To All My Lady Friends & Family!!


I love this dress. I wear a 12/14 dress and ordered the large. I’m 5’6 175 lb and wear a 38DDD bra. I’m long waisted. My figure is an hour glass. Many dresses in this style gap or the wrap is too high and hits across the chest, not below as it should. This dress is perfect. You can’t beat it for the price and quality. I may buy another in a different color.


This was somewhat large upon arrival (running it through the washer and dryer slightly shrunk it though) and it does run a bit longer on the woman than I had expected but it is an excellent addition to the closet and is a very beautiful dress! It will shrink slightly after the first run through the laundry so be aware of that... Good price for the quality and material though!


this is a very comfortable dress that I can wear to the office. it is kind of big though. I wear and XS in all brands (size 0 to 00) and this is pretty loose.


but I can still wear the dress (though I feel a little like I am wearing PJ) to work.  coverage is moderate.


Comfortable, flattering and provides nursing access. My friends loved it and went to buy their own! Don’t tell your friends unless you don’t mind wearing the same outfit! ;)


Did you ever wonder what happened to pretty?  I've been searching high & low for dresses for my teen daughter that are attractive and not sleazy. This dress is lovely and very flattering--my daughter gets loads of compliments every time she wears it.  I bought a size small--she is 5'6" and 108 pounds, in case that helps others gauge what size to order.  Anyway, I'll be ordering other colors!!!  (The burnt orange is fabulous.)


The dress is cute and arrived on time.  I’m 5’5 and found the length to fall around my kneecaps. I purchased the black dress and found it does a good job of hiding my problem area (aka the stomach). The dress does cling to your body on the upper portion of the dress so if you don’t like your tops like that you may want to go a size bigger, if possible. To remove the wrinkles that came while it was being shipped I just put the dress in the dryer for a few moment and it was fine.


I am 5'5" with an athletic build and larger chest (34D). I normally wear a size 4-6 dress. I ordered a medium and this fit great. It's very comfortable. Only downside is that the color blue isn't a vivid as the picture. I was expecting very bright and it's not.


I am 5'5, 170 and ordered a large which fits perfectly! (I carry my weight in my hips so would normally buy a medium for this type of dress but going up a size was perfect.)  I was looking for a work appropriate dress and I got one. It does not show cleavage but the ruching at the top can be changed which is nice. It snugs my waist tightly but comfortably and the A-shaped skirt is my favorite part. It ends at the knee and has a great sway to it when you walk. I'm ordering more now!


