This dress is okay-to-slightly-better-than-okay.  I think it's fine, but I don't think it's anything very special, and I can explain why:


1.  If you have any curves, the skirt bells out in a way that isn't the best for hips and thighs.  However, it *does* make your waist look small, if that's your top priority.


2.  The cap sleeves hit at an unflattering angle, in my opinion.  The angle of the diagonal slant emphasizes the widest part of your arm, unfortunately.


3.  The biggest problem is that the chest panel that crosses over beneath the top panel is cut in a way that the outside edge sits directly across your breast.  Since this is the type of stretchy fabric that shows every lump, you can really see that lower panel outlined under the top panel.  Unfortunately you cant arbitrarily decide to tuck that panel below your bustline, because that would change the neckline.  One side would be at the correct angle, and one side would be at the wrong angle, making the V-neck lopsided.


For reference, I'm a 5'6" average build female, with a 34D bust, and I take a US Women's Medium in everything---so I ordered an XL, and it's fine.  I probably could have been fine with an L in the waist and bust, but I feel like that would have caused more of a visual flare over the hips, and that's not a look I appreciate.  I think this is the type of dress that creates curves, rather than hides curves.  So it probably works best on someone with a very boyish figure.  I have curves, and I don't think it's particularly flattering except for the waistline. If you have a more straight up-and-down body type, this dress may work for you---and on the positive side, it's a comfortable fabric that doesn't wrinkle---so it'll travel well.


I'm tempted to round up to 4 stars, since I don't think the construction and materials are bad---but the weird placement of the lower bust panel, coupled with the personally unflattering look make it only a 3 star item to me.  However, I can see someone with less curves rating it much higher.


---Promotional sample provided for the purpose of candid review.---


I really love the dress. I really like the short sleeve on the top of the dress. It comes down over the cap but does not bind the arm up with bulk. Also I really like the length of the skirt. The skirt of the dress is a shorter length but long enough to still be modest. The skirt is very soft and flowy, which I love. The fabric is very stretchy but at the same time is a lightweight knit. I like the criss cross at the breast of the dress top. I feel like this could also be a good dress for  me to have Lauren during my maternity days but those are behind me. I received this product at a discount in exchange for a fair and honest product review.


Really happy with this dress. It fits great and looks super cute on. The material in durable yet soft and comfortable. All the stiching is tight and the construction is great.  I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review. I have received no instruction on writing this review and the opinions expressed our 100% mine. Thanks


This dress is made very well. Sewing is perfect. No  loose strings there. I purchased the size M. The top fits like it should, the bottom is a different story. It is sort of wide at the hips and not due to sizing but because I have hips but more due to disformed material. It just does not lay right, It does not flow right. (on me anyhow) I think maybe with a few more gentle washing cylces perhaps it will lay better. I recieved this item at a discounted rate for my honest review. This dress can be easily dressed up though or just worn alone. The material is almost like a pair of thick leggings. It is durable.


This dress is well made, but it does run slightly small. I have a large chest, so I bought a size larger than I normally wear. I purchased this dress in a XXL, but I usually wear a XL because I wear a size twelve to fourteen. This dress fits me more like an XL. The material acts like it has some spandex, so it has some stretch, but not a lot of stretch. I usually wear a thirty to thirty-two inseam and this dress hits me about mid thigh. I ordered this dress in black and it is a true black color. I received this item at a discount in exchange for my unbiased review.


I have purchased this for my wife and I will relay the review to Amazon.


The dress is extremely nice looking for something with just a solid color. The material used does not feel cheap either. This is unfortunately something that you see happen a lot to nice looking clothing for a cheap price. However, this one defies the others and gives you a great quality dress and fits just as expected.


The dress came inside of a plastic packaging and didn't show any signs of damage. There were no rips / scratches / marks / dirt so it's good knowing this was fully new.


My wife is about 5'6" and 100 lbs and fit into the dress alright but it still was a bit loose. However, Medium was the smallest they had so this was pretty much expected. It isn't bad looking though even on her body type. This is still something that she will use and is quite satisfied with. It can pretty much be used for a nice special occasion or just going out leisurely.


** I have received this product for free or at a discount for my honest and unbiased review. At IAMN Products, we believe in giving you honest and reliable reviews so that we can be true to you! **


Wow, this dress is simply perfect! I didn't expect it to be this gorgeous, because at first sight it looks a little plain. But as soon as I put it on I found this to be one of the best dresses I have owned.


It's flowy, it's sexy, it's very flattering to almost any shape and it feels absolutely amazing.


With the right accessories this dress is easily customizable to every occasion. I will buy other colors as well.


I received this at a discount (not free!) in exchange for an honest review. I couldn't be more delighted to have had the opportunity to try this.


I ordered a different item and this is the one that was shipped to me.  I actually am in love with it and am not going to bother trying to get the one I ordered.  I have a very weird body: big butt, big belly, small chest, short legs.  So it is very difficult to to find a dress that looks good in the front and back on me with a length that is flattering.  I also have a problem with these cross over type tops because they usually hang on me or open and show my goods to the world.  However, this dress fits beautifully.  Lays on my butt nicely, stays closed on top, and hugs in all the right places so my baby bump sized belly doesn't look accentuated (which is good in my case since I'm not pregnant).  I have already added the six other colors to my shopping cart so that on payday I can order every single one of them.  They are nice with heels, sandals, boots, etc.  Great all around dressing up to lounging around dress.  Nice enough to make you feel like a woman and comfy enough to make you feel like you tried to get out of your yoga pants!  I'm in love!


This is a beautiful and flattering dress. Maybe too fancy for my workplace, but maybe not. Where I live jeans and a collared shirt seem to count as fancy... It falls just below my knee, which is perfect and the waist gathering is very flattering. It's light and twirly and adorbs. I got a large, and I'm 5'8" and 175lbs.


This dress is so beautiful.


The fabric is light weight and very comfortable.


I love the way it feels on my skin and the color is so bright and vibrant.


This makes a great casual dress in the summer and is so pretty that it even makes for a great dress for a night out on the town.


Absolutely love it.


Its so comfortable you could wear it all day long.


I absolutely recommend this dress to everyone looking for something lightweight and fun to wear.


