Great summer dress, lightweight and looks great.  I only expect that it will last for one season, but so far it has held up well.  Wash on the delicate cycle and I hung it up on a padded hanger with no issues.  I am 5'5, 120 pounds and the small fits me well (not too tight or too loose).


Nice customer service. But the dress was too big and too short on me.


LOVeeeeeee.....very nice for a bigger bust....do not wear it across your chest...pull it down and it looks so much better.  Not short either and I'm 5'8, 14-16 size with 38D bust.


To me this dress does not run small but fits as expected .  The top fit me great and I am long waisted - on many dresses the waist is above my natural waist.  This dress I think could be adjusted to fit a short waisted person as well.  The top was very flattering but I did not like the cut of the skirt or the way it fell - it kind of belled out and made me look bottom heavy,  plus it fell above my knees and I prefer at least knee length, preferably just below the knee.  Too bad, maybe they should offer the dress in regular and long versions.  Although the dress was very comfortable I am sending it back because of the shape and shortness of the skirt.  If you look at some of the reviewers photos I think you will see what I mean.


The waist is shorter than I would like, but I am quite tall so it might fit others. Nice dress and I've worn it several times, but not perfect


Cute for casual events. Figure flattering but thin material. I’d recommended going down a size because it’s very stretchy.


Great dress! Fits great, thick material so not at all see-through. Good stretch, not too low cut in the chest. I'm 5'8" and a M comes right above my knees. I would absolutely buy this again


Light weight material but nice. The fit seems to be true to size. Color of purple true color. delivered a day early.


I bought this for myself cause I got the same style for my granddaughter. She looked beautiful in hers, so I figured it would look good on me. Thanks for having it available!!!


I like the dress, but was planning to modify it for a costume and didn't feel like the fabric was perfect for what I was going for.


