This dress is simply beautiful.  It is so comfortable and soft.  I usually wear a 1X, but I ordered a 2X because other reviews suggested that it runs a bit small.  It fits perfectly.  So that means it does run a bit small.  I felt it had a slimming effect to it, which was fantastic for me.  Even my husband, who never gives me compliments said that it made me look slimmer.  Wow, that is something!  I just really love the look and the feel of this dress.  I think I may order it in other colors.  It has a bit of a retro look to it.  I love that it covers the chest.  I am not one in favor of showing cleavage.  This dress is modest and decent.  I can wear it with a wrap or a scarf.  There are many ways to dress it up.  I just can't get over how comfortable it is.  I could wear this every day and be happy.  I don't even usually bother to get dressed if I am not leaving the house.  I wear sleep shirts all of the time.  This dress is as comfortable as a sleep shirt, only it looks very nice.  The best of both worlds.  Comfort and style.  I may add a picture later, when my hair is fixed.


I received this dress at a discounted price for my honest and unbiased review.


I love this dress! I rarely order clothes online because I like to try things on first. Well I can tell you that this dress fit me exactly how I expected if not better. I have had three big baby boys so I have a little bit of a mom belly that I like to camouflage. This dress does that very well. The fabric is sort of thick so it covers everything up that needs hiding. The top fits me great. Which is sometimes hard because I am a little small up there. I got the pink dress and the color pops. It is so pretty. When I tried it on my husband said wow that looks great on you. He wants me to wear it any chance I can get. It's a great summer dress. I received this product complimentary in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.


Flimsier thinner material,its okay, size down, I bought this for University because I'm not a huge fan of jeans, ill have to bring it by a tailor to take in.


Edit: I received excellent customer service with this item and so I have decided to update my scoring, I was contacted and sent another dress because of the issue with this one, in that regards, I say have no fear, if there is a genuine issue with the quality or make of the clothes they will work with you (the second dress was great)!


Edit: EXCELLENT customer service, 5 stars, I was contacted and sent another dress in replacement of this one! Absolutely fabulous customer service!!


I love cute clothes but as a mom, my wardrobe often takes back seat to my kids’. I loved the look of this dress on Amazon and decided to try it. I am not a slim woman so I love the cut and gathers that are very flattering.  When I first got the dress in the mail and opened the package I was a bit overwhelmed by the chemical smell on the clothes and the sticky feel on the fabric.  I don’t think I have ever purchased clothing that has that on it before.  However, I decided to be cool and wash in cold water as recommended and see what happened.  I followed the instructions let it air dry and the next day there was absolutely NO smell or tackiness to the clothes at all.  I wore the dress and got more compliments it felt awesome.


I live in North Carolina and we have been having a bit of a heat wave and it was about 100 degrees outside and I was wondering if I would over heat in this dress due to the synthetic nature of the fabric.  It was heavenly to wear.  The breeze flowed right through it and I was super comfortable.  The fabric itself stretches nicely so it conforms to your body shape  so you don’t get tight spots  where your body may be a bit different than the original designers model intended.  Also I love that this dress hit me at the knee. I don’t like wearing mini skirts it just doesn’t work on me anymore so it was nice to find a fashionable dress that had flowing length that didn’t threaten to blow up and expose my panties to all everytime the wind blew!  I did purchase this dress at a discount in exchange for an unbiased review I am in no way affiliated with this company nor am I in any way obligated to leave a positive review for this product. This is my 100% honest review of this dress.  I have since ordered it in another color (at full price) so that I can switch it up and wear it more often.


I don't normally take time to review my purchases here on Amazon, but this dress deserves all the praise I can give it!


I am 5'3, and about 135 pounds. I initially bought this item in gray, size M, for a travel dress. While the medium fit very well, it was slightly too long and a little loose in the shoulders (even after drying on high heat). However, it is still flattering and comfortable, so I think the fit of these dresses is very forgiving, flexible, and entirely up to individual preference.


I ordered two more, in black and cranberry, size small. I LOVE them! Since travel was my main purpose for buying them, I wanted lightweight, easily packable items that could be worn multiple times before washing. This dress did all of that and more, as I got compliments from strangers over and over. I was especially impressed with the drape of the fabric and how it moves with the body. It is also very breathable and can look either sporty or dressy, depending on how it is accessorized.


I am back here to order another color in time for school to start. This dress will be perfectly appropriate attire in the elementary school library where I work.


I got this dress for work. The magenta color is beautiful. I'm not a pink wearing person, but magenta looks good on me. I am 5'7.5 115lbs, and the small is kind of big (wide) and short on me. I figured there would be quite a bit of wiggle room on top, but the waist is also baggy. It's not super short, but I wouldn't mind it being 2-3 inches longer. That's how I feel about most garments though.. tall-ish people problems. Cute enough to wear to work.


I really love this Elegant V Neck Dress from Laksmi. It is my new go-to little black dress. The fabric is a little bit heavier than I had imagined but the dress is extremely breathable and very comfortable. It has quite a bit of stretch and feels high quality. The stitching seems durable and concise.


 I usually wear a medium dress but based on the size information in the product description I would have needed an XL… after much hemming and hawing I ended up ordering a large and it was a little bit big. I washed the dress in the clothes washer at a warm temp and put it in the dryer – that shrunk it just enough that it fits perfectly now! To use as reference, I am: 5’8”, wear 36B bra, and weigh about 135.


I would definitely not call this a “prom dress”. I would wear this to dinner at a fancy or casual restaurant, out for a night on the town, or even to a wedding! It hangs nicely and flows perfectly – I’m not going to lie… it is really fun to twirl in! Overall, this dress is well made and the design makes it extremely versatile. This Laksmi dress is going to get a lot of use!


This might one of the best dresses I have ever purchased in my entire life. I always have an issue with dresses fitting awkward in places, I have that annoying lower stomach area that's always a bit chubbier than the rest. Most dresses highlight this flaw rather than hide it. This dress however hides it perfectly. It flares out on the bottom so it's frilly feeling, and I LOVE it. I purchased the XXL, I normally am in XL but with online purchases I never feel too sure about sizing. This is very true to size as I do have extra 'wiggle' room.  I picked the blue color and it's a nice deep blue, matches the picture perfectly. I love the material of it, and could wear it all day without feeling uncomfortable or constrained. It is very well made, no random strings, no holes, no markings. A beautiful dress, could be worn for casual day to day events or for dress up occasions, very versatile. Love the fact this dress is in my wardrobe, and cannot wait to wear it again!


I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review, all thoughts are my own.


This is such an adorable and easy dress!  Machine wash in cold and hang to dry.  The fabric is soft and a great quality!  Can be dressed up with heels and accessories or just an easy dress for a day on the town with a pair of flip flops.  So cute I decided to order it in black too!


OMG I love this dress!  I ordered it to wear to church for Easter and it was perfect.  You can easily dress it up with a nice necklace. I love the A line cut and the circle skirt. It looks so retro. It is made out of a comfortable stretchy cotton material and is not at all see-through. And you can breastfeed in it!!! I bought this dress when I was 5 months post partum and I loved that I could breastfeed in it and it wasn't a maternity dress. I got so many compliments from people too. I'm currently wearing a size 12 or 14 and the size XL dress was perfect.


