Perfect fit. I'm 5'9" I ordered the large it comes right below my knees.


This dress is not sized according to US standards.  I wear a misses 16 in everything.  I checked the size chart and ordered a 2X (actually thinking it would be too large), but when I tried it on it was rather snug.  If you like a tight fit, this one is for you.


This is a nice and comfortable dress for the summer.  It is very casual and I really would not recommend this dress for a special occasion unless it is a very informal type of event. It does have some stretch and a little "give" to it, but it does run slightly smaller than described.


Love the dress! I always have a very hard time ordering clothing online as you have to be careful where it is made because sizing is such an issue. However, this dress is not only on the money fit wise, but it is very comfortable and the cost is great too! I already have another on order in a different color. It is a flattering fit for those who are "normal" size and not "model" thin...I highly recommend.


The dress is flattering and well made. The sizing was accurate for me. I got the light blue and the color is pretty and true to how it was pictured and what I wanted. I have washed it twice in cold water, gentle cycle and hung it to dry only putting it in the dryer when almost dry with other laundry so the heat would release any wrinkles. The fabric doesn't wrinkle much and this "dryer ironing" process as I call it, usually takes care of any there may be.


I got the dress in fall so I only got a chance to wear it twice, but on hot days it was wonderfully cool to wear and looked great !


I plan on buying more in other colors in spring especially if it stays at that price. I got this one for 16.99.


Updated review. I gave this dress another chance during the November/December south California warm weather and I’m upgrading my rate to 4 stars. It’s different from my usual style so it took a while to get used to it. The price quality ratio is really good, the dress is well made and the material good. It works for a stroll in the neighborhood.


This dress was so much better than I expected!  I'm 5'10, 170 lbs, 36A, and pear shaped.  I'm usually a M on top and a size 12 on the bottom.  I ordered the XL in this dress because I was afraid it would be really short and figured sizing up would give me some additional length.  However, the XL fits fine but is just a little baggy in the top so I'm going to exchange for a L.  The fabric has a nice thick weight and doesn't feel cheap at all.  The dress falls about an inch above my knee which I'm thrilled about!  Now I want one in every color!


Pretty dress, nice quality.  Lightweight enough for sticky, summer Florida weather.  Only problem for me is that is it sits a little to high above my natural waistline.  I am 5' 7' and 142 lbs.  Bought a large cuz I need room for my boobs in these knit dresses and that part fits perfect.


I ordered both a Medium and a Large. I am 5'3" and 145lbs with A+ breast, and the medium was really form-fitting. The material us stretchy, so the large was not baggy. I preferred the fit of the large and returned the medium. Love the way the front criss-crosses the breast - would accommodate both smaller chests like mine and larger chest sizes and look great for both.


I bought this as a new Summer / nice dress to wear, as well as the "nice" dress for the dress up evening on a cruise I'm going on. I'm going to kick it up with some shoes and jewelry. It's basic but perfect for Summer. Like the new "little black dress", lots of colors to choose from.


