Too short in the top half, waistline 4" too high for me, and the bustline isn't so good for smaller cup sizes.


Love this dress!  Dress it up or down. Fits as expected and got lots of compliments.  I'm going to buy more colors. Looks great with a skinny belt.


***Edited to add*** I am thrilled with the level of customer service I received when returning this dress. I opted to choose a different dress to replace this with and I'm pleased with what I received. The dress was 1 star but the customer service is 5 stars!!!


When I received this dress I was pleased with the fit (for reference, I'm 5'2", 160, 38D and ordered a large). However, I was disappointed to see that it had a hole in the fabric as well as a hole along one of the seams. The material itself was all wrinkled when it arrived which leads me to believe that it would be a lot of work to keep it wrinkle free and looking respectable. Long story short, I'm sending this back.


Need a good travel dress and read many reviews.  Sizing for this item appears to be all over the place, but based on reviews, I ordered my normal size medium.  Even though I wear medium from US manufacturers, this Laksmi dress is way to tight, too short-waisted, and hemline is too short.  It also has a very strong dye smell.  If I were keeping it I would definitely wash it before wearing, but this tiny smelly dress is going back.  Style is cute, color is lovely, which is why it gets 2 stars instead of 1 star.


I’ve been looking for a simple black dress to wear to formal events and this dress is PERFECT. It’s comfortable yet flattering, elegant, and it can be dressed up or down.


 I’m 5’5 size 18 and I ordered the XL. Personally the dress was a liiittle longer than I’d normally like (it sits right at my knees) but I don’t hate it, I think it makes it a little more modest which is nice considering the top can be a bit revealing if you have a bigger chest like me (38DDD).


I also have trouble finding dresses that fit both my waist AND chest because I’m curvy but this dress gives me a WONDERFUL shape and I have yet to see any other reviewers that don’t look awesome in it!


So I  DEFINITELY recommend this dress to both curvy and thin girls, I think it’s a universally flattering style and it’s so comfy!!!


Just what I wanted! Nursing friendly, flattering in the right places. I'm 5'6" 160 nursing mom. I can dress this up any which way with accessories and it's stretchy, affordable and comfortable! Win win, great buy. Buying more colors!


I bought this dress to travel with and it is perfect. It has a flattering fit - I'm 5'7", 140 lbs (with a middle-age belly) and it fits beautifully without showing my food sins. It can be dressed down or up and packs well. I hope it holds up well because it will be getting a LOT of wear.


This dress is much longer than expected. The skirt is quite full. It wasn't right for the occasion I needed a dress for, so I returned it. It has a modest neckline and the bust runs big.


These are NOT 95% cotton with 5% spandex but 95% Rayon with 5% spandex. Therefore, unwearable as I am allergic to synthetics. Very disappointed as it would be a nice summer dress, even though the "V" neckline is too high (could be pulled down). Amazon needs to correct this and I will note this in the "corrections" area by the descriptions. Sending back.


UPDATE: Note from manufacturer: the fabric was mistakenly marked synthetic, when it is in fact cotton. They sent me a 50% off coupon and I re-ordered one dress to see how it worked out. So far, so good. Upped by one star.


I absolutely love how this dress fits.  I ordered the large and it fit perfect.  I have a hard time finding dresses that fit the way I like so I was thrilled when I tried it on and loved it!  It falls at my knees which is perfect and the wrap top is not too low. It seems well made for the price and material is thicker than I expected. I have washed and dried it once and I don't see any fraying seams.  Washing instructions say cold water and do not tumble dry but my cats will not allow me to air dry anything so I dried it on very low heat and it did fine.  I loved this dress so much I ordered another one in a different color. I am 5'4" and my measurements are 39-31-40


