Attention breastfeeding moms: this is a great nursing dress. It is flattering and fits well.


This dress did not disappoint !! It fits perfectly and is SO versatile.


The fabric is a good quality and the cut is super cute.


I am 5'7" 130 lbs. I bought a Med and it fits me great:)


Great dress for the price. Very flattering for any shaped girl. Easily dressed up or down for any occasion.


I ordered the wine color dress. The color does not look as good as the picture and kind of dull. The material is not quite right for this kind of cut. I order the sm size. I'm 5'1'', 125 lb. The dress is a bit loose but ok.


This dress was good quality, thicker material than expected.  Runs a little large IMO for this style, but it isn't baggy, just less fitted.


This is a very flattering dress for someone who is curvy (like me). You do need to wear spanx under this dress because the material of the dress will definitely show an underwear outline. I like that it is knee length. It is also super comfortable! I ordered a large and at 5'7, 185 lbs, it fits and flatters me very well. The red is a gorgeous color. I wore it for a vacation when we ate a fancier restaurant and for Christmas. I received lots of compliments. I unfortunately have not had another event to wear it too yet. I feel like it is very appropriate for fall and winter, but it would look weird to wear in spring or summer.


This dress is perfect! I love the fit and comfort. I can wear it when I want to be a bit dressy or just around the house. Watch out for windy days though, it is rather flowy!


I could fit a small corgi in the upper part of the dress and i've got a nice bust, for real.  This dress made me look like what "middle aged" women in movies from the movies of the 1920's til the 1970s often were tricked out in - saggy and baggy. I was very disappointed but too sick of returning stuff bought on amazon to return this. Really, I gave up on buying jewelry on amazon and i think dresses will be next,


Wore this to work, and got a lot of compliments. I'm a fairly large girl (5'2 215, 40D bust) and it complimented my figure! Definitely going to buy it in other colors!


Love this dress! It fits perfect, looks good, and is very sliming. I bought two more in 2 different colors.


