I normally cannot pull off wrap/faux wrap dreses due to being pear shaped but this one works! It is NOT low cut like many other wrap styles. I am 5'5" and the length came right above the knee- perfect. Nice fit, hid tummy area and very flattering. I'll order more for next summer.


Beautiful dress, color as expected. I bought two, one in xl and xxl. I usually wear large or xl in dresses made in this fabric because I am naturally busty ( 38G)  my waist is considerably smaller than my bust and hips so I usually get dresses tailored to fit me in the middle better.


This dress ( minus the tailoring) is perfect for me. Will repurchase.


Purchased an Xl after looking at photos and reviews.  I'm normally a size 10 sometimes a 12.  Giving it 3 stars because the skirt portion is not black it's more of a blue.  It looks kind of odd.  If the skirt was the black floral pattern I would have given it 5 stars.  Overpriced for the quality


Love this dress a little thicker material than I was expecting but it's nice I ordered a medium I'm 5'10 160lbs just had a baby 6 weeks ago so this will be perfect for nursing. It fit kind of snug but I've got baby weight to lose. If this was my normal size I would have definitely went with a large.


This is a cute dress but I wouldn't say it is my favorite. It flows well and fits well. The fabric isn't as soft as I thought it would be though. I am 5'6'' and 165lbs. I ordered a Med but probably should have gotten a Large. It hits me just above the knees and does show a little back fat.


Great material and a nice dress. Take your measurements carefully! I ordered an L, as I was at the lower end of those measurements, according to the given size chart (my bust is 38 and my waist is 30). It fit, but I wanted it to be more snug, form fitting. I gave the L to my sister and purchased an M and it fits just fine, even though I am "over" the given measurements for an M.


Outstanding fabric and design. Ordered Medium, I’m 5’-4” with DD chest and athletic build. Also ordered the sky blue at the same time and it’s a perfect color, not cheesy and will look epic with a tan. Just ordered the dark gray and hope it’s exactly as the two I already have!!


Fabric and stitching are fine, looks to be made well enough, it was a bit big though. It comes down past my knees as expected, but it also covered so much of my chest, I'm talking a neck line nearly t shirt height. I probably should have gone a size smaller, but I still think the neckline would be too high it's just the design. I like wrap dresses because they usually show cleavage but this could not deliver that. If you are well endowed or looking to be very modest this dress would be great for you.


I'm quite pear shaped (size 12-14 from the waist up, 18-20  from the waist down), so as a precaution I ordered a larger size (2x). Much to my surprise and pleasure, the dress was an absolute perfect fit. The weight of the material is good for the price, so I ordered 4 more colors. One tip, use care when washing the garment.


The fabric has a nice weight to it and the dress is very comfortable. I felt it looked alright enough but then was surprised by the number of compliments I received and/or people asking where I had gotten it. I think I'll purchase an additional dress in another color.


