Absolutely love this dress and you can't beat the price. Very comfortable and definitely flattering. I am 5'2" and 135 lbs. and got a Medium. I have a muscular build. It is a little roomy around the fitted area but I won't exchange because I'm not sure how much it will shrink when washed. Love it!


I love this dress!  Fit's great!  It falls to about my knee (I'm 5"6') so you can wear it on its own, or with leggings underneath (as I usually do).


The color is nice and vibrant.  The fabric is a nice weight - it is not flimsy and it does not feel cheaply made.


It fit ok but the material was basically like a t-shirt. If I would have known that I wouldn't have purchased it. The description given was cotton and rayon. It was tshirt material. It fit though. I'm 5'4" and I weigh 132 lbs. I ordered a small and it fit well


I've worn this dress a few times. I am 5'4 and 130 lbs, with measurements of bust at 35" and 29" waist, and I got a medium. It is very stretchy and looks great. I wore it for a work orientation for Disney, (who has high expectations for their orientation dress) and it was modest and worked fine. It fits comfortably and is a great color! I can't wait to bring it out again for the warmer weather! I probably could have gotten a small and it would have fit perfectly as well.


Cute, comfortable easy to wear dress. Nice stretchy fabric.


Soft, comfortable, and well made.  This dress is cute and professional.  I'm very pleased with my purchase.


I love the fit. It was flattering. Not too tight and not too loose. It was also not a hot material, perfect for our Caribbean Cruise and for the airplane rides. Very comfortable. And the color was a very nice shade.


This dress fit better than I expected! I am 5'8" and 125lbs so I got a medium and it goes to my knee. The top fits great in the bust (I'm a 34C), I love the cap sleeves and the waist is slimming. The cotton spandex material is not clingy but perfectly stretchy and a good quality thickness. I have not washed it yet, but I will most likely air dry it so it doesn't shrink! It can be casual or dressy. Overall, I am very pleased with this fun swing dress!!


This is Mike's wife.  This dress is absolutely amazing!  It's fitted around the chest and ribcage and then flares out to hide my mom tummy.  I haven't felt this pretty in a dress in a long while.  It flows and as far as I can tell, it doesn't wrinkle, so it's perfect for traveling.  All I need to do is get some shapewear for my stomach, and you'd never be able to tell that I even have one.  I'm planning on getting one in almost every color.  <3


This is one of the most comfortable dresses I own - I love it.  It's a tad big but it's lovely. Great all-occasion dress.


