Great quality and so comfortable! I am an attorney and I feel like this is nice enough for court, but still comfortable to wear at home. I am 5'3" and 160 lbs. I ordered a large and it fit perfectly.


a good casual dress. I'm 5'2", 130, 36B, and the Medium fits just right after a cold wash and warm run through the dryer.


Love and got amazing compliments


Love this dress. I am 5'5", 140 lbs, busty and muscular.  I ordered a medium and it is perfect.


 Very comfortable and flattering.  I was expecting the fabric to be thin but it is just sturdy enough to hang nicely and doesn't cling or show underwear lines.  The neckline and stretch of the fabric also works well for breastfeeding!  I would buy more in different colors, works for casual or formal events!


Originally order a L as that's my standard size and while the dress did fit it was very tight in the bodice and I was worried about after washing how it would fit. So sent it back (free return!) and got an XL instead. Its perfect! I'm so happy with this dress!


I'm 5"4, 180, 36G, and the XL is perfect


My measurements are 39"/ 36" / 47", I am DD and 5'8". I got the medium and it fits perfectly (Pictures attached). The best part is that this dress actually comes to my knee! Any taller lady knows an actual knee length dress can be difficult to find, so I will be purchasing more of these for my work wardrobe. The material is a thick t-shirt fabric, but the cut is elegant, so the dress is appropriate for both work and casual - plus it is extremely comfortable and has a little bit of stretch.


The only negative: in my picture I am wearing leggings (it is still very cold out). These leggings are the typical fabric, not smooth are slippery. When I walk the dress is sticking to the leggings and the skirt is bunching in the front. I am going to have to either wear a slip in between or hold off until it warms up a bit.


This dress is awesome. I ordered the XXL (I normally wear an 18) and it fit very well. I am 5'1" and it falls a little below my knees. The faux-wrap bodice is very flattering. It is comfortable and cool in hot weather. I first ordered it in royal blue. After it arrived and tried it on, I immediately ordered it in two other colors. I wish there was a version with long sleeves!


Very cute dress and nice color. I think the length is  perfect for work yet it's still fashionable!


I'm 5'5" 150lbs 34B 30" waist and 40" hips and the Medium is perfect. Belt was just for fun, it looks great without one. Length hits EXACTLY at my knees!! It's perfect. Nice stretch, but not thin, see-through material. I'm tempted to get one in every color.


I ordered this dress in blue.  It looked exactly as pictured. I ordered it in the medium which was the smallest size I could get.  I am a size 4 in pants. I am 5'4" and weigh 120 pounds.  It has quite a flare to it.  The material is nice not to thick or thin. Stitching is good throught the dress.  It is comfortable to wear. I tried it on and took pictures immediately after receiving it. If it came in a size small It would have been better for me. I wear a size 36B Bra ,have a 27" waist and 37 " hips. I tend to like things snug around my waist and this dress in a medium was not snug enough for me. Overall it is nice and I think it would be nice to wear out with heels or flats. You can dress it up or down depending on the day/evening. Overall I am very happy with this dress .  I am going to try it with an Obi belt which is a wide belt across the waist to accentuate that part of my body.


Disclaimer:  I received this dress at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.


