I cannot believe how perfect this dress is. I try to have no expectations when ordering clothing online, so that no matter which way an item goes, it is always ok. Well, this little dress completely exceeded all my expectations!


It is a medium weight, smooth, stretchy cotton and it fits in an extremely flattering way. It looks good with a belt and without. It is comfortable and airy, but thick enough that you cannot see through it, or feel like it might blow over your head. Another plus to this fabric is that it should easily be worn in spring or fall, with tights and a cardigan.


 I did not expect to be happy with the sleeves, but they look great. I really love everything about this dress. It is simple, casual, but can be easily dressed up with different shoes and accessories. This would be a great dress for wearing around the house, then running out to lunch or dinner without even worrying about it. The skirt is full, but not overly so; it falls very nicely. The neckline is great because it is not too revealing, but due to the shirring, and the surplice overlap, it gives the appearance of an elegant chest, without baring too much actual skin. I am 5'2" and normally wear anything between a 12-16 (depending on the fabric, style, etc.) and I read the other reviews so I went with the size that made the most sense, the 2X. It fits great, but due to the fabric and my own propensity to tighter clothing, I could have sized down without a problem. Let's just say that if this accidentally goes in the dryer, I won't cry. I am seriously considering buying this dress in other colors, but black is my comfort zone, so I might just buy a second black one as a back up. I plan on wearing this all the time.


I received this dress at a discount in exchange for my unbiased and honest review.


Great dress for the office or semi-casual weekend events! I am large-chested (36DDD), and this dress offers enough coverage that I don't have to wear a tank top underneath. I loved it so much I bought it in black, and then in the wine/maroon color, which is a lovely deep color. I wash in cold water and line dry, and it comes out wrinkle-free.


I've ordered this dress in 4 different colors, it's so good. The cut is classic and flattering (knee length, cap sleeve, V-neck, ruched top--all of which look good on almost anyone). The fabric is light enough for summer but thick enough that I don't need to wear extra undergarments. I am 5'7 and 187 lbs, and ordered XL, which fits perfectly. You can arrange the top in two different ways. One is a little sexier with a lower neckline. I am a teacher in San Diego. I wear this dress to the beach, to dinner, and to work.


I absolutely love this retro little black dress! I am hesitant about buying clothes, especially online without trying them on, however this dress is perfect and fits very true to size. The fabric the dress is made with is exceptionally comfortable and literally makes you forget you are actually wearing a dress! It is made of cotton and spandex. The way this dress fits and the way it is designed gives such an alluring appearance to your figure; I really feel pretty while wearing this dress and receiving high praise from my fiancee surely made me feel sexy! I highly recommend purchasing this dress, it is so comfortable yet makes you feel very pretty. My only caution would be to dry it out on a clothesline or air dry it however you can since it is 95% cotton and it may shrink if you try and put it in the clothes dryer. I received this product at a discount  in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.


Great quality. Pretty color! Finally a dress that fits!!!!.... but the criss cross in the front falls in a weird place on me.  I am 5'6, approx 200lbs, and 36H.  I bought at 2xl. With a large chest, the criss cross on top just doesn't look right on me. It falls in an awkward place.  Unfortunately, I had to return this dress.  I bought 3 dresses from this maker and they were all great quality, pretty colors, and had a nice cut. I am a bigger woman though so they were all too short or in this case an unflattering cut on the top.  Disappointed, but such is the life of a larger sized woman trying to find clothes that fit!


I purchased this dress for my wife and she just loves it. She normally requires a size large, and the large I ordered fit her perfectly...if a tiny bit big. It's mostly cotton, so I'm hoping for a bit of shrinkage in the wash.


The dress seems to be of quite high quality. The stitching looks really good, and the fabric is soft, and a tad stretchy. She's been doing some community event stuff lately and has been wanting some clothing that's casual, but looks elegant...and I think this fits the bill. She says it's super comfy, and I think it looks amazing. She's absolutely in love with the shirred V-neck. I love ordering stuff for her, because she apparently doesn't think I can manage picking out women's clothes. I think I do a pretty reasonable job. :P


I received this item at a discount in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.


Speaking of retro party this is definitely the best outfit to wear on that occasion. The dress is great, the material use is high quality, it is stretchable, thick and durable.


There are several colors to choose to, I got mine in color wine and it's awesome of you pair it with red pumps. The only suggestion I have for the seller is to give as an option to get size small. I mean I got size medium and it's doable but it would be best to get size small because there are tons of customer who wear small so the market will be more likely to increase.


Anyway it's still great, you can tell by the look of the dress that it is good quality. I recieved this item at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion. The delivery is prompt and I have great experience.


I am short and have gained 30 lbs in the last few years so finding a dress that I see as flattering is VERY difficult.  The cut of this dress is very flattering and the fabric stretches just enough that you can wear it for an extended period of time without getting uncomfortable.  It comes to just at my knees.


Just arrived today and fits beautifully. I ordered a small, I am 5' 6", 126 lbs. Material not too thin not too thick. I gift purple and its not see through. I am small in the upper region so the wrap portion was a concern but it is only a tad bit loose for my liking byt fits awesome compared to all other wrap tops I have tried.


Buy it, and then buy it in all colors! This is a great little dress! I am 5'2 and 160 hourglass with a large bust. This dress is perfection! the neckline is flattering without being too low. The fabric isn't clingy and is cut to disguise and flatter without crossing into frump territory. Love it ! P.S. very nursing friendly !


