I love this dress for so many reasons!  It is made of a high quality knit fabric that is soft and comfortable and retains its shape well.  The flared skirt is flattering to my postpartum belly.  The crossover point on the bodice is higher than on most crossover bodice dresses which means I don't have to wear a tank top to fill in a gap, so it is cooler, in the summer heat.  It is the easiest piece of clothing I have for nursing.  I can pull the neckline down, nurse the baby and put it back up and the fabric doesn't get stretched out and look funny like a lot of other cheaper knit things I would like to pull the neckline down on.  It is versatile.  You could dress it up with heels and jewelry, or wear it more casually with flats.  And it is super cute!  It's quickly becoming a favorite dress.  My one caution when ordering it is to beware of the size chart given.  I usually wear a size medium or small.  According to the measurements on the chart I would have been large or extra large.  I chose to get a medium and it fits my 38 1/2 inch bust perfectly.


I was given a discount on this product in exchange for an honest review.


Many reviews said to size down, but thankfully I stayed with my normal size.  It is fitted and I could have safely gone up a size.  It looks super cute and I am excited to wear it on an upcoming vacation.  The blue is beautiful!


I purchased this in black and as it was so flattering I also purchased it in wine also.  I get lots of compliments when I wear both, I wear them in a business casual work place.  The dress is easily dressed up with accessories and a nice cardigan/jacket.


I’m 5’6 & 1/2 and fluctuate between 153-163 lbs. & purchased a size Large.


I’ve just bought the same style dress with long sleeves by the same manufacturer as I liked these two so much.


My daughter is busty and wears an extra large. It is so flattering on her hippy frame. It's simple in design. It's just what she needed for band. Solid black, not boring but not inappropriate for professional functions. I received this product at a discount for my honest review


Overall I like this dress. It arrived rather wrinkled, but once I ironed it, it looks great. The fits seems accurate and the dress itself seems well sewn.


I got this dress for a funeral. I wanted something simple but nice and this dress was absolutely perfect. I wear a size four in dresses and got a small. I would say if you're a size 6 that you should also go with small.


I'm 5'3" 32DD, 150 lbs (or so) short waisted with a hourglass verging on pear shape. I ordered the grey in medium and the orange in large. While both fit I'm keeping the medium and returning the large because the waist hit me slightly higher in the medium and offered slightly better/more flattering camouflage of tummy. The orange was cute and I'll probably get it in the medium as well.


I ordered this dress because I was looking for more clothes for work. I work in an office setting and have a certain dress code. This dress looks just like it does in the picture. It is a great color. The fabric is nice and durable. It is not itchy or heavy. It did fit a little big but that did not bug me at all. It is a great dress for the price. I would recommend purchasing this dress! I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest opinion.


I'm 5'8"and about 175 with a long torso, (size 12 maybe) I bought a large, and it fits perfectly and is adorable. Will buy again in another color!  Love it!


Bought a large and a small for my daughter and I - We're both 5'8''; 160 lbs & 135 lbs.  The dresses fit both of us exceptionally well! We are both very please with the fit, the color and the length (just at or below the knee). Definitely keepers!  I may even be buying some in other colors!!


