I am 5'4" 135 and I bought a medium.  Fits like a dream.  Get complements all the time.  Great for nursing.  Love the modest neckline....I am never going to "fall out" of this dress.  Will be buying more.


Shocked at the quality of this dress.  I was not expecting much.  The fabric is actually kind of nice...sort of slinky and drapey.  The color is nice and the fit is nice....I ordered 1-2 sizes up.


I was nervous about ordering online as you never know what you will get and never know how it will fit. I was so pleasantly surprised by this dress! Good quality, comfortable and forgiving material. Extremely comfortable to wear and looks very nice. I don't have much of a waist and the floral bottom really gives me one. Love how I feel in it and love how it looks. I typically wear a medium but am a little larger on top and the medium fit me just fine. 5'3 and comes just about to the knee.


Easy for a party or casual dinner out, or can add a jacket and wear to see clients at work. I will be ordering two more in different colors for sure!


I needed a comfortable purple dress for a luncheon in hot Las Vegas.  This filled the bill.  The price was right and it looked good on me.  Actually, I liked the style.  The fabric feels like a Saturday work day tee shirt, but it sufficed for my purpose.  I loved that I could fold it in up in my suitcase. It works if you need something quick, cheap and in the right color.  I probably won't wear again until I need a cotton purple dress for a special occasion that calls for it.


Not the material I was expecting but still flattering, since wrap dresses are universally beautiful on anyone. Plenty of stretch to the material and you can adjust the wrap part to hide/reveal more bust based on preference! I’m typically a size 12 with 42” bust, 36” waist, 42” hips and the large was a good fit.


Please, work on keeping the fabric well kept, to avoid wrinkles. The dress is perfect, just sad when I found I had to iron immediately for wear. Women do not buy pre wrinkled clothing! If the dress were velvet and wrinkled material it could be pulled off for immediate wear, but it has more of cotton consistency, please please avoid packaging wrinkled clothes! I don't think most have an iron anymore, thankfully I do.


I get compliments every time I wear this dress. Easily pairs with a denim jacket, blazer, cardigans, or as is. The only way it would be better would be if it also had pockets (and 3 inches of extra length. The length is acceptable. But I’m 5’10” and order my dresses to be a *little* bit longer)


I didn't expect much for the price.  I was prepared to have to layer with a cami or something if needed.  It is BEAUTIFUL an quite a steal for the price.  Very flattering and forgiving.  It has a lot of give and ability to move up top so you get a lot of versatility in the cut.


I highly recommend not getting this if you are plus size or have large breasts.  The cross fabric design is kind awkward are larger figures.  Looks better on thinner or athletic builds.


This dress for as expected.  It is extremely comfortable and forgiving.  I really like doing housework in it.  Maybe a little Donna Reedish, but it makes me feel better while I'm busting my butt around the house.  And it is nice enough to throw on some heals and jewelry and head to happy hour as well.


