Bought a second color! Washes and wears beautifully. I wear a size 10 at 5'3" 145 lbs and bought an XL.


Fit as expected I ordered medium 5’4” 125lbs. Nice fabric and flattering.  I would buy again .


I absolutely love this dress. I'm 5' 10' tall, 178 pounds, bought the XL and it fits perfectly. The material is thicker than expected, which is great, it's not cheap, thin, see-through garbage. The length hits right in the middle of my knee cap while standing. Love it, love it, love it! I want to buy every color and wear them to work every day. You can dress it up or down. Again, can't say enough good things about this dress. Buy 1 today. Heck, buy 3, you won't be disappointed.


Very lovely summer dress. Fits perfectly. It can be worn casually or with pearls for an evening out, or great for church.


Gorgeous and flattering dress. I'd love it if the manufacturer would make it in other color, like hunter green, chocolate brown and navy blue. Fits to size.


This is a very simple and flattering dress. As a short woman, it's hard to find dresses that hit my true waist, but this one does. The draping on the front looks odd on a hanger but perfect on your body. Easy to steam, easy to pack, easy to dress up or down, easy to layer for lots of seasons, just easy!


Looks great, feels great just order a size up. I ordered xl then ordered 2x in other colors 2x fit's perfect.


Love this dress. Extremely comfortable and it's super flattering. Very easy to dress up or down. I am 5' 3" 175 lbs and purchased a large, which was a perfect fit. I will purchasing a couple other colors.


I ordered this for my mom for her birthday I tried it on it has a nice fit to it im 5'4 230-240lbs ordered xl so I know she could fit it she's shorter and weigh less than me tad bit tight on my arms but it's ok Thought it was spandex but it isn't it's only 5% spandex and something else but it looks like cotton feels good


Very pretty and perfect fit. True to size. I also ordered a blue one.


