I rolled my eyes a bit at all the rave reviews for this dress, but saw many ladies with my body type (big booty, big boobs and a tummy) that looked fabulous in it, so I gave it a try. When I pulled it out of the package I agreed with some of the other reviewers who said is seemed like swimsuit material, but when I put it on... Oh. My. God! Hello, sexy. This dress is super flattering and looks so sexy while camouflaging my flaws. I will definitely be ordering more colors! For reference, I am 5'8", 185lbs and wear a size 12/14. I ordered the XL and it fits like a beautiful glove.


Sooooooo I loved the way the dress fit and I also loved the compliments; however the material SUCKS! It's horrible. I purchased this dress in a 2x (I wear an 18/20) for an all white party, but it kept picking up the color of my black spanx. It took me a while to figure out how I kept getting black spots on my dress during the party, but apparently whenever I would sweat, the color from my black spanx was picked up and showing in splotches on the material of my dress. So needless to say I was a SUPER embarrassed Dalmatian the entire time. My spanx isn't new and has been washed a ton of times, so the dye definitely should NOT have been an issue. I even took the spanx off for a little while during the party to spare me some embarrassment; however as soon as I put it back on, the least little bit of sweat turned my dress into black spots yet AGAIN! Let me also say that typically I am NOT a heavy sweater if at all, but it is the middle of the summer and the party was pretty packed. So I would recommend this dress, but ABSOLUTELY NOT IN WHITE! Save yourself the embarrassment because I spent more time than intended in the restroom cleaning spots and at one point I even turned the dress around to keep the huge black blotch from showing on my butt. Luckily the dress didn't have an inside tag, so it didn't matter which way you turned the dress. That's all folks...that's my story, hopefully you'll; have better luck or don't wear a black spanx with your white dress.


I was pessimistic about buying clothes on Amazon but this here is a winner. I ordered a small, I am 5,4 125lbs. Having just had a baby this past year, I still have a baby pouch and this dress helps to hide it while accentuating the right places. Sexy, flirty and comfortable. The hubby loves it!


Although I am in the process of dropping weight, at 195lbs for a 5’6 frame, I am still so used to naturally drawing toward extra large shirts and extra large dresses. After the last 2 dresses being fails because I ordered them XL, I am so glad I finally I saw this dress and decided to try a large. It fits perfectly! The stretch material is very forgiving, so is the drape in front. I will be wearing this for my bachelorette party and with all the eating and drinking we’ll be doing, I’m glad this covers the belly. As far as the back you definitely want to make sure you don’t wear colored panties or even “grandma” panties. The lines are not flattering. I wouldn’t say it’s see thru but definitely wouldn’t chance it with colored panties. The material is very good quality overall and I’m so happy with how I look in it. Now I’m on the hunt for a nice necklace piece to go with it.


I recieved this dress yesterday in white the dress was dirty and had makeup on it who does this send people dirty clothes..the sad part about it. Was that it qas noticeable from the pack I saw it before I even open it..so someone wore this dress and sent it back


Before ordering, I read the other reviews and nervously ordered a size smaller than normal; it was still a bit too big. However, it is seriously the most flattering dress I have ever owned in my life. I'm a rectangle/banana body shape - which means my chest, waist, and hips are all about the same circumference. This dress covers my tummy while showing off my legs in a way that doesn't make it obvious that I'm hiding my tummy. I'm 5'5", about 200 lbs, and ordered the XL. Depending on the dress/clothing, I usually waver between a size 16 and 18, or XXL.


It's not extremely high quality, but it's better than I expected for $17. I ordered the white and it was thick enough that I didn't have to worry about it being see-through.


Omg it arrived ..And I love it. It makes me feel so special. I'm 5ft 2in and 235lb with big boob and tummy.  I am going to have to wear a bar with it to keep my ample breast up. But i will just tack some lace to the straps and make it look like part of the dress. The skirt is cut perfectly to give my thighs a great shape and the top hang just enough to hide my tummy and flabby arms. I am so in love with this I have ordered one in red and purple.


This dress is absolutely amazing; perfect fit, super comfortable, elegant and sexy. I loved it! I bought size medium to to go to a concert and it was everything I expected and more. The material is soft and comfortable. I am 4 feet 11  inches and about 124 lbs. and the medium was perfect. I would recommend this dress to anyone in a heartbeat. For the fit, feel, look and price, this is beautiful and ranks as one of my best purchases ever!!!


I bought this for a white party.  Ok this dress is not high quality, BUT it's so inexpensive so I wasn't expecting much.  The fact that you cannot see through the dress boosts it up a star because I have ordered several white dresses and this one definitely works best.  It is also very flattering for my curvy body.  I am 5'9", wear an 18/20 and have a very large chest,  I got the XXL which fits perfect not too short which I was worried about.  The dress does cling to your body but the flap flows nicely over to cover the right areas.  Had to cut a few strings but like I said for the price this was a winner.


I got so many compliments on this dress!


The material is nice and was great for a cocktail dinner.


It did fit a little big but not enough to really notice. The ability to adjust the length to your liking was nice- I could scrunch it to be a mini skirt or pull it down to just above my knees. The "cape" part is great for concealing upper arms & my leftover mommy belly.


I will suggest NOT wearing slick shapewear under it because it's a slick material and that will make it creep up as you walk.


I'm 5'6", 150lbs, 34DDD bra, size 8 pants, Medium shirts. I ordered a medium.


