Beautiful dress and hides imperfections. I have a hard time finding dresses I like since I have gained weight in my stomach area but this dress does a great job hinding your imperfections in that manner.


Very cute and flattering!  I would definitely size down because it has a lot of stretch to it.  A small would fit anyone that runs from small-large.


When I first took this out of the box I thought it might look boxy on...but decided to try it.  The instant I put it on I thought, hands down, it's the cutest dress I own.  Went to a concert downtown that night, walking with my guy, walked past two other guys and one mouthed "Beautiful" to me...we then cross the street and are running away from traffic when a woman in an oncoming car rolls down her window and yells "That is a beautiful dress!"  Swear it.  Now THAT has never happened to me before and at that second I thought "Dang, I will be reviewing this."  and I am here to order one in another color as well.  Due to the upper draping it billows in the wind yet it is fitted underneath which is likely the reason it seems so appealing.  Very unusual.


This is the most flattering dress and so comfortable.  You can also make  the skirt longer if desired or shorter by scrunching it up and you can wear the sleeves on the shoulders, off the shoulders, or asymmetrical.  You can also wear it as a shirt!  Totally versatile.


I am a raving fan.


It was gorgeous.


Really cute on, fabric not the best quality but for the price it’s good.  Great for beachwear and can be dressed up with sandals and jewelry.  Fits nice and very flattering.


I normally wear a large but it was just a little too tight around my hips.  Not uncomfortable, but too tight visually.  (Hope that makes sense).  I changed to XL and it is perfect.  It still clings nicely to show off my curves!


love, love, love it.  It fits great and I love the material, this dress is going with me on vacation


The dress felt like bathing suit material not a soft cotton but I'll bathing suit type Lycra


Cute but not for a grown woman.  Very fitted and sexy but not for me, had to return it.


Not happy this came with brown spots and stains on it also the front is to the side clearly a problem with the construction of it


It is not wearable stained.


