Amazing dress. Hugs the body where it needs to and loose in the perfect spots. Ordered a large I weigh 188


Read the reviews for this dress & kept going back & forth trying to decided whether or not to order it. So glad that I decided to take a chance! Tried the dress on & instantly fell in LOVE! This dress has a very classy look, is figure flattering & hid areas that I didn't want to be seen. I dressed it up w/some turquoise  & green accents & received compliments all night. Great price, great look, great buy! Buy the dress! You'll be glad you did.


Love love love this! I'm 5'5" 160lbs and it fits perfect! So comfortable and covers up the little tummy I have and looks good everywhere!


I got this dresse for an All Black Event, I loved the dress and how it fit. Also you have options. I purchase a 2x and im a size 22


Love it flattering, well made. I'm a medium and bought a large 38 bust, 5'3" 157 lbs. In retrospect a medium might have worked but I like the fit. Very happy with this purchase.


Amazing. I love love love this dress! Wore it for formal night on our cruise (We were pretty drunk and goofing around in the photos..haha) and had the BEST time and got so many compliments. The next day I wore it strapless with my arms out on the beach. This dress is awesome and so versatile.


This dress looks amazing!!! I posted a picture in the dress and what I wore the next day for comparison so you can see my true size.  I received a TON of compliments on the dress.I ordered a 2xl in black. I am a size 18/1x/2x with 38DD, 5'5 and 220lbs. It is super flattering with the V shaped drape in front and back. The way the neck is cut, it can be worn in various ways at the top. The bottom of the skirt can either be pulled down below the knees to give it a pencil skirt effect or worn much shorter for something a little sexier and stays in either position. I highly recommend this dress, especially for the price.


I ordered a xxl which fits perfectly being that I am  approximately 5'5 240lbs.


I'm 177lbs and I purchased a large in red and white.  You can wear spanxs if you want to but it covers your tummy well.


I love this dress!!! i got lots of complements! It fits well and it hides problem areas like your pouch!


