Fits great! I was a Little nervous of How it would hug my body but i was pleasantly surprised! I'm 29, 5'1 and 178lbs...i hold a lot of my weight in my belly and im self conscious of my thick arms. This dress made me feel sooo sexy!!! I can't wait to wear it on my cruise in a couple months with my husband.


I do have to say that the arm holes were a little tight but I fixed that right up lol I normally wear a 1x in womens but from the reviews I read I bought a large, and it was perfect , I still had enough length of the dress to pull down to make it longer.


This dress is absolutely beautiful! The material is very soft yet stretches to fit your curves. I ordered it in a green and the color is a dark army green and is perfect.


I am 5’4, 165 and a size 10. I usually were a medium and ordered this dress in a medium. It does run a bit large and I am exchanging it for a small. I am keeping it and wearing it on my anniversary.


Beautiful dress. Thought it was going to be a bit small on me but I could get away with it because it's stretchy. The dress was actually a bit too big but it worked. I am 5' 8 1/2" and weigh 206. I usually buy a 1X. I got a lot of compliments on this dress. It covers a lot of things you don't want seen like a poochy stomach and batwings on your arms if you have them. The only thing I will do differently the next time I wear the dress is buy some nude stockings. It looks ok with the black stockings but I think it will look much better with nude stockings.


I ordered a small, I'm 5'2" 140. It was slightly loose but it was fine! I loved how it hid my little belly pooch when my husband and I went to our anniversary dinner. I loved it! And the fabric was thicker than I expected!


Perfect!


Great dress especially for plus size. Fit like a charm, hugged the right curves wasn't too short. thin material but didn't fray I didn't dry this in the machine I hung it and it went back to original elasticity. Im a 2x and that's the size I got it fit great


It fits so perfect! I had a baby 4 years ago so you know I have a baby belly but with this dress you can't really tell. I weigh at least 135 and I'm 5"5. This dress is super comfortable and I feel beautiful in it. I actually want to buy other colors.


You definitely get what you pay for. You could wear this hanging around the house or to something you don't care about the quality of your garment.. Comfortable, but material is very cheap. I gave it 3 stars because I didn't have a big expectation for it in the first place, or else it would have been a 1 star.


It is super pretty! The only problem is that the material is thin underneath and a bit see through (at least the pink one is). I ordered the 3x it was not tight but you could see my black boy shorts. It is very flattering. I am going to order it in black and see how that works


Polyester material like a cheap Halloween costume. It is inexpensive, so I don’t know why I was surprised. I loved the way it fit, if only it was in a more quality material. It is good for the price, just letting people know what the material is like. It runs a little big, but it is very stretchy and I can still wear it. Gave it a 4 star because it is okay and was under $20.


