Love this dress! Super flattering!  Sexy but not over the top.  I am 5'9 & 160 and the large fit great. Not to tight. I wore black Cotton bike shirts underneath to be more comfortable & avoid a slip.


5'6" 160lbs. Usually wear a large,  10-12. Because of the reviews I ordered a size smaller so that the shoulders would fit properly. I am so glad that I did.  The dress is stretchy so the dress fits well and the shoulders are perfect.


This is such a cute dress. I’m 191lbs, 5’4 and a 38D bra size. Waist 36 inches. The L fit me perfect. And it’s so flattering. Go by the size chart and the reviews and the sizing is spot on. So happy with this purchase.


Love it so much will order in another color . Saw another lady at the same event with the same dress, she wore it off both shoulders . Note for busty women I'm a 40H I order a xxl and it was a little big .


OMG sooooo in love with this Dress and the material is soft... At first I wasn't sure what size to get as I read all the other Women's comments on their HT and WT and what size they ordered.... I'm 5'6 240lbs I decided to get a XXL but truly I could've got a size smaller. The Draping in the front is a bit long which I'll probably use a pendant to push aside. I'm in love with this dress! Thank you Amazon


I'm short and fat.  I got the 3x with the intent of wearing it as a long blouse.  It fit just the way I thought it would.  I scrunched it up a little around the hips and it worked perfectly.


Wanted a new dress for vacation in Mexico.  Love this dress, it soon became my favorite thing to wear.  You can adjust the length as the sides are gathered.  You need not worry about your tummy, as the front drape covers nicely.  Easy to pack and easy to wear.


Got the black one and have to say... I absolutely adore this dress!!! The material is soft and expensive feeling. It’s also very forgiving in certain problem areas! This dress made me feel sexy and beautiful for the first time in a long time! Can’t beat it, specially for the price. One of my best Amazon purchases yet. Next I want to get it in purple!


I'm so in love with dress i got an XL can be worn 3 different ways off the shoulder or up or down on one shoulder very sexy dress cant wait to wear it out on the town  with my guy or  girls night out think i will order another one in a different color


I bought this for New Year's Eve and it's the best dress! I'm an average 5'7" and I got the XL for some additional comfort and it was the most comfortable dress I have ever worn. I danced all night long in it and never had any issues. I also received tons of compliments on it because it hugged in all the right places, and then hung in all the right places as well! I am considering buying one in every color!!


