I am a 61 year old....5ft 5 inches and about 150 lbs. Ordered a large in black for a vacation. Delighted it fits well in both length and girth. The way it is designed is very forgiving to the tummy area. I'm very pleased.


So versitile. I have worn this as a long skirt and gotten rave reviews. Even at a dressy occassion.  It's fits like a leg hugging pencil skirt with the drape coverine every body flaw and flab imaginable. And adding a very cool stylistic element. The cape like drape covers the arm holes completely. And wow.


The purple is very deep rich and dark, the fabric is fairly thick and not flimsy, just stretchy. The seams are strong and do not stretch on the sides so the tuck look stays awesome.


I wear a size 18 with a 44 inch waist and ordered a 3x to have more fabric and drape for creating styles. It can be a sweet summer nighty, swim suit cover up, short skirt, long skirt, shirt...im very pleased. Very fun to wear with clothes like leggings shorts, chamisoles etc underneath . Very fun. Good investment.


I was worried about this dress being off the shoulder since I hate half bras, but that's not an issue here's why. There is elastic so it doesn't HAVE to hang off the shoulder. I pulled my bra straps down some and it looks great! That flap in the front is very forgiving for bra or tummy issues. It hides it all. The bottom material is a little thin, so you wont be able to wear regular underwear without them showing. The dress is very pretty and worth the price. Exactly as pictured. I wear a size 12 and ordered a large. It's a perfect fit. I'm 5'6 and the length is perfectly acceptable. Not short at all. Maybe 3 inches above the knee. I noticed a few people comment about it being wrinkled. I had no problem ironing it.


Very cute.. was on the smaller size but I just added a chain extender to it and it was fine. My only complaint is that the box it came in was molded.


I LOVE this dress. So comfortable.  This is the type of go to dress you can use for many occasions and feel very comfortable. The top part of the dress hides belly area issues and it is very slimming.  The length is perfect. The material is very soft and not too clingy.  I can see this as my go to dress for the summer.  Very happy with this purchase.  I would highly recommend.


Love it. Very comfortable. But it's not a true red. More of a burnt orange.


I love this dress. The reviews were good so I ordered in size large. I'm 5'2, 183 lbs and it fit perfectly. I am ordering another for a wedding in June ☺


Let’s start by saying I loved the dress, but it was USED, elastic forming the ruffled top was stretched out, with a slight snag so I sent it back: damaged. From one Amazon customer to another, please do not return clothing after you’ve worn them beyond trying it on; except if the item is defective. Returns get restocked and sent back out to unsuspecting customers like me. That’s the reason I’m giving this a 4 star. Amazon needs to review all in coming returns. My dress had sweat and food droppings, disgusting. It should not have been sent out. I want to be the first person having a good time in the dresses I buy.


 Now about the dress, this was my second dress, I sized down this time. The fabric does snag easily, it’s a spandexy material I learned that from my purple one. The blue was as pictured, sort of a royal blue in my opinion. The small fit great, compared to the medium I already own. Medium looks fine, just like the sleeker look of the small. I’m 5’ 3, 34dd, weigh about 145, hips about 40 inches if that helps ya decide on a size but small and medium worked for me. This dress is flattering for all shapes.


Beautiful dress!!! It hugs all the right areas!


wore this out to club in Jamaica...it was perfect!


Fit great...and comfortable...


I have nice legs and this dress accentuated them perfectly.


Looking to buy a couple of more colors.


