Love this dress!  I am in my mid forty's and was concerned maybe to young looking. I am 5'6 and weigh 170 lbs.  I bought a large and extra large.  Large fit but chose the extra large to give my more length coverage on legs.  I wore to a wedding and had tons of compliments.  Material comfortable and very nice fit for people like me thicker in the middle.  Defiantly great dress for the price!


JUST TO DIE FOR


Nice dress ...comfortable...ordered 3 more....if you  don't like the ruching up the  sides , its easy to take out..The dress  will lay flat.... I'm 5ft 4 and falls just above the knee...dress fitted underneath so I used a body shaper.  But then again  Im 48 years old ....I always have to wear one .I got the  size small.


This is the best dress ever. The  medium weight material hangs so well~~ I am a larger gal and I ADORE the way it hides what it needs to hide yet is sexy!!  It is very flattering to the figure. Larger women, this is a GREAT dress, Petite, and smaller women to!! Just a flattering design..


 I did order a size larger but feel that the normal size would be fine for people. I think I might have to buy another color. The length is great to!! As a 50something, I rock this dress!


 One thing I did notice was if you wear one shoulder, there hole from the other side might result in peek a boob if you having arms up and such... If your dancing, just be careful. (if you want) lol


I ordered an XL in black and an XXL in white in case one didn't fit or was see through I had a back up. I Will keep both,  the difference in size isn't much,  I am 5'8" around 225lbs and I am an apple shape so most of my weight is in the middle.  I like the black better just because it is a little tighter and it's more slimming so it works best for the event I am attending.  I will say that the seams are not very strong around the armpit and the white version front panel is cut or sowed slightly off.  Not enough to make a difference or notice unless you were looking for something wrong on purpose. Overall happy with what I purchased!


Beautiful and sexy


Love!! I listened to reviews AND to the size chart. I wear size 16 so ordered a 3X. Fits perfectly!!


I just received this dress today ,Love love love this dress. The fabric is nice ,the style is nice, it makes me look and feel very sexy plus-size. I ordered a 3X, in the color purple, it was a little big, could have ordered a 2X , but it is fine I can work with it. My husband loved it when I tried it on. I plan on ordering all the colors. If you're having second thoughts on purchasing this dress,  please buy. It's a great buy, great price and it makes you look very nice and sexy as a plus size woman. I gave it a 4-star cuz I haven't wore it yet.


Dress is comfortable and very flattering for fuller figures. The fabric didn't stay ironed and I didn't like it doesn't have a tag but other than that. I truly loved this dress. Would recommend to my plus size ladies :-)


I am beyond disappointed with this purchase. I received something that looks like a blacket someone stitched up to make it look like a dress. It does not even look like the picture at all. It looks like an oversized ugly poncho...I don’t think I will be purchasing from this vendor ever again...


