Love Love Loovver this dress.. Major hit on Easter


I received this dress today and I LOVE IT! I am 5'7", 210 lbd, athletic build and ordered the XL. A lot of these photos are from the front so I took a few from the side in an obligatory bathroom selfie lol. I took it with black and brown shoes. Obviously the black look better, but when I added a brown belt (not pictured)  the brown shoes look amazing with it. For the price you will not regret it one bit! I apologize for the messy mirror :)


I bought a size bigger and it still looks okay. It's cute. I can't wait for date night. Excuse my mirror... :(


Perfect fit... im 5'8 250  and it hid all the bulges :) i could of went for 1x instead of 2x


This a great summer piece dress it up with a pair of pumps or go casual with a pair of flats.


Beautiful flattering shape! Love the material, very comfortable. I'm a size 14 and I ordered an XL. I feel like I could have gotten a L and have it fit fine as well. The fabric stretches A LOT. I love it! I can't wait to wear it on vacation this week!


It fit well and it looks great on. Only thing I can complain about although it's really not a concern for me was that the ruffle didn't ruffle it's more of a drape.


5'1" 150 36DD medium was perfect


I received compliments all night when I stepped out in this beautiful dress.  I purchased this after reading the reviews and the pictures helped with my decision.


I ordered a large because that's my usual shirt size and it fits perfect. I was looking for something that fit tighter at the bottom to show off my booty a bit and looser at the top to kind of hide the unwanted curves. This caught my eye and I bought it. I was really nervous at how it would fit on me. It came in within a few days and it is SO FLATTERING. My boyfriend couldn't keep his hands off. I got stares from both men and women all night. This dress looks and makes me feel so sexy. Not to mention SO comfortable. Girls do not hesitate when buying, this dress is amazing. I saw some reviews about it being see through but I ordered black to go with a pair of stilettos I already own and have not had that problem. So worth the price. Great quality for the price, I will order again!


I am 5' 5.5" and 128 lbs. I ordered the dress in white and absolutely love it. It is comfortable and the material is stretchy and forgiving. Form fitting but the back and stomach are veiled by the flowing fabric sewn to the neckline - only the legs and butt can be readily seen. Only downside is that the white is a bit sheer. Nude and white underwear can not be seen though.


If you're on the fence, it is definitely worth the money.


