Excellent fit!!...very comfortable and I like the stretchy material.. I will definitely be purchasing another one in a different color.


It was slightly large for me, I bought medium and used to buying dress size 6.


Very inexpensive, and reflected in quality.


This dress is FABULOUS!!! It hugs your curves and hides your little pooch. It’s very comfortable and I highly recommend. Definitely a must have in different colors.


I ordered the dress for a wedding, but when it arrived, I received a completely different dress. I am not impressed with this mistake. The two dresses looked completely different, the only similarity between the two was the color. Not ordering again.


5'7" 180lbs.  Bought this in a medium for my 40th birthday dinner. I'm probably going to get this dress in other colors.  Very flattering, hides Mid section well.  You can wear the shoulders in different positions to give it many different looks


I'm 5'7 and 160 lbs.  I ordered XL.  Could have worn a L but because it's stretchy, it fits fine.  Very comfy and super cute.


This dress was somewhat large. I am 5ft but I am a little bigger for my height at 135lbs with broad shoulders. This dress really looked like a poncho on me due to my height and shoulders. I highly recommend this to longer torsos because the height above would make a huge differences in how your whole body length would look. Otherwise, the top of the dress that has the long front would cover your skirt almost completely. I tried to pull the skirt down a bit to show more of it but that led the dress to move out place in some areas like the shoulder. Also showed more of my tummy pouch from the sides when I did that and that was the main part that I was trying to cover. I was going to exchange it but decided that I also did not like the back, how it mirrored the front and did not accentuate the back of my body so I returned it.


Love this dress!! You can wear it in three different styles!! It contours to the body nicely. It isn't real short and wears just above the knee. So happy on the fit and how it looks. Would buy again!!


This item was waaaaayyy too big and is not nearly as nice as what is pictured. The dress came to below my knees. Would love to return but there is not option for it!


