The large was a perfect fit and very flattering! I have worn it as a dress and a shirt (as another reviewer has) and it's cute either way. Comfy fabric, not sheer at all (in black), and my new favorite dress.


I wasn't a fan of this fabric and felt like I was swimming in it. Concerning quality, to me, it felt like something a teenager would wear to a club. Honestly, having paid roughly this price for some very nice (yet deeply discounted) pieces from Nordstrom, Macy's and the like, I didn't see any point in holding onto this.


I am buying every color. I just had a baby and I wanted to dress up.. this dress is tight in all the right places, the butt, and hides all the right places, the tummy. I'm 5'9", 215lbs right now, I bought the large. I'm very excited to wear this out


Fits well.  I'm curvy in the hip, butt, and breasts area (hourglass figure kind of).  I'm self conscious about my arms which is why I really wanted this dress!  It also hides my little baby pooch that I'm working on lol. I got this in large.


 I'm 5'2", 174lbs but I carry all my weight in those curvy areas mentioned above.  I bought this dress in pink and navy blue and they can also be worn as cute tops. ♡


Best Dress I've ever owned!!! This is comfortable, I can wear it multiple ways, & the best part..... I can wear it with out a bra. Without leggings with leggings. tall boots, short boots. converse. the sleeves can be worn multiple ways. Best amazon purchase so far! I'm more than satisfied! CANNOT wait to wear it out! Already have the perfect place & outfit picked out! Super excited! May have to buy more for Christmas presents! This is AMAZING! If you have not bought one yet, DO IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Shipping & Seller communication was fast & efficient! Thanks so much!!!!!


I bought this for my sister for a girls night out.  She loves  it!  This is saying a lot because she does not show much skin.  This is perfect for her!  She is 5'2, weighs about 140, and fits a L.


This is very very comfortable!! I am about 5'9" and almost 180 lbs and I bought a Large and it fits perfect. This is my second dress in a different color. I have grey and black. It really helps hide my baby pouch hehe and is very sexy looking with some sexy heels.


Everyone's review on this dress really help me select the right size for me, which I am very thankful for. I am 5'1 and 187 lb and  I got the XXL, they fit just right. Being stretchy  material and style it does cover your tummy well.  With the ruched stitching on the sides, I can pull it down to below my knees  for a day look or adjust it so it can be above the knees for the evening look. I really like this dress and may order another one. Definitely a moneys worth for the price, because the style is sexy, still covers certain areas, thick material and not see through.


The dress is very nice wish I would had got the black now.. Don't like the red on me. Very sexy fit and I'll just get another color.! Very stretchy and fitting for girls night out attire but come home on time!


I bought this to wear to a wedding in going to soon. Overall the dres is just ok. I think it doesn't work for my body type. Either way I think I will return it. Because I need a darker blue. The photo looks baby blue. But it's really royal blue.


