im 5'5 148-153 lbs. ordered size medium. i like that you can pull the skirt part down or scrunch it up to make longer or shorter! i don't like super short dresses and it's great i can pull it down to feel comfortable! fabric is a little odd, i was expecting stretchy cotton/nylon type material. lol it feels like...a thin swimsuit material? but whatever the odd fabric, the look is good! it doesn't look as strange as it feels!


I absolutely LOVE this dress! It fits perfectly and looks great! You can wear it to go out on the town or for more casual wear like football games!! Very comfortable AND stylish. I am ready no matter what! Definitely getting more in other colors!


Great dress!!!  I have no curves and need to lose 80lbs and it made me feel beautiful and sexy, even in white!  I ordered it two sizes bigger than my normal size so it wouldn't cling.  It hung almost to my knees.  Looked classy ebough to wear to anywhere.


I'm not gonna lie: I bought this dress specifically because I have these awesome gray sandals that would look cute with it. They've got a three inch heel and these cute little straps and have a small glitter buckle on them and are soooo cute and they are really comfortable for walking around in...


Oh--and the dress fits.


White was too see-through, had to return. Quality was great otherwise and it fit great too.


This is really cute.  I have actually worn it several times as just a top and you would never know any different!  It also looks really cute as a dress with tights and boots!  I am 5'3', 36A chest, 29" waist and 37" hips and the medium fit perfect.


I'm in between a 10/12 and rather tone due to weight lifting a medium fit well.


Dress fit amazing! I wear a 2X and ordered a size up! This dress doesn't feel cheap and looks way more expensive than it really is! I love the fact that the fringes really hide your belly and the spandex fits snug but still gives you breathing room! Love itttt!


Love! Flattering for any figure. I'm a plus size girl (size 16) and this dress is flattering and sexy. The fact that it can also be worn multiple ways is icing on the cake. Will buy again!


Awesome dress. I ordered 3x . Im 14/16. The dress can be off the shouder, one shouldered. I put a big brooch on the overlay, securing it to the actual dress,  very pretty and make it fancier. Order this dress. I have purple.


