I absolutely love this dress!!! If fits amazing and definitely is a confidence booster. I'm 5'1", 198lbs and I ordered the XL. I definitely could've went with the large as it was longer than expected. The gathered fabric on the sides and the draped handkerchief front makes this a perfect dress to have in your closet. I ordered the white dress, and you know white can be very unforgiving, however, not in this dress!!


Dress arrived with a stain on the skirt part. If it was where it can't be seen it would be fine but is very visible. So I ordered it in black. Hopefully it doesn't have any flaws.  Very disappointed.


This is GORGEOUS!!  Finally something beautiful and sexy that truly fits full-figured women well, and is figure-flattering!  I totally agree with the other reviews.....ladies you should really get this dress.  No matter what your size, or even if you have an ample tummy - this will look great on you.  A great bargain for such a well crafted garment.


I ordered the green dress and the color is great. Im usually between L and XL so ordered an XL which I regret. It is very stretchy and there's definitely enough room. I need to wear it on one shoulder or it will probably slide down..... soft material and cute dress overall, but probably will return for a size L instead


update: ordered the white in L to replace my previous order. Super cute, although I feel like the material is different from the green....


Thanks a nice dress fits nice...Material is decent quality!!! I would purchase other colors!!


Absolutely beautiful and I can't wait to wear out.


I was very disappointed in the size and fit. I'm 5'7 120 lbs so I ordered a Medium but when it arrived it was huge. So I ordered a small, when I received it the dress was again way to big. Plus I'd doesn't come in an XS. I don't return things so I'm out $40. The model in the picture has to be wearing an XS.


I was surprised by how good the quality of the dress was, as I wasn't expecting much. As a 4'10", 140 lb curvy woman, it fits so well around my hips and accentuates my legs nicely. It's really classy and tasteful too, but still sexy. I can't wait to wear it in Vegas in a few weeks!


Very elegant. FIts perfectly. I'm super happy!!!


This dress can be worn two ways and it's very flattering, I purchased an xl and could have gone with a L but loved the comfy feeling and didn't feel restricted had it been smaller I probably would. This was my best amazon purchase yet!!


