My wife purchased this for an event. She looked beautiful in it. Flattering fit. Beautiful dress. I am planning to order her another one. She's a size 12 and ordered a large. She probably could've ordered a medium.


, good quality material love the reversibility


OMG....I love this dress....got a 3X in black and it fits "like a glove"...hugs the body where you want it, but hides and covers up, where you don't...arrived as promised and right on time, definitely will wear it this Saturday for a reunion party.  Love the soft and sexy feel of it on my skin, and the versatility of being able to wear it on-shoulder, one-bare shoulder, or strapless, too...it's like 3 dresses for one great price...thank you, Amazon.com and Sidefeet....sell me MORE dresses like this, please...!!!  Post two pics below, love the fit and how it looks on me.  PS:  I just ordered another one, 3x in purple (Sat, 11/04)...because I LOVE this dress so much...will let you know if that one is any less wonderful than the black...!!!  UPDATE:  Love this in purple too..some fit and finished, can't wait to wear it someplace...a few more pics to compare..!!!


Bought 2.  I love the fit.  I am 5’8, 180 lbs.  My waist is wider than I like, 38”. This camouflages it.  I look so slender in it, that I walked in the venue like I was. In the picture was the purple; I also bought the white.  The shoes are from Amazon also.


If it's as expected. And it hurts all the levels and bumps you don't want to show. I haven't worn it out yet but when I tried it on I loved it and I wait a little more back then. That it I lost some weight I'm sure I would look even better in it.


I ordered a large. I usually buy xl. It was the perfect fit. It was a huge hit. It hid my c-section pouch. More if the back was out than i am accustomed to but i was comfortable. The shoulders can be worn off, on, or one shoulder. I do not wear dresses. I received so many compliments I was embarassed and flattered. I was going to return it when I first tried it on. I ironed it out and gave it a try. Really happy I did.


I bought this dress after looking at other reviews and decided to give it a try. Going to a concert and thought this would be perfect. It arrived and I tried it on and was very happy with it. It fit just like it should and I'm excited to accessorize it for the show. So glad I went with this dress!


Love this dress. Will order other colors. Im 5'9"185 pounds, and got a large. fits perfect. Usually wear a 10/12


Hugs your curves in the best places. The front hides the muffin top beautifully. I may get another.


I really like this dress! I was a little skeptical at 1st but I thought it would be perfect for my bachelorette party coming up. I ordered white and I will agree that the single layer area is a bit see through so I will need to find a slip that will work with this period but for $17 you really can't beat it! I am 5"3" 150 lbs and the medium fits great. Perfectly tight in all the right places! I just might order one in a different color:) The material is much better than I expected. And yes, it is wrinkly out of the package (of course, its in a bag)but I wanted to get this review in before I forgot!


