Great dress for a night out after having two babies. It looks very sexy and covers everything that needs covered but is tight around the butt giving off a great date night sexiness. Elastic on shoulders seems to lee the top where you want it on the arms. 5'6 36D size 10


I was very excited to receive this dress. I just don't like that the top part is so long. It truly does hide any belly or bump. It's just way too long. Even when I wear it on both shoulders. I don't feel like it looks proportioned and I don't think I'll ever wear it. I'm 5'6 and wear a C cup. My friend is 5'8 and wears a D cup and it looks much better on her. Since her breasts pull the top part up more she looks great.


Dress came today with black stains all over it!!!


Every woman needs this dress. If you're curvy then this dress will accentuate your assets. If you don't have curves then this dress will create the illusion of curves. It fits great! I'm 5'7 and a Torrid size 2 (16/18) and bought a XXL dress and it's just right. If you are taller than 5'7 then the dress might be a little short though.


This dress was perfect!!It hid what i needed hidden and showed what I needed shown.


This dress was super cute and fit great, although it was a little tight to get on. Once it was on thought it fit perfect. I got a lot of compliments and the material was better than expected. It was a little wrinkly upon arrival and I threw it in the dryer twice to try and remove the wrinkles because I was afraid an iron might be too hot on the material, but the wrinkles only came out about 90%. The long hanging part of the dress in my opinion was a little too long but it overall looked great. I did wear it off the shoulder but it kept coming back on my shoulder, not sure why. I recommend this dress for sure.


Just received in last couple days, dress delivered promptly and as described, Very flattering, good fit. Came out great after washing, can hardly wait to wear it. I am a "young" 61 yr old, 5ft 7in tall, at 158 pounds and this dress seems to hide some of the less flattering trouble parts! Liked it so well I just ordered another in white. Appreciate the photos offered by others on this item, which inspired me to purchase at this excellent price. Great product!


I weigh 240 lbs and i am 5 months pregnant and i am 5'5". I ordered the XXL because i normally will wear an XL to XXL t shirt. I wear a 38DD and i never wear jeans so i cant give an accurate pant size but in yoga wants i wear a large and an xl. I have nice legs but i am shaped like an apple. The XXL was huge! I couldve fit my 5 year old daughter in the dress with me. I am returning it and ordering a large! Its super stretchy and very long so i am hoping the large will fit. I will update when i receive it. However im not going to knock off stars because of my own sizing error. It is a beautiful dress!!


Arrived on time, somewhat cheap material.  However, being 5'6" and 175 lbs (wanting to lose weight), I was happy to find that I actually fit into a medium very nicely!  The material is stretchy and very comfortable.  I am using this outfit when I go on a cruise and I think it will pack nicely and not have to be ironed.  When I removed the outfit from the packaging there were no wrinkles at all! Perfect for traveling if you don't mind polyester too much.  This can be worn by the pool over a bathing suit or out to a nice dinner with some nice accessories.  Very versatile. I plan on buying more colors now that I know my size with this dress. :)  Happy shopping!


I liked the feel of the material... HOWEVER, I ordered a small and this thing was still GINORMOUS. Looked like a sack of potatos with ZERO shape... but somehow managed to make my breast look like HUUUGGEE torpedos. Umm No thanks, I’ll pass.


