I love it !!! 240lbs 5'8 2x and it fits perfect


Love this dress!  I wear size 14-16 and ordered this dress in an XL.  Super cute and very flattering on the curves.


Loved this dress for my bachelorette party! Can't see wearing it many other places but it was perfect for going out! I felt great


I am 5'2 and weigh 172lbs and ordered a large. This dress felt great and did not require any shape wear.  I even wore my regular bra under it.  The material is stretchy and can be accessorized to look like you spent way more than the actual cost.  Would definitely buy agin in a different color.


Buy it! What a great dress for any body type. The sizing is so forgiving. The material is very stretchy, like a thin spandex.  You really do not have to worry too much about sizing. I'm not small at 5"4, 160 lbs and curvy, big booty body type and I had to return the medium and get a small.  I could have just kept the medium but I want it to hold me in better.  The overlay on the top covers up any rolls or bulges that you don't want showing.  You want the lower part to hold you in. It's a very stretchy fabric so I strongly suggest you go smaller in size for this dress.  The small has arrived and it's perfect for my curvy body. I hope this helps!


I love it. It makes me feel sexy without showing off everything. Fits well, not see through, and actually pretty comfortable. For the record, I'm 5'2", 180lbs. I ordered the XXL and it's perfect. I could probably size down if I truly wanted it tighter.


I love this dress I'm 5ft5 180 at my largest I have ever been wanted to hide my chunky areas and this dress did the job! I got so many compliments I'm going to order a different color for upcoming wedding the size I am wearing is Lg


Wrong dress.


LOVE this dress! It is sooooo cute and very flattering - I cannot wait to wear this on my honeymoon! it can be dressed up or down so it's very versatile too. I ordered a Small - I'm between a size 4/6 - fit was perfect. Another great plus was that I received the dress WAY earlier than expected - that is always a very nice surprise. I definitely recommend this seller and this dress!


For the price I'm floored. I've gained some weight and have a cruise coming up so still wanted to feel sexy but cover some areas. I can't believe how amazing this feels and looks. It perfectly covers my mid-section but still shows curves. The fabric feels so good and stretches. It doesn't look cheap either even though it's very affordable. I'm usually a size 10 in dresses (8 if there is some give or 12 from Euro stores like H&M) with a wider back and mid-section and this fits like a glove as a size Medium! Excited to cruise in this!


