I am please with the product just next time please deliver it to me and not my neighbor down the street. T You Fed X


Cute dress accurate fit perfect for my vacation wear. Only problem I had was the fabric would not release wrinkles.


After reading reviews, I decided to buy this dress for a date night with my husband. This dress is so cute! I ordered the largest size so that it wouldn't be too short, or ride up. I'm 5'3" and it's right at my knees. Perfect! This dress is so versatile, it can be worn several ways. It effectively hides all my rolls so it gets an A+ from me. The color I ordered is a deep eggplant and the material resists fading. I love it!


I was a little worried when this dress arrived that it would not fit however when I tried it on I was very happy. I am in my 50’s now and my stomach is not flat like it use to be so the flow of this dress is perfect and hides that problem area. I have to add I got the blue and the color is beautiful. I highly recommend this dress.


Fits perfectly. Hides all imperfections. You can wear the top multiple ways easily. I went out one night and changed it from shoulder to strapless and even one arm throughout the night. Love this dress. The material is stretchy and yet thick enough not to be see through. I am not a dress person but this is one I will pack on any trip to wear out.


This thing is enormous.  It looked like I was wearing a tent.  I gave my size medium to my friend that is 6'4.  It looked nice on her.


Super cute dress! Nice material. I like that you can wear it 3 ways. Will be perfect for a formal night on our cruise.


My wife really likes this dress, the material doesnt feel as cheap as we expected. It fits very well. Only thing is it doesnt have any tags at all. No care tag or materials tag.


Love this dress. Especially the black one. I got a pink and black had to return the pink was larger and didn’t look as good as the black.


The fabric was nice. Not too thin, nice drape, soft. Pretty color. The body of the dress fit as expected, but the cape part is a little too long on me around the front.


