Love it


I’m 5’2” and ordered a large. I am a 38DD. I have a “mommy apron”.  I expected it to be a little tighter but it is actually loose. It is nice though because it can be pulled down to knee length or rusched up to make it more mini. It is loose on the bust area but I’m hoping a wash and dry will tighten it up. The material is nice and soft and comfortable to wear. I would purchase in other colors.


Was a little bit larger...I should have just ordered large but the extra large gave it a little extra length which I need because I'm a little taller than average. This dress is very figure flattering. The material is not cheap and not see through. Very comfortable ! I want to order another in a different color soon.


The fit is fine. True to size. 1 star because the stitching is coming off. I received it like this. I got this dress for a wedding that is in 2 days and now I don't know what to do.


It is a flattering dress for a bigger woman. I usually wear a 1x  in dresses and bought an xl. i probably could have even bought a large. It stretches against your curves and hides the not so wonderful parts behind the lose cover.


I am very impressed for less than 20 dollars. Dress is soft and comfortable. Would buy again.


It's pretty cheap. I guess I can wear it while on vacation out one night. It looked cute and I must've been bored and started shopping on Amazon. It happens often. I wouldn't consider it as a dressy occasion dress. More of a "let go have some drinks" kinda dress. It's stretchy so it pretty much fits to size.


Really cute dress! I'm 5'8 and 169 pounds and ordered a large because I'm so tall. I have white and blue. I have very long legs so i find myself pulling the dress down s lot. It rides up when walking around but I still Love it!


Perfect. I am self conscious about my mid section and was afraid that I would have to pad down in shapewear just to pull of wearing a dress like this.... WELL, I tried it on with no under garments and it hide everything imperfect yet, sexy as can be.... If you are a larger girl than average ( and I am) this bad boy is a must have


This was bigger than expected on top and had to step in to it. The hem at the bottom had no give and it came with something purple melted to it.... Small area on the drape. I planned this dress for a Halloween costume with the hopes of still being able to wear it out. It worked for the main purpose, as I didn't have time to get another one.


Great dress! After going through all the reviews, I decided to order my actual size. Size; large. I’m 5’2,  184 lbs and 36C.  I love how it hides my love handles! Hope this helps ladies :)


