Dress up or down.  I love this dress and my husband complimented me all night. I will be getting some other colors.


I am 5'7 and a size 16 but this dress made me feel like a size 8 in my mind.


It's really soft and stretchy which I like. Ijm about 165 lbs 5'9" thick. . . But this looks nice and the drape hides my tummy, it's a little see through but I will figure that out. . . Added a gold waist belt in case I felt decent about my tummy. Either way I'm wearing this for a "bad and bougee" bridal shower that's white and gold themed. Gonna accessorize it and wear other shoes. I like this.


Nice dress ! Looks good on me !


I bought this to wear as a tunic.  I am very pleased with it.  To give a reference for sizing: I am a 34D, and 5'8". I ordered a large and the fit is perfect.  I could have possibly worn a medium just fine but I wanted a bit of extra wiggle room to accommodate a tank underneath and jeans or leggings.  If I was younger and could get away with wearing this as a dress, a medium would be a much better fit.  I added pictures for reference.


I love this dress. Had the flap altered at the cleaners though. It's kinda low so I had it hemmed to come up higher. I recommend wearing a garment that hides your "undergarments" and smooths you out, if necessary. I received a lot of compliments.


I bought this for a Thanksgiving cruise to the Caribbean and loved it!  I intended to wear it off the shoulder but I got sunburned in Cozumel so ended up wearing it pulled over my shoulders  to cover my sunburn lines and it was still incredibly cute.  Very comfy and stylish.  I got multiple compliments.  I am 5'6" and 165 lbs and I got the large.  I think a medium would have worked just as well for me.


I love this dress. I have worn it several times and I have had so many compliments on it. Several people have ordered it since they have seen it in me.  I'm a big busted woman and it was perfect for me.


You know, I thought I really liked this one until I took the pictures for this review. Then I had doubts. It would, of course, look better with some accessories, but I was just putting it on for the pictures, so I didn't bother. I think this is a good compromise if you want a bodycon but you have a belly to hide. I'm 27 years old, and felt like this dress was really fun and ran around a bit like it was a cape (I try not to take myself too seriously, haha). It was a good time. After looking at the pics, I might send this one back, but I'm not sure yet. I am 5'3", 187 pounds. Bust - 41, Waist - 31-32, Hips - 44. The fit is perfect in the sense of being not too big or not too small. I definitely have a belly to hide, and it hid it. I like the length. Sexy enough, but not going to be tugging it down all night. The shoulders stay off the shoulders nicely (they don't ride up like some stretchy off-the-shoulder tops). I like that you can wear it multiple ways too. I also pretty low tan lines on my legs from bike shorts, and this dress was long enough to hide them.


I was skeptical about this dress, but I needed something for an all white party. Well it worked out GREAT!! The dress turned out to be PERFECT for the event. It fit true to size, the material was very wrinkled out of the package but a little steam took care of that easily. I'm a size 16, 5'7" tall, very curvy I ordered and XL and the dress was great!!!


I LOVED the fit of this dress! I thought it would be cute but it ended up blowing me away! I'm 6'1" and wear a 16/18, this slimmed me down a LOT, surprising for white. And it covered my bubbly bits well. lol I didn't find it particularly see through unless you tried to wear bright underwear or a color that contrasts your skin. I saw where one reviewer said they tied up the sleeves at the shoulder to give a more youthful appearance, I pinned mine and would have to agree that it gave it a nice, youthful look. Either way it was great and I would definitely recommend.


