Cute dress you can dress up and down.....I received many complements......and the dress has lots of stretch......I bought in a size large


It is very wrinkled . I have washed the dress, put it in the dryer and ironed it and it is still wrinkled.


I LOVE this dress! I really don't suit dresses, but this is so flattering. I'm actually excited to wear a dress for a change. The material is stretchy, so you can't really go too wrong with sizing.


Oh the compliments I get wherever I wear this dress is nothing short of great! It fits perfectly!


This dress is very sexy without showing too much, is good quality fabric and I'm looking forward to wearing it.  I ordered the red and liked it so much I ordered the white, too.  I haven't shown my husband yet and plan to wear both dresses in Vegas Baby!


I'm only 4'11 and 105 lbs so I thought this will fit ordering a small but it's still too big. I feel like I'm drowning in it.


Dress is ok. Actually fits my body really well and looks sexy but the top seems like too much material. I got red. Nice color and is a true red. Haven't worn it out yet and will post more when I do. I'm 5ft, 115lbs and ordered small. Fits well but again sleeves or wings - whatever you call the top- is a lot of material for the rest of the dress


A versatile dress that is actually versatile.....PRICELESS!!! It fits as expected and if you are concerned about your midsection, this is a MUST ADD TO YOUR WARDROBE type of dress for those times of the month or for coverage period!!


I wore this for my 40th birthday. 5'6", 155. It hides the belly pooch and muffin top, flatters the shoulders/neckline, and the skirt can be hiked up or pulled down depending on how you like your legs. I would buy this again!


I love the material. Not too heavy, not too cheap. I am 5'1" so I was afraid it would be too long, but it fits perfect. I wear a Large t-shirt and ordered a Large. After having the babies I'm not back at my comfortable size yet so the top part going over my arms and tummy made me feel more comfortable.


So happy with it. My hubby is excited. Cute little black skirt to wear out on our hot dates.


