The fabric is complete poly, and feels like a Halloween costume from a bag.


I really liked it, wore it to a wedding and got so many complements! Just as pictured.


Awesome dress! Wow material is great quality. I read most of the reviews and took a chance. So glad I did! Bought the red and looks really nice. Not that bright orange red. Just love it. Thank you for a great little product for a great price!


I LOVE this dress and I HATE wearing white but what else is one to wear to an All White Affair. I'm 5'1" and weigh too much for my height, lots of breast, small bottom and sum lusciousness around the waist. This dress works for me, the material has a little stretch but not so much that it hugs all my love handles but the "cape" hides all of that. I ordered the XL.


Very comfortable and flattering.


I Love everything about this adorable dress!  It fits true to size, the fabric is soft & very comfortable to wear, it's stretchy, not binding at all.  It looks sexy but, cute!  You can wear it with your favorite heels or your favorite flips. I Love that it's so versatile.


This dress very well made and looked cute on,  but I felt lije it had too much draping fabric. I sent the red back but liked it so much I'm considering reordering a black maybe in a small. I'm 5'5 130,petite,  hour glass figure, ordered the med, wich fit but the " v " in front was overwhelming.


The quality of this dress is good.  It allowed me to have a chose in which way to wear it, which I love.  The ruffle also helps to hide any bloating or bumps that I am not super excited about having.  I ordered the navy dress, and the color is beautiful.


This is a really cute comfortable dress!  This is out-of-the-norm for me in clothing purchases, but I LOVED it and so glad I did. The purple is a great color!  For reference I am 5/6, 125 lbs with 34-36B chest.


Omg I absolutely love this dress, hid every imperfection of my stomach however made me look amazing and feel even greater. *flattering I need all colors. I normally wear a large but after ordering and the top was too lose I replaced with a medium which was perfect.


