I'm a little disappointed with the quality of the dress.  But I wore it cause when it came in the wedding I was going to was just days away so didn't have time to send it back the stiches on the lower half was not done very well and I had to use fabric tape. So I'm a little unhappy with it but I still rocked that dress at the wedding!


I said somewhat large--it seemed to nearly fit but it was so irregular that I couldn't keep it. It looked misshapen. Discouraged me from ordering clothes from Amazon altogether.


The fit was great, it worked well for my curvy body/hips, and it's a safe bet LBD that can be worn for a night out or dressed up for a cocktail event if needed. I like that you can wear the too in a few different ways, making the dress look like multiple styles of dresses. The price was unbeatable. What's not to love?


Definitely worth the buy. I'm 5'7 185lbs & wear sizes 12/14. I ordered a large & I must say I fit very well. It's a Snow White color so of course you have to be careful when wearing, overalls good quality.


Looks exactly like the pics.  Didn't find the dress to be that flattering (and my friends commented the same).  As a plus sized woman, the large "wings" make me look bigger.  I did order a size up and could have stood to be one size down, but I don't think it would have made that big of a difference.  Wish I would have returned it, but waited too long and now I'm stuck with it.


I love it, I'm 5'2 bout 240 and I ordered a 2x and fit perfectly not too tight not too loose, I took the risk and ordered 4 different colors at once, love them all might be ordering more colors


I bought this dress to wear to a wedding. I order size large i wear size 10/12. im a 38D.. the dress fit perfect a tiny bit big but it was good..


I got lots and lots of compliments...


Very cheap, I tried to iron it on very low heat, due to it coming in wrinkled and I was on vacation. It melted a big hole on it. I barely even touched the dress. Never got to wear it. Disappointed! It fit great though, when I first tried it on. Wish I could of enjoyed wearing it out.


I wear this on my husband's birthday with some $100 shoes and boy did this dress pop! I think even with cheap shoes this dress would still look good. I got so many compliments that day I felt bad because I felt like I was taking all of the attention on my husband's day... but he said that I was his favorite birthday gift anyway..lol  oh and the best part is that it covers all of your bodies imperfections while still showing off the curves that you love! I would definitely buy this dress again.


I'm 5'10" 240lbs. Followed the size chart based on my measurements & ordered XXL. Smaller chest, big tummy & hips. This dress was extremely flattering. Can be pulled down a bit or scrunched up for desired dress length. Accented the good, hid the bad. Definitely going to be buying in a couple different colors.


