I received it today and it fits perfectly. I'm a XL dress size 16 and I ordered an XL. It's really pretty and sexy without looking too revealing. Perfect for the confident look I was hoping to have for my upcoming cruise.


I have been losing weight, and should of ordered a smaller size.  I'm going to wear off the shoulder, and no one will be able to tell it is a big.


Iove this dress!! I am a little chunky 5'6", 190 and I feel very sexy in this dress. Fits comfortably and I've gotten so many compliments. I bought three colors including one for my sister. Definitely recommend


It's incredibly soft and looks just as advertised. It's SO comfortable and the material is very lightweight. I got the navy blue and I didn't have to worry about seeing through the dress to my underwear.


Pleasantly surprised. Material is kinda shiny and cheap looking, but it holds up well. I am 5’7” 140 lb and I ordered a medium- I usually do large but this fits perfect. The drape around the neck is elegant and also hides all the problem areas. Personally, I’d avoid the white. The material is so thin, I feel like it would be see-through. Overall, I’d recommend it!


Very pretty shadeof green. The length is a tad short. The top ruffle part can be worn up, lowered to the shoulders or one arm out ... one thing.  I would iron with a cool iron because it's quite wrinkly from the bag.


I ordered a size 1x. The fit was perfect! I absolutely love this dress and received so many compliments on it! Definitely would order again!


Looks as sexy on as pictured.  Fabric is a bit different than I expected and I wish it was a little more flowing but regardless it is exactly the look I was going for.


Haven't worn out yet.  I like it and it is a great color of purple.  I know it is supposed to be form fitting, but seems a little smaller than expected.


looks great on, way nicer then I expected in truth ha ha... fits well, feels good on and looks great !! love this dress !


