This review doesn't mean that the dress is not nice. I really like it, the material is soft and of good quality; however, please note that it doesn't suit all body types. I am petite and this style: off shoulder and with big triangular accent front and back that reaches below the tummy -- does not suit my body type. It looked like I am covered  by a tent. I am returning this and will change to a more suitable design for my body type.


Not stylish as I expected. Girls can buy a size smaller than usual, and the color is actually light red.


Design is nice, but fabric is cheap and rough sewing job, so the product looks like a badly made costume. Also it's somewhat large for a size I ordered which makes it look even worse.


Would make a great summer dress if was made out of nicer thinner fabric.


Purchased this dress in black, XL and wore it today.


I'm 5'11 and curvy. The fabric is thin, too thin. The dress fit very nicely, however the length was a little on the short side for me. Throughout the day I continuously needed to conspicuously pull the bottom of the dress down.


No need to return it, I can work with this. I did however purchase the same dress in blue, from a different vendor. Love it.


Most of this offshore clothing runs small, I ordered a size larger, 3X, and it fit well, as expected.. The skirt is a little short but I can live with that.


The material was pretty thin. The cut was not what I expected, and the seam looked pretty cheap. Darn it, I wanted to like it.


This fits my daughter very well and looks very nice on her shape. The material is a bit thin and you can see darker colors through it so you may want to get a slip for under the skirt.


Looked like a tent on me


It's looks cute on other people but on me it dosent look good and I thought the matieral was soft like legging type but it's not don't like the matieral that it's made of and It's cute and big on me I gave small thighs and but and my stomach is bigger so dosent look good ok me and it's kinda off love and the ruffle is kinda big and I don't like how it looks on me


Super comfortable! I love the versatility of being able to put one arm out or off the shoulder. Although the draping is rather large and a little overbearing, it drapes really well over your problem area. It may be because I am 5'2". So perhaps if you were bigger or taller it wouldn't bother you as much.


