I got the small purple dress and was very self conscious because I felt like I was wearing a poncho or a tent. The material on top of my shoulders was very thick and heavy it was as long on my arm as a 3/4 sleeve shirt. It looked to be at elbow length on the model when hanging off shoulder I was expecting elbow length when I wore it on both shoulders.Based on expected height difference. It didn't feel "sexy" and it looked how it felt the it the "poncho" towards the middle was only 2 or 3 inches from where the dress naturally fits which is mid calf. It could stretch past my knees but I bought it to be a modest short sexy dress and that wouldn't fix the fact that I was wearing a poncho past my waist covering all my curves. The dress underneath is the look I was going for, if I trim the top part about 6-8 inches it would be exactly the look I was expecting.


I was so confused on sizing and even though some people gave their size they left out the size of the dress that fit. Small was very long on me. I am 5'3" 140 pounds, via Atkins so my weight is oddly placed mostly just baby gut everything else is toned but still curvy where it counts. 32DD and a size women's small sometimes xs top, women's size 2 curvy petite oldnavy jeans are the only thing that fits me perfectly.


The dress had ALOT of room as I said I could stretch it another 15 or so inches to my mid calf and that room could have gone either way,  so sizing is very generous!


The hem line was not sewn properly.  There is no stretch.  I previously bought this dress in pink and it is perfect!  I loved it so much I bough the purple.  I am disappointed in the hem around my legs and wish it stretched.


Package came on the same expected delivery date , after reading all the reviews I bought a size medium... I'm 5"3  curvy from my waist down  ,the dress fit  perfectly, I got a lot of compliments that night, I recommend this dress you won't be disappointed


I was very hesitant to buy this dress but when I saw the reviews and then tried it on I loved it.  I didn't give it 5 stars because I had to return it and get a smaller size as the off the shoulder look kept falling down.  Excited to get the new one and wear it!


I love this dress!  I bought it to wear on a recent trip to Aruba.  It is super comfortable, very flattering and so easy to stuff into a suitcase (love the poly material for travel clothing).  I am not a petite woman and I felt like this dress was flattering for me.  I plan to wear it very often now that the summer months are approaching.


Fabric is a weird material and way too big. I went off what was told and around the chest was huge, but around the hips fit. Weirdly made. Bought three :(


Looks great... good quality for the price. I'm 5'7" 195 lbs and 3 months pregnant I ordered a large it fits great, and hides my little baby bump


I love it


This dress was not flattering on me so I'm returning it. The bottom part was cinched and reminded me of an 80's right mini skirt, and the top had so much material that I felt like I was dressing up like a super hero with a cape. Unless you are super skinny, you'll risk looking pregnant in this dress.


As others have said, this fits well and is comfortable.  I am 5'6' a size 6 and got a Medium, I could almost take a small but thought that I needed more length.  It would pack well and covers mommy tummy.  Love it.  What a price


