Very disappointed in this company... but I guess if I ordered a $20 dress get what I pay for... I used to believe that until I purchased several clothes for cheaper and the quality was much better than this.... I purchased this dress and cleaned it and now there are stains that appeared out of no where that NEVER was there... so this is a very very cheap dress.. by the time you waste your time getting this dress you could hav just spent $30 more and got a much better quality.. not worth and I will not be ordering from this company again..


Save your money. The people writing good reviews either were paid for them or are on drugs. If you really want the dress I recommend wrapping yourself in a vinyl tablecloth, it's cheaper and it will be MUCH more attractive. You're welcome.


I will be returning this but it isn't a horrible dress. For me I was looking for something to cover up my postpartum body. I am now 185lbs and 5"4 I ordered an XL. The dress fit fine but it was too big on the bottom so it was loose, the dress just did not look good on me. However if I was maybe taller and didn't have big boobs and maybe had a bigger booty it might look better. The quality seemed pretty good, it was a different materia than I thought but still good quality. I added a picture because I know they are always helpful for me.


I am 5'2" tall and currently about 190 lbs. I used to be very thin and I recently put on a ton of weight. I've been trying to find something stylish that hides my chub. This dress did just that! It was sexy and sassy without being too revealing. I got tons of compliments on it. It is very comfortable and well-made, too. I purchased the XL in the green color.


I HAD LITTLE HOPE FOR THIS DRESS. BUT I ORDERED AN EX-LARGE AND HAD MY DRY CLEANERS DO A HARD PRESS AND ....I LOVED IT. I WAS AFRAID I WOULD SEE DUPLICATES OF THE DRESS, SO I ALTERED THE OFF SHOULDER LOOK AND WENT FOR A OFF "ONE" SHOULDER. IT WORKED FOR ME.


The dress arrived a day earlier than I expected. It didn't have a weird smell: it actually smelled fresh. The fit was spot on. I currently wear a 12 and I purchased a LARGE. The shoulder area is a LITTLE big for me, but that's an easy fix. However, I was a little disappointed with the color of the dress: it's WAY brighter than it appeared on the computer screen. Had I known, I would've purchased the NAVY, and probably would have ended up with the shade I was actually going for. BUT the dress fits well;  it looked good on, and the hubby loves it (minus my exposed shoulders.....it's SHOULDERS. Lol!), so I'm keeping it. I'm thinking of ordering 2 more: one white and one black. :) I would have given this 5 stars had the color been what I was expecting.


I absolutely love this dress! I have them in red and white. I’m 5’5 and 150 lbs. I got a size Large and it fits perfectly. This dress magically hides my protruding belly. It moves well. It rides up a bit when walking.


I am so self conscious since gaining weight so I never wear dresses! I took a chance based on reviews and ordered anyway. I'm now a 14/16 on a good day with a problem belly area and am a 42DD.  I ordered a 3xl and it is perfect. This dress hides the area I want to hide, and looks great on. It has ruching on the sides and front which makes it very forgiving and the dress is SUPER stretchy. I actually could've gotten a 2xl but wanted to play it safe. It comes right above my knees and I am 5'8" just to give you an idea. I got black but I am going to order again in green and in pink!


This is a very versatile dress because you can wear it so many ways. Off one shoulder, off both shoulders, up on both shoulders. The only thing I found a little disappointing was the stitching. It was a little off on the part that comes down to a point in the front and back. It causes the fabric to pucker. I got it in black so it doesn't show a lot. It really doesn't wrinkle for travel, which is plus.


I felt sexy. Great fit!!!


