Its cute but the fabric is meh. It's like thin bathing suit material. Small fits kinda big. I'm 5ft, 115 lbs. I suppose it can be jazzed up with the right accessories and shoes, i.e. I pinned a brooch on one shoulder to give it a more polished look. Strategically hides any figure flaws and is comfortable. Won't return but wouldn't buy another one either.


This dress is soooooo cute. I ordered a XL and it fits great. I could have went with a large. The style is comfortable and the cute is great. The best part is that if you have a stomach the top hides it. The rouching on the sides is a nice feminine touch. I will definitely order in more colors. It's good for all body types


This dress is EVERYTHING. I was worried about getting it but it made me feel sexy and it covers my problem area. I haven't worn it out yet but when I do...I will be too hot to handle. I like that you can switch the shoulder options. I'm 5'6 212lbs and I ordered a large because it's stretchy.


Hope that helps!


I bought This dress for a  all White Affair


I must say The dress shows all My curves .


I received so many compliments .


Based off other reviews, I ordered one size up; but wish I didn't. It was a bit big. I ordered a large & I typically wear a medium. Nonetheless, I super comfortable in it! Sexy! A covers the mommy pooch! Extremely complimentary of any body type. The ruffles are a bit long, best for women who are well endowed.


Loved this dress! I got a lot of compliments for this. I'm 5'4" 135 pounds and Medium fits great! Amazing design wit enough coverage on tummy area that was what I was looking for! Super sexy dress for all body types. Material is very soft and comfortable. I bought one in black as well! Very happy with this purchase.


This just looked cheap to me, I ordered it in white and it was see-through and the elastic band around the top looked horrible. I saw some of the ladies pictures on here but I don't think my dress looked like that. I returned it.


Really comfortable, and I love that you can wear it on or off the shoulder or even as a tube top dress! I wore it in the winter and it wasn't as flattering on me as a lot the reviews state it is, but maybe it will be more flattering  when the weather warms up and I can wear it off the shoulder.:)


Very comfy and sexy...love it...2xl


This is a cute dress that is forgiving due to the ruffle which covers the belly issues I have. The fabric is cool, stretchy, and clingy, accentuating womans curves in all the right places. I bought the large, and it fits great! I am usually a US Womens 14 with a 38C bust. I know i will get a lot of wear from this dress; and since the fabric stretches and clings, it should continue to fit as I continue to shed pounds and inches on on my weight loss journey!


