I like it


I LOVE IT!! I couldn't wait to try it on and now I can't wait to find an event to wear it too. I'm 8-10, I got this in a large, perfect fit, it's soft, nice fabric qualty and as some of the viewer said, it hides the belly flab. Color is perfect. I will be getting other colors.


Never received my initial order (red off the shoulder and) I had to re-order, but got only the red one on the second order.  I have a purple one just like the red one. It's a cute inexpensive dress.


Just a little short.


Pretty dress. Surprised by good quality!


The quality is nice.  I ordered it a bit big because I'm losing weight, but it fits now... And even better in a month when I got my goal.  I'm 5'4 200lbs I ordered an XL.  That fits you'll love it.


Love it!


I bought it for a friend and fits her very well. She’s wearing small.


Ok.  Now I don't normally wear form fitting dress but this dress is a cute party dress and it flatters and person due to the 3 different styles you can wear the dress, on shoulder, off shoulders, or just 1 shoulder.  The size is nice for my height and weight, 5'8.5 and weigh 170 and I'm top heavy 36DDD and wear size 8-9 jeans.  So it's giving and hide the little tummy area, and flatters you body in every curve.


I'm 5'2" and 120 lbs. The small was just tad too big for my taste. If they offered an extra small I would've have definitely exchanged for the smaller size.


Quality was much better than I expected for the price point.


There's rouching on the sides which is a nice bonus especially if you're on the shorter side.


I bought this as a gift for someone. So not sure what it looks like on. But it came very quickly. It looks like the picture. I bought the Red color. And it is red...but it did seem to have a semi hot pink hue to it. But i have poor lighting . But it was still a nice Red color. Very strechy. I went back and fourth on size. Between small and medium. And finally went with the medium. My advice would be if u in between sizes and u want that tight butt hugging kind of dress. You may want to size down. It is already a fitted type dress so go with u measurements for a regular close to body hug fit


