I bought this dress for my lady love, who is a very petite woman. Sexy, and petite. I mailed it to her house as a surprise. Within 1/2 hour of receiving it, she had sent me a dozen photos and profuse thanks. Bottom line:


SHE LOOKS FANTASTIC in the dress. It's classy, she loves the leg she can show, and was floored by the on-the-shoulder off-the shoulders look. She looks just plain sexy, and promises to model it in person ASAP.


Sounds pretty damn good!  Thanks for the quality, price. Delivery runs excellent!


Kevin


Wow so impressed ! Love this dress.  I’m 5’2” 170lb after reading reviews I got size L . It is perfect. I’m bigger on top with narrow hips I ha e a hard time finding the right fit. This dress is perfect not to loose around the hips and I’m able to adjust the shirt higher or lower without a change in how it fits. The top hangs in a nice flow. Covering my trouble spots. There are so many ways to where it. I will be able to where during the day with leggings, ans dress it up at night for a cocktail party. Love it!,, I will be getting more colors.


Material and fit awesome.


I ordered the white dress in a medium to wear to my friends 40th all white birthday party and it fits perfectly. It can be worn off the shoulder or one shoulder.  I wore it as one shoulder which i took pictures of the dress worn both ways.  I will definitely be ordering this dress again but in a different color.


This dress is amazing!!.. absolutely love it..... the ruffle is low enough to cover my stomach and it looks and feels great!!. I will be purchasing more colors in the future!


Feels and looks like cheap bathing suit material. Fit fine,


But it's thin material and is kind of shiny and slippery like a bathing suit without the hold-in power of a good swimsuit. It looks like you bought it off the $3.00 rack on. Ick.


Major sad face.


I just didn't like it. Appeared really cheap looking.  I didn't even try it on, I just returned it right away.


Material is better than I expected and this dress is sooo flattering! I'm going to order in another color!


The material is good for the price. It’s just a bit of a weird design - in person it looks like you’re wearing a curtain on top of a body con dress, so I won’t be keeping it. But the quality is good for what I paid so 4 stars


