Beautiful dress!!! I never post reviews but I had too. I was a little scared to purchase and when I opened the package i was so upset. The material looked a different, for lack of a better word, and the dress initially appeared to look cheap. But it was cute when I tried it on but I still wasn't satiafied. I wanted to be super cute for my birthday and the all White party & i didn't think this dress was "The One". I even considered getting another dress but once I put on my accessories and shoes and got dolled up, it was beautiful. I got soooo many compliments and people asking where i got my dress from. I'm a big girl 5'2 and 173 lbs and full figured but this dress hides everything. I attached a pic because it was gorgeous!! I will be ordering other colors!


I am in love with this dress! I am about 5'6", weighing 130lbs. I normally wear a small in top size and medium for bottom so I was a little skeptical about ordering a medium in this. While it is a little big up top so the one shoulder way doesn't really work for me, it was perfect but I could probably go small. Very stretchy.


Im 5'4, 185. Bought this dress for a white party. I ordered a large and It fits perfect! I had a baby 4 months ago so I'm still working off the weight. This dress is sexy, yet covers the mid section. I store my weight in my legs, hips and thighs but If you store weight in the tummy, you may wanna go up a size. Anywho, im Loving this dress!


I love it


I love it, but I did a detail tie the shoulders and really work because it looks different and more youthful, it was very easy: just tie a string to tie it on the shoulders and look like another style.


I love this dress! I have a bit of a baby belly from five kids, so I was looking for something that helped flatter/hide that area, and I feel like this does. I feel really feminine and pretty in the dress and think it's great for all body types. I love the different ways you can wear it too - over both shoulders, off both shoulders, or under one arm. The skirt's length adjusts pretty easily so you can wear it longer or a lot shorter. It's not a mini-skirt. It's like a sleeveless dress with the drape attached to it at the top. The material is giving and super comfortable! When I was looking to buy it, I really wanted to see the red dress on someone, so I'll post photos of me in it in case anyone else wants to see the color, as well as what the dress looks like under the top. (I am wearing shape wear cause I always do for my belly and had it on when I put this on, but I think this dress would do fine without it the way the belly is covered). It's a really flexible dress that I think can probably adjust to almost all body types. I'm 5' 3.5" and 125 lbs and got a small.


It was everything I pictured and everything I am Magent! Quality is great if it is fantastic! I weigh 150 pounds and I'm 5 feet tall and I got a medium. It was perfect for Easter and I bought it in white black pink and red because I loved it's so much! I wore the pink one for Easter and I even doubled it as a shirt for the crawfish boil after church it was perfect! I got so many compliments both at church and at the crawfish boil!!


Top is is a little big and lays flat but overall happy with this dress! Fits really well..bought a large I'm 5'8 175lbs


Oh my goodness buy buy buy this dress I can't believe how gorgeous and great fit designed just right to cover fluffy tummy I I have. I wanted this super sexy dress for my first year Anniversary of marriage to my awesome hubby who bought it for me. Plus new year's eve celebration night on the town. I'm 5'4 220lb which my news resolution loose the weight but until then I'm so excited to wear this gorgeous mini sexy in a body on I don't even have to wear a waist trimmer do to the way the top layer flows over the front and back long enough to hide my extra fluffiness lol. BUY YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED!!! I wasn't paid for my review I just wanted others to know how Awesome this dress is.


Thanks so much. MY dress came yesterday in the afternoon. I love it. We will do business again soon


