I loved this dress and plan to buy it in black also


I was excited that this dress arrived so quickly. However, when I removed it from its packaging, I noticed it had a white spot on the front on this purple dress. Very disappointing.


This fits perfectly and is so comfortable. It looks good off the shoulder or even as a tube top look. It is very short and fitting to your body so I wouldn't where it to church lol.


I love the style of the dress but hate the material, it feels like swimsuit material and is very heavy. I am 5 4 and weigh 140 lb. I ordered a small and probably could have ordered an extra small.


no complaints... fits as expected. I could've got a size down cuz the material stretches but comfortable. I would buy again


I'm 5'7 209 pnds n order an xxl


def buy a size or two up...mine fit just right and i wear a 14-16 & i brought a 2x


This dress is so comfortable and so flattering .. the material is a thick jersey type material it stretches but doesnt get weird and shiny . I knotted the front and it was cute that way too... I am going to buy it a size smaller in black..  I got it in pink and it looked beautiful with my pearls.


I was so excited when I received my dress.  I tried it on, and it looked fabulous.  When I wear out (soon with my girlfriends), I will post a pic.  I'm loving the look and feel.


This is a great dress. if you want a dress that's covers your belly but still has great lines and makes you feel good. Buy this. It runs a bit big (5'8" 135lbs). I bought the large, I think a medium would fit better. But I'm keeping the dress anyway.


Also, you can pull of the skirt and make it a mini skirt or wear it longer. Lots of cute options.


I was so extremely happy with this purchase. The material was super soft. I've never bought a dress sight unseen so I was very hesitant. The color was beautiful. All the pictures posted were spot on. The dress was made of good material so it didn't ride up. It stayed in place. I really couldn't be happier with this purchase.


