I never write reviews. This dress fits perfect.  It covers in all the right areas and accentuated my assets. I just had a baby and wanted to cover my belly but still feel sexy. This did the job and it even covered my arms. Just came back to order another one in the blue for a wedding. I have the red one and it was super comfortable and dressy. With some nice jewelry and shoes it's a hit. Go for it.


I purchased this dress after carefully reading the reviews about size and it was perfect. I wanted it to be a little big, so I went with what would have been my normal size (L), and it was just as I had hoped. Plenty of room and no issues of being too tight. Just make sure that for your pictures you have the front draping fluffed out (not flat) if you want to hide extra tummy ;) The fabric was better quality than I expected as well, and it was soft and comfortable. I purchased red, but may go back for black, too, at such a good price. Now have a friend purchasing the white one based on my good experience. Will see how that fabric turns out, as white can be see-through. Overall, I am quite pleased with it.


This looks very nice on me. The off the shoulder ruffles hide any problem areas. Extra large-scale have fit nicely but only got XXL to ensure it did not cling my stomach. The material is just ok but it flows nicely. The price is perfect.


Packaged perfectly. Just had to iron out a few wrinkles and it was ready to wear. Fits perfectly and design helped to hid tummy along with still looking sexy and feeling comfortable.


I love this dress! It is very comfortable and looks great. It was a hit when I wore it to a night time event with sparkly shoes and necklace. Flirty and fun. My only warning is that if you are going to do a lot of dancing, it will ride up as you move. Other than that, it is a great dress for a great price. Nice for a date night.Just don't wiggle/shake too much on the dance floor if you don't want to show too much legs, LOL.


I hate dresses in general... however,  if I have the need for one I would recommend this one. The fabric was as comfortable as it could be (for a dress anyways) and the size chart is very accurate. I  ordered a  small and it fit accordingly.


So flattering. 5’4 about 165 here. Size large. 38dd


I love that this dress can be worn many different ways. I wore it with one arm out of the sleeve and with both arms out of the sleeves. I also cinched the sleeve part up to the shoulder area and paired with leggings for a different look.  I believe I read all these ideas in other reviews before I purchased the dress, but I tried them all and they look fabulous!


The fabric was surprisingly thick and not flimsy and cheap. The dress fit perfectly snug. I was  able to wear this dress to an all white affair and be comfortable the entire night.


I needed it for a party that was on the 22nd of July and I loved the style so much that I ordered 4-dresses just in different color's and I really love it I had to wear the white dress because it was a white party but I had a blast.


If I get the chance I will get more color's it worked for me and I'm so happy.  Thank you for your help and keep up the good work.


