In my opinion, it's running a little  bigger. However,  I needed so I wear it. It is confortable, looks great and could be used with different combination or event . After the first clean it convert into a mess, so be careful it is a delicate fabric.


Its OK but the fit around the shoulders was awkward. Too large even with larger busts.


This would be a great dress if the material didn't suck. One wear and the pattern started falling apart :(


This dress is really nice.  I got it for a funeral to be nice and classy and it was.  Comes just below the knee.  Just know to wear a slip if you're in the sun


Its perfect fit,Very good texture, color and very comfy. The only reason i gave it four stars was because of late delivery when i ordered on prime account and it said garaunteed delivery but it was late. Rest all looks great.


The texture/pattern of this dress made the neckline look super weird. Also, I didn't enjoy the material, it's extremely thin where it isn't textured. Overall it just looked to be of poor quality when worn, mainly due to the odd texture/neckline combo.


Bought this dress last minute for a wedding that I was attending and it was perfect. It was thick enough so that you cannot see through when in light, but thin enough to not die mid August at 4pm in AZ weather (outdoor wedding.) Sexy, modest, and classy! Very form fitting which is exactly what I wanted and beautiful Navy blue color. Couldn't have been more pleased for the price of the dress! Would definitely recommend!


BEAUTIFUL DRESS, VERY SEXY.  A TINY bit see thru but only because i was looking closely, otherwise the material and fit are great!!


This dress is the bomb! I am a curvy 5' 10" (40-31-45) gal and it makes me look awesome instead of lumpy. I am going to buy it in more colors since it goes from work to evening very well. I wear it at work with a blazer and for after hours events it can be swung around (wearing the back as the front) for a more plunging neckline.


Cute dress and I wish I could give a higher rating however it came with a unilateral rip right under the busy line. Material is such also it couldn’t be repaired.


