Gorgeous!! Thick material, flattering fit. Deep lovely colour. 100% satisfied!.


I am 5' 10'' this dress was much shorter than I expected. Being tall I was assuming it would be shorter on me then the model but it hit the middle of my thigh.... kind of disappointed


This dress is so nice it fits perfectly. I like that the length is adjustable, I am 5 feet and I can pull it up to knee and it is not obvious but I can where it longer for a different look.


I was very hesitant to buy a dress online when my event was just 4 days away but seeing as I just had a baby 3 weeks ago shopping was nearly impossible. I read a lot of reviews on this dress and people seemed to like it and the price was just right! When it arrived I loved it immediately! Oh my gosh this dress is so comfortable!! I wanted something that looked elegent for a wedding but that still allowed me to feel comfortable because again I just had a baby so the last thing I wanted was a super tight dress. I paired it with nude/tan necklace and shoes. I will say I have never received so many compliments on a dress! Everyone commented how beatiful it was and how soft it felt. I had numerous friends ask if they could borrow it in the future too. I still can't believe the price and the incredible value! I will wear this dress again for sure and still just absolutely love it!!


The stretchy material makes the dress fit really well. I'm 5'8/135 lbs and bought a Medium, it was a great fit. I shortened mine a bit but the original length is good too.


Bought a small, I usually wear size 4 petite,  this fits perfectly, compliments all night, good price for the quality.


I love the fit of this dress. This dress fits perfect and true to side. I would recommend this dress.


This dress was a great quality! it was a little tight and i bought a small and I am a size 4/6 in dresses like this. Still very happy! :D Its also comfy and easy to wear!


Don't normally write reviews but I seriously love this dress. Like others I reversed it si it was lower in the front. It hides my bra better but still is stunning. I paired mine with a belt. I seriously cannot wait to wear this dress. I feel amazing in it.


Wife is 115 lbs, petite, 4'11 maybe 5' on a good day. Purchased the small. Fit perfect. Went to a semi formal event with this dress on. Many compliments. Definitely a great and classy, not to mention affordable.


