It's a bodycon dress and if you are larger in the midsection I recommend black shapewear for the blush dress. Nude peaks through, but the black doesn't. I'm 5'1" and the dress comes just below my knees. It does not hug your legs at the bottom. It can be worn with the tag in the back or in the front for a lower neckline. The blush is a true pastel pink the texture makes the dress a tad bit more flattering and just gives a nicer look than a plain spandex dress. The fabric, like most bodycon dresses, is unforgiving, so order a size or two up if you don't want it to absolutely hug your body.


I love this dress and Color was perfect lots of people complimented me on the dress. I ordered size small I am about 123 lb and 5 ft tall.


This dress is amazing and the quality is surprisingly well made.  The texture on the dress takes it from blah to bam.  It really insinuates your natural curves and make you feel wonderful.  I am 5'2, 168lbs with an athletic build.  I bought a medium.  I love this dress and I have received lots of complements.


Let Me Tell YOU!!! I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this Dress.  I ordered this dress to wear to a wedding and it was better than I expected.  I am 5’1’’ 120lbs and the size small fit perfectly. The price is so amazing for the quality of this dress.  It has a lining but you may still need a slip under it depending on the color you order.  The compliments I received on this dress were too many to count.  I’m thinking of ordering this dress in Black!!!!


I would give this 10 stars if i could. Needed a dress for a fall wedding so i had this shipped over night and came one the day. Im 5ft 3in at 125 lbs. I ordered a small and it fits perfectly. I had a lot of compliments and ppl didnt believe i got it from amazon. One thing i did differently was wear my dress backwards bc i wanted it low in the front.


Great dress for a party!


I'm 5'11.5" 160 pounds 36B bra. Normally around a size 10 (US).  I ordered the medium in Burgundy, it fit GREAT, was plenty long enough that it came over my knees (easy to ruche if you want it to be shorter).  The dress pulls over your head, no zippers to worry about. Fabric is stretchy. The shouders were a touch tight on me but that is totally normal for me. I had no issues with it and wore the 'sleeves' exactly as shown on the model in the photos.


I wore it to my company holiday party and got a ton of compliments.  It was super comfortable. It is pretty revealing as far as hiding any tummy you have. I paired it with a pair of 


 which were perfect to hold my little tummy in for a smooth slim look.  The fabric has those horizontal lines as shown in the photos, their raised for texture, very nice and helped hide a few of my tummy lumps.


The back is lowish cut but I had no problem wearing a normal bra, the straps never showed.


I wish I had photos from the party because everyone told me I looked like a knock-out in this dress. For the price you can't go wrong!


At first I was concerned with the material.  Then when I put the dresses on I was happy with them.  They are a little largly cut in the arm area, but I am fine with it.  I am 5'5", 130 lbs and 34 DDD. The medium was looser fitting than I wanted.  Your size will vary depending on where you carry your weight. The small was snug, but not overly tight. If you do not carry your weight in your torso (stomach and back), I would try the small.  There is a good amount of stretch in the dress.  I plan on ordering another color.


Update- I am now 6 months pregnant and this was the only dress in my closet that fit me! And still looked fabulous! So happy with this buy.


Amazing dress! Fits like a glove.  I just wish it were a little thicker material but for $20 you can't beat that. I bought a medium and I'm 5'6" 135lbs


I absolutely LOVE this dress.  I am an athletic 5'6" 135 lbs, 34B, order a small in the burgundy.  It fits very beautifully snug, if I weren't in shape right now though, I probably would have gone for a medium.  I loved the texture to the dress, I wore a shapper under so you couldn't see underwear lines, however, I feel like the texture would have hidden them even without one.


Amazing dress! It hugs your curves on just the right places. I am pear shaped so I ordered the Large (size 14 in jeans)  in Wine.


