This dress was terrible on me.  It didn't fit well, and was very thin and cheaply made.  The swoopy design on it made it look like a maternity dress. Definitely got what I paid for here...  The only plus is that the return was simple and refund was quick.


This has been sitting in my closet with the tags on. I pulled it out and found that it's coming apart at the seams. It's literally been tried on 3 times. Not happy with the quality.


My favorite online purchase this dress


Couldn’t wait to try it on at my jobs bathroom


Fit so sexy and shapes my curves is amazing I’m using it tomorrow for my works Christmas party. :)


Super happpppy


Buy it is worth it.


The dress is beautiful. I probably needed an extra small as it is loose around my lower back. This could also be because the dress is reversible.  Some of the other reviews mention a necklace, but it does not come with one. Order well in advance because shipping takes a long time. It's lightweight, stretchy and very comfy, perfect for a hot summer day. The pattern hides quite a bit but panty lines may still show. The company messed up my order and it took forever to get,  otherwise would have been 5 stars.


Loved this dress. I  purchased the burgundy or wine colored dress I liked it so well that I also bought the black in the same dress I would highly recommend this dress.  It's a great  date night dress going out dress party dress cocktail distress is very fashionable and chic


It didn't fit the way I expected it to, maybe I just got a size too big. I didnt like the way it fit around my breasts and I honestly wasn't too sure which way to put it on at first. I had to double check. Still rating it 3 stars because the fabric was great and it came on time and in great packaging. I'm still a little undecided on it honestly. I'll check back in later.


Beautiful colors and soft material. I am 5'4 100 pounds and ordered a small. I am exchanging for a medium as this is very tight in the chest and tummy area. Other than that I love the dress!!


I'm 5'7 and 165 I purchased a large, probably could have gone with the medium. But I assumed there would be some stretch to the dress. It's comfy and stylish. Very forgiving, can see any imperfections in the tummy area. It's also a good length--top of knees.


This dress fits well (I ordered a size small and I am 5'7, 130lbs). The color and cut is also true to the pictures. For me, the dress land just right about the knees which is exactly what I was looking for. The material is stretchy but fitted and overall hugs my body in the all the right places. The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is that the material is slightly thin. I haven't had a problem with it being see through since the color is deep but I just wanted buys to keep that in mind if it was of any concern. Overall, a great fitting dress for many occasions!


Love ❤ love ❤ this dress. I'm 5ft 9in 256lbs,  I purchased a size XL and it fit perfectly.  It came a little past my knees. It hugged every curve perfectly.  I would definitely recommend this dress


