After no luck while dress hunting for a wedding I read the amazing reviews and took a gamble. Phenomenal dress, well made and at such a low price it's a great find. Trust me, buy it.


Perfect!


Great dress for the holidays and Valentines. I ordered a size up since I dont like things too snug. Im wishing I had stayed with a Medium though. Im 5'5" and 150lb, 34DD/36D. The material is a little on the thin side, but Im not bothered by it. Great dress though for the price.


I like the material of the dress but the fit was not for me.  I normally wear a 10/12 so I ordered a large.  Skin tight from the ribs down but the top portion was really loose (5'6, 160 lbs, 36 D bust).  Not a fan of skin tight due to the office environment I work in.  Might be a good dress for a night on the town but I will be returning it.


This item is very poor cut. I have a small chest but the top of this dress was very baggy on me. The dress is not see-through BUT it has a very cheap feel to it.


Bought for a wedding, its a bit long on me (only 5'3) but expected that. The material is so comfortable that I didn't want to take it off


Wow wow wow. All of the compliments were mine in this dress. I am 5'4 135, athletic build 36-28-39 and I got a small. This dress was so flattering! I also like how you can wear it backwards and it still looks good. The textured fabric really elevates this dress!


I usually get a small - it was way too tight. I ordered a medium and the bottom fit, but the top was too loose. This dress is made for curvy women.


Love it!  It's super comfy and I get so many compliments when I wear it to work. I pair it with a mustard cardigan and belt to dress it down a bit.


I'm 5'11" 190 and the medium fits great.


Wore this to a wedding and got complements from the bride!! This dress is extremely figure flattering and the design helps hide flaws. The fabric is breathable and super comfortable. I will wear this dress again in a heartbeat! It can also be dressed up for a night out or worn to the office.


