Love the dress... im 5'5 about 180 lbs....i ordered the large but returned because it was loose around the arms and around the knees... and even with that the dress had more stretch room


Very cute dress, and nice quality as well. However i do recommend to order a size down if your uncertain. I am 5'4 and 130 pounds and the dress was a bit roomy. I love the style, color and quality. I would buy from them again.


The dress is very nice and I love the way it looks on however...I did notice at the time I was wearing a white bra that it could be seen through the dress. Which is an easy fix but I deducted a star for this. I'll just wear black. I got my correct size so no issue there and I am 5'6 and the dress did come a little past my knees. It is a very beautiful and flattering dress. Can be worn as a simple outfit or dressed up.


It hugs every curve but it feels like I'm wearing nothing at all. I will wear a slip just because the color is light and I want to make sure my under garments aren't obvious but it's a beautiful dress! My husband LOVES it.


This is a very sexy and flattering dress for dinner or party. I'm 5', busty, curvy and I got a size medium. I got large in the color GREY but because the dress is stretchy, medium worked well. It will show all areas of the body but the color black makes it flattering.


Dress hugs your body wonderfully and I love the color. I turned the dress backwards so its lower in the front and you cannot tell at all.


4 stars instead of 5 because it is very thin material.


I ordered 2 red dresses for the holidays.  This dress was at my door in 2 days.  The other purchased through Amazon Prime is scheduled for delivery between Dec. 9 and January 15!  Not what I expected with Prime.  This dress fits perfectly.  I'm 5'2" 118 and 34D and ordered the small.  Fits snug but not skin tight.  Material is thin but with a body hugging slip it is no problem.  My package came with a free necklace as a special gift and it is really cute.  I will definitely be ordering again.


It's ok, runs big, I'm 5' 4, 170 lbs right now and small fit perfect, snug not tight. I bought for a smaller person, but had to keep it since it ran so big. arm cut outs are a little big too. A light color would be pretty see through.


Got it for my graduation. The fit is great. The neck is a bit lose and stretchy but I still love it.


I am crazy about this dress! I got it for a wedding coming up soon because I just couldn't find anything else I liked. The material is thin but surprisingly strong and lays nicely. The subtle design makes it a little easier to conceal trouble spots, but I will be wearing shape-wear underneath to make sure everything is looking good. The length is very nice, comes right to my knee. I also appreciate that it's reversible and can be worn backwards if you wants a little bit of cleavage. This is definitely a dress that hugs the curves so if you're looking for something more forgiving, I'd look elsewhere, but pairing this will some shape-wear will do the trick! Love the price too!


