Good for the price.


The quality of material leaves something to be desired. It's HIGHLY stretchy which means it has no shape of its own; you provide all of the structure. You will definitely need shapewear to pull this dress off. The side seams do not naturally line up vertically. You have to be sure to spin the dress around every which way until you can get both side seams completely vertical. Not sure if those seams will stay put all day. The sleeves also sit a tad awkwardly. You kind of have to stretch them into place to sit appropriately over each shoulder. I also fear my bra straps will peak out from the back. Not the top of the shoulder, but around my shoulder blades due to the wide back.


I'm a fan of the textured, almost ruched fabric. It makes an otherwise boring dress interesting.  The boat neck is flattering and the low back is still high enough to hide my bra. This dress accentuates my hips but minimizes my breasts. I think it's something to do with the pattern; it's not due to the fabric compressing my chest. Remember, the dress is SUPER stretchy. Eh I don't have much boob anyway.


I'll be keeping it but I feel like you get what you pay for. It looks and feels lower quality to me. But I suspect others won't be able to tell as easily.


I'm 5'5ish;  115-120lbs;  27" wasit;  36-37" hips


This dress is actually very cute!  It amazes me that I keep getting these cute dresses at such a cheap price and the quality is actually ok!


The back has a tiny bit of a larger scoop so I'll be careful to not let my bra show.


I'm 5'6 and 180 and got the large


I'm 5'4", 108 lbs, and ordered a size medium. It fit almost exactly like the picture, and was surprisingly soft. The shoulders are a little wide for me, which is saying something because I have very broad German shoulders--but it's not noticeably large. It was also NOT sheer; I specifically ordered the blue because the red was supposed to be sheer (unfortunate, because burgundy is my favorite color), but the blue is beautiful. It is slightly lighter than the pictured color.


Probably the most comfortable fitted dress I have ever worn!! The material is light and soft and the textured lines are very cute and flattering. Love!!


I bought this for my boyfriends birthday dinner.  He loved it.


The material is thicker.  I love the neckline and the lower back...  very cute.


I bought a XL


I'm a pear'ish hourglass


185 lbs. /. 5'5


38C on top


14/16 on bottom


I ended up returning this item after shopping it on Amazon Prime Day only to discover that it was like, $4 more than average price ($19 vs $15).This dress saved the day for an upcoming event, but I felt that it lost its shape pretty quickly and was about a half size larger than it came out of the package, unworn. It is definitely a bodycon dress, which I didn't love but others might. For the material and fit, I was happy with how it looked on and I would say if you're a person with curves, this dress is more flattering than most bodycon dresses. The cut gives it the illusion of being more business appropriate but I don't know that I would have been comfortable wearing it to the office (I wore it to a cocktail party), or at least not with the type of attention it would draw.


I am 5'2, 129 lbs, with wide shoulders, small breasts, bony hips and thick legs. I know, weird. Anyway, I bought this to wear to a wedding and purchased the burgundy in a size small. It fit PERFECTLY and is extremely light, stretchy and comfortable. The pictures really don't do it justice, it looks much better in person. Another woman was even wearing the same dress at the wedding! I got compliments like crazy all night long. It does have a low back so you'll need an accommodating bra for that. The hem was just below the knee on me, exactly like in the picture. I suppose you could buy a larger size that what the size chart says to purchase if you want a looser fit--the small fit how I wanted, body-contouring but not sausage-like. It does show every bump you have so if you or the underwear you'll be wearing are bumpy (and you care about that) you'll need some shapewear underneath. I really couldn't be happier and I'm going to try to figure out a way to be able to wear it to work with some shred of modesty. Only downside--the material is fragile and my just-manicured and filed nails brushed against it it did tear the tiniest bit. It's not noticeable in those couple of spots but you need to be really careful not to snag it on anything.


I'm 5'7" and ordered a medium which fit a little bit bigger than expected but wasn't too bad. It was perfect for my holiday party!


Omg this dress is amazing.  Im 5'6.5" and 130lbs. 20 weeks pregnant. I bought a size Small because of the stretchy material.  I will be able to wear this post partum no problem.  Its a little big on my shoulders, but going to have my aunt sew it a little tighter. Still wearable. It was a little tight over my belly but of course thats expected since I'm almost 6months. But not tight that i couldnt breathe. Def gonna order the other colors.


I was nervous about ordering this dress as i didn't want it to look cheap! This dress is soft and comfortable AND it fits great! This was a very pleasant surprise and I cannot wait to show it off! I am 5'4 and 140 pounds and the medium fits perfect. Don't wait.. Go ahead and order it now!


