Love this dress it feels so soft it hugs my body I'm 5'4 150 pounds it definitely shows your curves.


Horrible quality. Wore the dress one time and it's going in the trash.


Love this dress!! Bought it to wear to a black tie event hoping it would look more expensive than it is and sure enough, it did. It fits exactly like it does on the model and looks beatiful on. It fits true to size and has some stretch.


Great dress. Fit well. Stretches and feels very thick. Not see-through. Length is nice - classy. I love how the dress can be used for several different occasions.


Absolutely in love with this dress! Fits true to size. I'm 5'7 165lbs size large fits me perfectly with comfort!  No problems with it being see through and it's very flattering to my curves. Color is as it is described. Also, it's very affordable.


I'm 5'9" and 128lbs and I initially ordered a small but it felt too tight so i traded it for a medium. I LOVE IT SO MUCH! It is so classy and the length is perfect and the low back is sexy. It's such a great dress. The "design" on the fabric is very flattering. I just ordered it again in a different color!


This dress is fantastic! Its thin and super stretchy, hugs those curves like a glove. I love the length, over all I would say its sexy, but not slutty! For 22.00 you can't beat it! I could see how depending on the color, it might be a little see through, so darker colors might be better. I am 5"4, 34D, 27, 37, and got a small, so fits as expected for me (I usually wear a 4-6 sized dress).


Ordered a small, I have wide shoulders and this was still baggy in the shoulders unless I wanted to pull it down so far that the neck line was showing a large portion of bra... I have a short torso, 5’2” 108lbs and very small chest.


Super cute, but I had to get a larger size as it was a tad bit to tight.


It seems like a pretty nice little dress. Nothing fancy, but it works.


P.S. Apparently you can wear it backwards too lol


