This dress has quickly become my favorite!  The color is beautiful and the design is unique and so flattering.  It's also incredibly comfortable!


Definitely a body con dress, so be prepared for it to be snug. For the price, this is a great deal. No zippers, so you do have to shimmy it on. The texture makes the fit more flattering.


I really wanted to like the dress after seeing other posts, but the color is not as stated. It's not a red, it's a pink. I purchased both blue and "red". I returned it. I kept the blue, still debating though. I wish it was a little thicker material. It's not totally see through or anything. I tried on the blue it fits perfect, but at the armpits it's extra material and I would have to have it fixed. Need to try it on again and decide whether worth fixing or send back. :(


My second order of this dress. I now have one in blue, and one in maroon. Easy to dress up, super comfortable, and the length is fabulous. I'm really don't like short dresses these go to my knees! Wore the navy blue for Christmas Eve.


great dress! good fit. stretchy. not too thin, but I still use a slip underneath. received many compliments upon wearing it to work. back comes down a bit low, for my preference, so I use it with a blazer.


Great dress! Beautiful wine/burgundy color. The material is very stretchy for larger parts (for me chest and hips).


I'm 5'6 120 lbs and this fit great. It's a stretchy material and comfortable. However, washed it once probably in too hot of water and messed up the material (my fault) other than that it's a great dress.


For the price great dress!  I took another persons review and did wear it backwards, either way the fit is spot on!  The fabric is a little sheer but the texture keeps it from looking see thru..  Would def buy again!  I ordered a medium, I am 5'7" and 145, 36C, hope this helps!


This dress was amazing on. I'm 5'8" and 120lbs. I ordered a small and it for like a glove. Hugged my shape beautifully but it has stretch so I can breath. Tons of compliments. Wore to a funeral but a perfect night out dress. I saw that it could be turned around for a scoop neckline but I preferred it worn as shown.


I received so many compliments on this dress. It is flattering, and hugs all the right curves. if you are stuck between sizes I say go with the smaller size because it does have some stretch to it.


