I am 5'9 with a 30 inch waist. I wanted to try waist training with dieting, exercise, and teatoxing. I ordered a size Medium which is meant for a 27 inch waist but it fit so comfortable. It's tight and it took some time to put on but once it was on it fit comfortable and I am able to even sleep with it.


I could have probably went with a medium but I don't like super tight dresses. This has a slim fit but it's not too tight and restricting at the bottom. I think it's a dress perfect for every body type.


I have an hourglass figure. 5'11 & 170lb. If you have a c or d cup you can go with a large otherwise it might be a tad loose on the top.


Dress is horrible. Does absolutely nothing I mean nothing for my shape. This dress is a waist of money.


this dress started falling apart in the first hour I purchased.  Elastic started breaking through.


*I received this product as a promotion for my honest unbiased review; to give an opinion on.* When i received the dress unfortunately it was in the wrong size. This was not the seller fault whatsoever. Actually, I contacted the seller and received a very quick response and an apology. I contacted amazon and unfortunately they were unable to exchanges sizes for me. I tried it on anyway so I could give everyone my honest opinion of what I had to work with.


This dress is TRUE TO SIZE; do not order up a size. With most of the clothing purchases I make on Amazon I always order up with this dress order the size you most often wear (small, medium, large, extra large)


This dress is so very soft! The craftsmanship was great! Often the clothing I get is poorly constructed I felt like I could have got this dress at Charlotte Russe or Forever 21 and spent much more money on it.


I also like that it was long; I have very long legs. I often have a hard time wearing these body con dresses for just that reason. I am getting older I really don't think it's flattering having to pull a dress down 100 times.


It has a great pattern detail!


It came with a bonus necklace! Score who doesn't like an added bonus!!


I will be hopefully ordering the correct size when I make my return to amazon. Otherwise, I am very satisfied with the quick response of the seller! I'm very excited to keep this piece in my wardrobe!


Fits perfectly


THIS DRESS Y'ALL, IS SO GOOD! I mean it's soft as butter, fits like a glove and the little bit of rutching or texture or whatever disguises anything you want disguised. I'm 5'10 and I'm 195 lbs and I looks and feel like a sex bomb in this thing. My husband also loves it but that's beside the point. You cannot beat this for the price. And it's decent quality; you can't even see my bra through this thing which is impressive, as I'm a 34GG. LADIES GET THIS DRESS!!!!


Very fitted dress that feels SO comfortable.  I did notice a couple of snags after just wearing once.  I will have to be careful what I sit on.


I am really surprised by how much I liked this dress... I bought it to go out for my friends bachelorette party and fell in love. It's super flattering and can be worn shorter or past the knees. You do have to adjust it a bit while you wear it, but it wasn't super obnoxious.  I did have a seamstress lower the neckline on mine, so it does look a bit different than other pictures, but that's because I bought it to wear out on the town.  Killer deal, just saying. Pretty sure I'm buying it in another color!


I absolutely loved this dress and received so many compliments. I did switch the back for the front because it was more comfortable for me and you couldn’t even tell!


