I am super shocked that this is soo baggy for a body con dress.. I ordered a small and i have a lot of loose material around my shoulders and stomach.. Very pretty though color is not true to what they are showing.. I do have to say this dress looks sooo much better backwards. You don’t look so stiff and feel suffocated. You can make it as low cut as you would like too.. The material is way better then I thought. I was thinking it was going to be a thick riding up spandex. Over all very nice dress. I am 5"6 115 if that helps


So I bought this dress, expecting it to be "see through" so I bought the medium therefore the dress does not have to stretch too much. I recently (15 months ago) had a baby and have had difficulty finding dresses that make me feel "sexy". This not only looks great but feels great and the "swash" in the fabric distracts from what "bulges" I have. I must say, I love this dress!


Followed the sizing chart for the product and the dress was huge.  The material is way too thin and there is not zipper so it's pull over your head.  This was returned.


I am always worried about ordering clothing online but this worked out well.  I'm 5'5", 135 lb, slim to athletic build and probably could have even gone a size smaller.  The pattern helps to conceal little lumps and bumps us women see but no one else does. It's super comfortable but does tend to ride up a bit, nothing too serious but it definitely won't be staying below your knees all night.  I believe the instructions specifically suggest dry cleaning but I just threw it into a cold cycle with like colors and air dried it.I did not to this.  I haven't had any issues with quality, before or after laundering.  This is definitely my new favorite little black dress, very versatile.


I am so pleasantly surprised by this dress. The material is good (not see through) and it fits great. Especially for the price. Out of all the dresses I tried on at the store - this is the one Im wearing to a wedding this weekend.


I love this dress! I am 5'7" and 178 lbs with a little extra junk in my trunk so I am somewhat skeptical of bodycon dresses because they tend to show tooo much sometimes. However, this dress made me look awesome. The slight detail hides body imperfections while giving a sexy silhouette. I wore this for our 2nd wedding anniversary dinner and I got lots of compliments from my hubby and other people in the restaurant! I ordered an x-large because I like to have a little room if it shrinks in the wash. Overall, great product! I will probably order another. Also, the seller was awesome! There was a thank you card and a bracelet, which was really nice. The little things do count :)


Wow! Loved this dress. I'm 5'8, 155 lbs, with a fuller chest and a MEDIUM worked out perfect for me - so size chart was pretty true to life. I went with Navy and it was beautiful.


I think what I liked most about this dress was the ribbed texture. It disguised any panty lines, pudgy, or dimply areas that most form fitting dresses tend to highlight. I'm the heaviest I've been in years and was worried about picking such a form fitting dress, but felt like a 10 once I had it on - my husband agreed ;) At $30 you can't go wrong! Planning on purchasing this dress again soon in a "fun" color.


I loved this dress but it was way too tight. I ordered the dress based off the size chart but it was still too small. Otherwise I think the dress would have been great. The material was comfortable (thought tight) and the color was exactly what I wanted. I recommend this dress if it is your style, just make sure to go up a size from what you would normally buy.


I got so many compliments on this dress . It was a last minute order for a work event we had. Fit was perfect . I ordered a medium and am very curvy so it snug around all the right spots. I am 143lbs 34DD and 41 in hips


I am 5’9” 140 Lbs and usually wear a size 8/Medium. This dress is really comfortable and fits nicely. I ordered a small in the red and a medium in the blue. Honestly both fit nicely, if you didn’t want skin tight the medium is a little less form fitting, but still doesn’t look baggy.


