Awesome dress!! Bought it to fulfill a bridesmaid role and got so many compliments. I’m 6’, 160ish lbs, and normally wear a 38D bra. Bought a large in this and it fit really well. As a fellow bridesmaid said ‘it hugs you in all the right places’.


The dress is super stretchy and comfortable. I love the funky lines or ribbons of texture on the sides that give it character. The pink color didn’t wash me out as much as I thought it would. Although given the parameters I had to fill for the bridesmaid role, I didn’t have a choice.


I did notice that it had a few snags on the fabric (easily fixed) and it was a tad see through, so light colored undergarments only. But I would totally recommend this to anyone looking for a cheap dress for an event.


I like the material this dress is made of. Bought it to wear to a funeral. Fit perfectly and looks sharp. My only complaint is that it was hard to tell the front from the back. The tag is on what I assumed would be the front due to the scoop-like neckline, however that's actually the back. The front of the dress has a higher neckline with a plunge in the back. I tried the dress on both ways and I guess if would have worked either way. In the end I opted for the higher neckline based on the occasion for which I bought the dress. The wavelike pattern gives the dress a slightly more polished look although it also makes for a some uneven areas on the hems. Overall, the dress looks great and worked well for my purposes based on the price I paid.


I absolutely ADORE this dress...oh.my.gosh!  I was completely speechless when I took the dress out of the package.  The material was fantastic—it is soft, stretchy, and well made.


I have a tiny “Kangaroo Pouch” lol and the design completely concealed it all while accentuating each of my curves.  This dress is well-made and just absolutely beautiful, I will be coming back for the pink one.


After thoroughly reviewing the pics (Thanks Ladies!) and the reviews, I settled on the size Small. I am 5’2/130lbs/small up top/curvier at the bottom.


I recommend this dress for sure!


Dress fits perfectly. Falls just at/above the knee. The materials is thin, but unless it is super body-hugging you won't see through it with a light skirt. Fabric is very soft and comfortable, moves beautifully with you. Crafted well with no issues in the stitching. Ordered a Medium and it fit exactly as expected.


I bought this because I needed a nice dress to wear to my cousin's country club wedding and let me tell you I LOVE it. The fabric is so nice and soft, and even though it's a form fitting dress, it doesn't make you feel squeezed to death at all. Range of movement is a little limited, but no more than you'd expect for a dress that stops at the knees. I still could and did dance the night away in it! As a form fitting dress, it does show off some lumps and bumps that you might have (I'm a mom of 2 so i do have a bit of a tummy) but the rouching helps to hide some of that. I wanted the neckline a little lower, so I did like some others on here and turned the dress around. Seriously, if you're debating on whether or not to get this dress, go for it! You won't find a better priced or more comfortable dress.


Dress size I bought: Small


Color: Gray


My measurements: 5'2" tall, 120 pounds, 34C bust


Fit: Perfect!


I was looking for a product to wear to my husbands work Christmas party. I scoured several stores looking for the "perfect" dress and was even told by my husband that i "wasted 2 1/2 hours of his life in Kohls" looking for that dress and came out empty handed.


After coming across this dress at first appearance it was exactly what i was looking for! I felt that dress was sophisticated enough to wear out to a cocktail party at a formal event. This dress is also revers-able with a low scoop to show off the "girls" for a night out on the town.


I purchased this dress in a size Small and i am glad i did! After reading the reviews it looks like this dress runs large. I am about 5.3" and 135 lbs and curvy, this dress makes you look phenomenal and the texture on the dress helps hide any of the insecurities. This dress fit like a glove and i couldn't be more happier with the fit of this dress. There is also a stretch to the dress so it is very forgiving.


I also ordered this for overnight delivery and felt the cost of shipping was fair and the dress arrived to me in time for the event.


I am 5'3" and 115 lbs, 32F bust. The dress fit me in every way that I expected, including length, BUT!.... The sleeves were horrendously fitted to the outfit. The sides by my bust gaped wide open and the sleeves threatened to fall off my shoulders every time I moved. I am literally going to have to unpick all of the stitching and change the way the sleeves are set into the rest of the dress to make it even somewhat tolerable.


I like the style and the material of the dress.  The fit around the shoulders and sleeves were horrendous and will take a lot of sewing to fix.


I was in a pinch and needed a new go-to black dress. Three days before flying out for an event, I decided to order this and hope for the best.


It delivered! I love the modest high neckline, but elegant low back. The stretch allowed me to feel comfortable, but did feel a little tight at times.


I ordered a small. I'm 120 pounds, ample chested and 5'4". This hit just below my knees, covered all of my bra at all times, and didn't ride up, though it did feel a tad tighter than I expected. I wouldn't order a medium however. Just didn't expect something with so much stretch to feel so tight.


I'm buying another one in a different color for an upcoming wedding. *edit to add* I bought the brown one and reviewed it too. I like the way the black fits better. The black is more fitted throughout the shoulders and hugs around my armpits. I am pointing at this area in one photo.  I was disappointed in the way the brown fit there.


Beatiful light pink color. But This dress is extremely see-through. I can even see my tattoos under the dress.


Very wide on the top and lose. And way too tide on my little but.


Looks good but is transparent.  I can't wear this to work as I was expecting. Cant go out with this. My husband will feel complete disrespected.


This dress is Ah-mazing!  Let's start with the material which is not too clingy but fits in the right places. Also, I am constantly challenged by the right length. Being very tall (5'10"), this is the perfect length, about at the bottom of the knee. Let me say that I am not big busted (36B) but if you are there is plenty of room in the bodice of this dress. Plus, the back comes down just far enough to wear a regular bra. I would note that I ordered an XL, due to my height and wanted it to comfortable. I normally wear a size 12 dress. Very classy and expensive looking for this price dress. A winner!


