it is very thin material, but it has a pattern/texture that works!! It has a shape that helps it sit on your body. I wore a strapless corset under it and that looked amazing! I could pull the small cap sleeves off my shoulders to have a more elegant look. Those who say they wore this to work must work as a hostess in a bar! This is a very sexy dress!!!


I had read about this dress on a buzzfeed article and was planning to go out last night (12.9) & wanted to put some effort into going out. I thought for the price (& that it was return eligible) it was worth a shot. I have to say I love this dress! It was delivered quickly & fits very well. For the first time in a long time I actually felt cute!


As others have said you can wear it backwards as well - I tried both and I liked having the lower cut in the back. The dress was long - hitting below the knees - however it hugged in the right places.


I am 5’8, 186lbs, and 2 months post partum and an XL worked for me. I will be ordering more in more colours!!


For the price ,this is a great buy! The ribbing helps accentuate the right curves. The fabric is soft and comfortable.  It definitely is tight. If you are on the higher end of a size on the size chart, size up (for example a small says fits sizes 4-6, if you're a solid 6, go up to medium or invest in heavy duty Spanx), especially in the chest area.


Really cute and elegant. Great length. I find it tends to run just a bit small. I'm 5'4 and 116 lbs and found it snug. Very elegant. Got it in the navy blue. Arrived quickly, nice material, nice length. Material is stretchy. Please note I am 4 months pregnant in this pic.


According to size chart, I should have gone for M, but I followed advice from reviewers and picked L. So happy I did, since it was still body-hugging, never mind about people saying it'll be too roomy if you get a bigger size. You want a shapely dress, not a second skin. I got the coral pink color, and it's beautiful, just like the picture. Will wear at a friend's wedding.


This dress was pretty in color but the material was thin and very, very stretchy.  It felt like I put a giant leg warmer over my body.  The material was slouchy and I didn't like the top/shoulders.  I just didn't feel "right" in it.  I am 5'7, 126 lbs and normally wear a size 2.  The size small was accurate in my honest opinion.  Again, it fit fine but the material was too cheap-made for my taste.  In this case, you truly get what you pay for.


I wasn't a fan of the material so I returned it.


I love this dress. It fits perfectly snug. Im on average a size 10 and i ordered a medium. It was not tight by any means. Still had plenty of streach left in it. At first i thought it might be too big. But after wearing to my friends wedding I decided it was perfect. Great leangth and comvertBle to wear all day.


I did end up wearing the dress backwards and snipping the tag off. I decided the intended front was not low enough for my liking. Flipping it around was perfect.


Perfect for work, I wear it all the time. Bought it in three colors. Fabric is stretchy but not cheap looking. It is form fitting, but the fabric is thick enough that it works. Not see through at all. Neckline is gorgeous. Length is great.


The dress seemed to fit well; however, I did not like how thin the fabric was. I felt like every bump and curve I have was exposed because of the tight fit of the dress and the thin fabric combo. I decided to return the dress because I did not feel comfortable in it.


I really really like this dress! I have muffin top issues - bad, and the texture on this dress helps hide it. It’s comfortable, and a not-too-thin material. I love that it’s fitted all the way down. Like others on here, you can totally reverse it (I didn’t wear it that way, but tried it) and it doesn’t look weird. I definitely recommend!


