This dress is cute! The style is flattering to my figure, even with a muffin top, nothing a spank won't fix. Material is light, not see through, I ordered black. It's a modest length, sexy and classy! I'm 5'4", 160lbs, a good buy for the price.


This dress is way too large on me, and is made of cheap material. I am almost 5'6", 112 lbs, with an athletic build. I have large bones, and the bottom half of me carries most of my weight.  With that being said, I normally have no problem filling out dresses, but I'm swimming in this dress. However, this dress is not even worth altering.


Love this dress. Gained a little weight and wasn't sure what size I would be. The rouching holds in my tummy pretty well. I have hips and a big booty.  I read the other reviews and settled on a large. I am 5'10 and 180lbs. I've attached some photos. I want to order different colors.


Love this dress. Wore it for a wedding and got so many compliments- its very summery and perfect for semi-formal occassions as well as casual which was nice. The material is light but a very good quality. I have quite a few dresses that I've paid more for that don't feel as high quality as this. Like others have said, the loops for the sash are very large and it's better to just pin the sash over the loops. The only issue I had was that it cuts very deep in the front and I had to pin It up to make sure I wasn't falling out. Overall, a great purchase, would definitely buy again.


When I first got it I thought it would be too big but it fit and it's snug FYI


 I ordered a med and I'm 5'8 137 -  it comes right below the knee - and it's not snug in an uncomfortable way -


It is just as it looks. I absolutely love it and am so pleased with this purchase. I ordered a medium and I am 5 '9 about 140 pounds and usually dresses are always shorter on me. This one was the actual length that was to be expected. I also received a free necklace in the package with the dress. I thought that was so cool and such a nice touch!


Get a size larger than you need as it does run small. Very comfortable material though


This dress would have been perfect except that the neckline in the back plunges quite low, about mid-back.  The front is very modest though.  The length is great.  I would definitely suggest a body shaper slip if your figure isn't perfect because the thinness of the fabric reveals everything.


I ordered this in 2 sizes, L and XL.  I am average height 5'5 and more to love.  I usually wear a size 16 in pants because I have lots of curves and this hugged them in all the right places! I was able to keep the L so that was nice too.


It literally fits perfect. You cant see through the dress and it really just flatters your body. I got size medium. I have a 28-29 waist and I am a full 36C. Medium is perfect. Buy this dress its worth it and you will be pleasantly surprised.


