I absolutely loved this dress. I received many complements throughout the night. I was a little apprehensive at purchasing it because I am a size 12 on the bottom and a medium on top because of my small waist but I went ahead and purchased a large and it fit perfectly!


I love this dress. I love that it's stretchy and yet still shows your shape. I ordered an extra large as I'm bigger up top. A little snug but nothing the right undergarments won't fix! It feels very nice on. It's got great movement as well. Very cute. I'll be wearing this out on the town very soon! It has nice texture as well. I did receive this at a discounted price for reviewing it but I would purchase this again.


I love it, i wore it for Christmas dinner 2016


and its very beautiful.


Size Small


This dress is a bit tight when bought according to the size chart, not uncomfortable tight, but not work appropriate either. The dress has some stretch so the sizing is forgiving. The material feels cheap, but hey it's a cheap dress so what do you expect. It looks great on and I got a ton of compliments.


This dress fits great! It is so soft and comfortable. I usually buy a-line dresses because I am more hourglass/pear shaped, but I wanted something more sophisticated for a fancy wedding I am going to. I would recommend wearing some kind of shape-wear under the dress because it is form fitting and thin around the stretched areas. I ordered the burgundy and it is lovely. I did catch a snag with my fingernail while pulling the dress on, but I just took some sewing scissors and cut off the snag and it looks like nothing ever happened! I am 5'5" and around 160 lbs (give or take some because of monthly fluctuation), and like I said, more pear/hourglass shaped. I normally wear an 8 or 10 in pants and small or medium in shirts, so I ordered the medium. It fits perfect and the length is great. I can't wait to wear this to a wedding!


Absolutely loved this dress!! Fit perfectly and arrived on time. Might even buy more in different colors.


i'm 115lbs,  a little over 5'1" and it fit perfectly.. looks very elegant . i love it


I feel beautiful in this dress.


Just got my dress size small 34c 136lbs 5'6' love it not see thru great fit!!! Navy color fits great no lines behind me! Really love it!!!


Really cute form fitting dress that is very flattering for someone with muscles and curves.  The fabric is very nice and it looks more expensive than what it is.


