I don't like the feel of the material but I love the style of the dress. Looks good 5'3" 170 lbs.... 39 hips, 29 waist, 34B/C bust (Vey curvy). I haven't walked around in it, so I don't know if it will ride up but, I'm excited to wear it.


This dress is not bad. The design was sitting on my body in the wrong spots. There are some sort of wavy lines design. So one wave on my belly looked like I had a huge belly. Just not for me.


It was way to small fits like a girdle that my granny use to have lol....Meanwhile, It is was a beautiful color but had to send it back ....It runs really small so think about it before you buy it unless you are a prime member lol...


Love this dress i gave it 4 stars because I think the material is a little too sheer and I will need to wear a slip underneath. Other than that the quality is pretty awesome for the price. Very form fitting. Im 5'5 135 36B and bought a Medium which work out perfect.


This dress is so great classy and chic. Really happy with this product. I did order the same dress in different colors. I am 5"9 and 145lbs and I ordered a Medium - S would have been fine as well


I truly loved this dress... as long as I was standing still.  But the moment I began to walk around, it rode up in the hips.  BUMMER!!! Because it was so gorgeous on.  I am 5'4" 118 llbs and 34 B in the bust.  I ordered the Medium.  My hips must be just a little too wide for this dress.  I went to a wedding and saw another lady in the same dress and it fit her perfectly.  She did not have the same problem as I did..


This did not work at all for me.  Not at all.  I looked like a somewhat overweight prostitute (and I don't believe I am either).  I am 5'8", 150 lbs, size 36G.  Just didn't work for me at all.  No slight on the dress, but certain dresses aren't made for every body.


I was super surprised at the fit a quality of this dress given the cost.  The pattern is very flattering and the fit hugs the curves the way it's supposed to.  The size chart is accurate. The fabric is sturdy and breathable, you can't see thru it so no worries about embarrassing exposure.  It's also stretchy, so you can move, dance and cross your legs comfortably.  I only wish it came in more colors.


The material of this dress is super comfy. I like the wave detail in the dress. My only complaint are the sleeves area of the dress do not quite fit as expected but not off enough for me to not wear the dress.


Pretty thin material bordering transparent. It is VERY fitted and will show all imperfections and bulges. The color is nice and like the texture of the dress.


