This is a beautiful dress. It fits as expected. The quality is good. it's flattering because of the ruching in it. For reference, I am 5 5 and 135 lb. and I got a medium. I would have given this a five-star rating except it has no lining in it. You will have to definitely need to use a slip or add a lining. The back is also quite low, but would work with most bras that are not racerback style. Beautiful and flattering dress! Would be perfect for a bridesmaid dress!


I am in love with this dress. It's one of the first form fitting dresses that really made me love my body. I'm a curvy girl and it looks wonderful on me! It's super smooth and the detailing makes the dress look incredible. All my friends love the dress on me and I wore it for my college graduation and was perfectly comfortable the entire time! I ordered a medium and it was actually a little loose on me. I'm normally a size 10 and wear a 38D in bras.


AMAZING LBD. It fit just as it was pictured and was very comfortable. The material is textured allowing you to adjust the length without looking bunched up (and also hides any areas in your midsection that you don't want the dress as tight around!) I wore it for 10 hours straight and never had a problem with it riding up or losing it's shape. It says to hand wash, but I threw it in with my darks and air dried it and it came out fine. I'm 5'5" 125 pounds and the Small fit nicely (if you don't mind a snugger fit!) Definitely worth the small investment!


I LOVE THIS DRESS! Fits perfectly. Hugs in all of the right spots and accentuates curves. It is fitted but isn't uncomfortable in the least bit. The dress is slightly see through, BARELY, but wearing a thin slip or even bike shorts should do the trick. That's just my personal preference though. The material is breathable and light so I don't feel hot or itchy like when wearing some materials. The bonus necklace is a plus, too! Very cute! Not sure that I would pair it with this dress, but it's a cute accessory.


I received sooooo many compliments with this dress!! Hugs all of the right places. I took one star off because it does tend to snag a bit easily which is something you need to be careful of, but at only $20 for a dress I wouldn't mind ordering a replacement if needed. Love it! I'm 130 pounds, measurements are 32-27-35 and I ordered a SMALL and it fit perfectly, I wouldn't go any larger, very stretchy.


Nice dress but not for me - I got a medium in it and it was okay but it didn't fit that great, I think I should have gotten a small? I'm 5'5, 110 lbs, 34 B bust, 27 inch waist, 34 hips and wider thigh bone - more of a slight pear shape (as hard as I work against it :-))


The dress had gaps in certain areas on my body and again, maybe a small would have done but I hate skin tight.  The design of the dress is pretty but it didn't feel right or feel that comfortable on.


This dress is so cute. I ordered a small (my usual U.S. size) in the grey color, and it fit just right, not tight at all. Take note, it's hard to see in the photo, but the fabric has a prominent wavy texture. I think the dress would be too plain without the waves. The material is very soft and comfortable, as in, you could wear this while traveling. I didn't have any issues with the cap sleeves being floppy, as some reviews stated.


I ordered this dress for a wedding and I'm very satisfied. It's skin tight but still has stretch to it. After reading other reviews I ordered a small. I'm 5'4, 164 lbs, and a 34DD.


This dress is awesome! It hugs your body and hides a lot of flaws. The material is not necessarily thin but, it will snag if you have more than 3 glasses of wine! So bring a set of cuticle scissors with you. The dress Is the perfect little black dress .I am a size 6 and I ordered a small, it's perfect it falls right at the knee.( I'm 5'2) With the right accessories it's very classy! It is my Audrey Hepburn dress!


When it comes to purchasing clothes from Amazon, I have had the worst experience but i was in need of a sexy black dress asap, i decided to give it a shot and i'm happy i did! This dress is very sexy and oh-so forgiving, will buy other colors.


