This dress is extremely see-through


I loved


This dress is amazing & very flattering. I bought an XL and it was perfect.


Loved it, it was what I expected it.


Love this, our can wear it 2 ways!


Beautiful dress but a little big on the shoulders.


This dress is absolutely stunning.  This is actually my first bodycon style dress - typically I avoid them due to my figure, however, I absolutely love the way this dress looks on me.


First of all, the sizing is incredible.  Generally, when ordering on Amazon, you need to order a size up.  I didn't have to do this with this dress.  I was concerned it wasn't going to fit me because I am a US size XXL (18) and the larger size they have is a XL - this dress actually fits incredibly well.  It's a bit of a struggle to pull on, because it is a tighter dress, but once on it fits great.  Plus, it's not too tight or constrictive due to the cut, it's actually really comfortable and pretty stretchy.  And even though it is stretchy it doesn't stretch out while wearing and lose its shape, it stays form fitting.  Honestly, the material is incredible.  It is soft and really comfortable, it also has this great texture to it.  I wouldn't go so far as to say it is a pattern, but it has almost a mock ruffle texture that really adds to the appearance of the dress.


A feature that I really like is the fact this dress is sort of reversible, not like you can turn it inside out, but you can wear it backwards and it still looks great.  If you wear it one direction you have a decently high collar that keeps you from letting your chest hang out - making this dress more appropriate for more elegant occasions.  Or you can wear it backwards and the neck dips down pretty far making it a bit more risqué.  The length of the dress, however, is very modest.  On me the dress is just below knee length, I am 5'2", which I think is an absolutely perfect length for a dress.  Even being as short as I am, typically when I try on dresses they are still far too short for my taste so it's really refreshing that this one is such a great length.


The construction of the dress itself is really nice.  All of the seams are well done and the material is of a great quality.  I definitely don't think that this dress is going to easily break down from normal wear and tear or washing.  It's certainly not cheaply made.


-- I received this product at a discount for my honest & unbiased review. My review & rating are based on my experience with the product. This product earned its rating. –


So comfy and stretchy


Beautiful ''


