I love the dress! I am 5'2", 140 pounds and a 34DD. I purchased the black and the pink in a medium.  I wore the black out on a double date with some strappy black heels.  Hint: I turned the dress around and wore the back in the front...It looks amazing that way! I gave the pink dress to my daughter she's 19 and she loves it (backwards, too)!


Got like a glove and managed to be sliming at the same time. Color was very rich and it arrived on time. I wear it frequently and it washes well.


I love the dress however, I received a damage dress. I was very disappointed and the sad part is I just received the dress today, August 10, 2017. I had to reorder this dress from a different vendor.


Very flattering dress. I am 5'10" and it was the perfect length at just above the knee.


Beautiful color and dress, fits like a glove!  Perfect for work and a night out


Absolutely loved it. I just had a baby. I have very large breasts and love handles, but it hugged my body so nicely and hid all of my insecurities. I would wear a cover or something to shield my milk makers. I wear size 10 pants and a large top right now. Both loosely. It would fit now and after I shed baby weight. I am 5'6" and 175. No doubt it will fit when I am back to 155. I bought a Medium.


this dress is really strange. it fits weird on the shoulders. It does come below the knee but its super loose and baggy. this dress is more for super skinny people who are 6' tall


Pretty dress but the top of it is quite large. Purchased a M then a S both were rather large on the top.


This dress makes me feel so sexy! Im 5' 10 and about 200....( yikes..... its mostly muscle!) And this hugs all my curves just right and its not too thin to be see through. Had I sized down to a medium like I thought about doing, it would have probably been too thin. But I have no complaints, shipped quickly in great condition and fits amazing! And the material is SO soft!


Im 5'7" and 200lbs with 38D. I bought the large and it fits perfect. I love this dress


