I can't say enough good things about this dress. Ordered it 3 days before a wedding because I'm the worst procrastinator, but with Prime it came right on time. I ordered the black and the maroon because I couldn't decide, but the maroon color was gorgeous and perfect for a fall wedding. The dress stretches so it's perfect for all body types and super comfortable. My boyfriend couldn't stop complimenting me all night and he couldn't believe how little I paid. He told me to keep the black one too! Definitely a must-buy if you're on the fence.


Very thin and flimsy. I am a size 2 to 4 typically, I ordered a medium because of how snug it looked like it would be but it was too loose. My fault. However,  the material is so thin and flimsy that if it was as tight as it is supposed to wear (bodycon), then it would have looked awful. Only $16 and you certainly get what you pay for...


This dress is described as red IT IS NOT it is pink and the material is not as described, it is thin and very see through


I needed this for a party Saturday it just arrived and it is not what was promised


Way too big for me, ordered a size S but it still fit me quite large. Gave it to a friend and she liked it. Nicely made and color is pretty.


Sizing is off, the size small is extremely large. I am 5ft and 122 lbs and it was still large. the fabric is thin cheap material. Returning product asap.


With all the glowing reviews I had to buy this dress, med prom was coming up and I thought it'd be perfect. It has free returns so there really wasn't any reason not to. When the dress came, I threw it on and it was immediately evident that the sleeves were different lengths. Also some other people commented about how thin the fabric is, that's also correct. Just understand what you're getting into, it's a 25 dollar dress.


I ordered every color available because it fits comfortably. I can wear it as mini or midi. Thank you.


Great little black dress.  Covers what needs to be covered but still has a sexy look and feel about it.


My top is much smaller than my bottom so i always have sizing issues on clothing. In order to make sure this would fit over my rump and hips i ordered an XL which is snug on my lower half, but it is very loose up top. The neck is very wide like a boat neck and unevenly cut, which i think is a fabric issue not size, and the armpit openings are very large and do reveal a bit of extra skin that i would rather not expose. Overall you get what you pay for and i needed a long black dress i could wear to work and this works just fine. I am tall and this hits just below my knees making it work appropriate. The cap sleeves make this cardigan optional since it gets very hot at my work.


The dress fits well maybe tighter than what I like but it is my personal preference. The fabric is soft just slightly thinner than what I imagine but it is not see through. Overall satisfy with this purchase


