SO CUTE!  I'm 5'3" so it comes down a bit more to my calves then it's probably supposed to, but it's a friggin adorable dress.  I weigh around 110 lbs, and it fits perfectly up top - not tight but not loose.  Love the pockets!  Looks great with a pair of flats.  Easy to dress up with some jewelry and a belt around the middle.


Love this dress! I am 5’1 and 150lbs Gad a baby about 9 months ago and this makes me look and feel skinny. The cut is perfect hides your belly but makes you look good. Love the length of the dress! Perfect for office or work! Highly highly recommend. The quality of the material is great too. Looks and feels expensive! Buy it!


Fit is perfect, but I am almost 5'9.  I've had trouble with other products from this brand fitting too close to petite.  The product description says this fits below the knee but for me its perfectly knee-length.  Read the length before you buy with this manufacturer to get the best fit. I'm keeping this one - it's simple and classic.


I love this dress. I got tons of compliments on it, all day at the office. I think it runs more or less true to size; I prefer things to fit on the tighter end versus looser, and this is definitely tighter on top. I'm 5'10", 155, and generally wear a size 10, as well as carrying most of my weight in my hips area. I got the navy, with tan/white flower on the skirt. The navy was a bit brighter than I expected (more of a navy/royal blue blend) versus a true navy, but it's still a very pretty color.  If you're hesitant to order, don't be! I'm very glad I purchased.


I was skeptical on buying this dress but boy was I wrong! I was looking for a dress similar to the lularoe Amelia and stumbled upon this. I wore it for my birthday and I felt so beautiful! I will be purchasing another dress.


However, I purchased the black top with white and "black" on the skirt. The "black" on the skirt is navy blue, but I still love it.


Love this dress!! I'm normally nervous about buying clothes through Amazon, but the quality of the fabric/material is great! The dress is also super comfortable and I love that it comes with pockets! I also like that the skirt part is a bit longer/loose so I can wear it work and don't have to worry about it riding up or looking too short. I've also washed it a bunch of times and it still looks good as new!


I LOVE this dress. I got compliments all day, it was comfortable, it’s easy to iron and remained wrinkle free all day. I would buy other colors, but now all my coworkers want one and nobody wants to be twins lol I’m glad I took the chance on this dress. For reference, I got a medium and am 5’5”, 165lbs. This might be a little snug on top if you’re larger chested as the top is a heavier material.


Dress is horrible. It was made really bad. Sleeves are a mess. Will return


I  wound up having to send this back because it was too large, I got a medium and I’m 5’3”, usually a size 8 to 10. I definitely think that it was a stretchy enough fabric that I could’ve gotten a small. I needed it for a specific event, so I did not have time to exchange it or else I would have. It isn’t super sturdy fabric or anything, you definitely get the quality that you’re paying for, but for an easy, comfortable dress, I say it’s a win. I might wind up getting one in the future and just getting a size down.


Dress came and it was torn in 2 areas towards the front of the dress. It is a beautiful dress however the stitching is terrible and whatever thread they use pops.


