I lived three dress! Compliments all day, very comfortable. I purchased the small for my daughter and the large for myself. The size determines your boby type. My daughter normally wears a kids size 18 and  in adults a 0 or extra small. My normal size is a medium.


This dress was excelllent. I loved it and fit perfectly .


Beautiful dress I used Medium but I saw the others reviews and it says to go a size up and I did I ordered a Large ...  I dont like to buy online because I had bad experiences but know that people are sharing pictures is a big help and you can see the product in a better way.. so I want to help you girls with this dress I loved it !!.. it is so beautiful the material  is so nice and fresh !!.. Love it Love it Love it !!!... and it fit percfectly!!..


This dress is super comfortable and the material is great. Nice medium weight. I'm 5'3, size 14 on top, 16 on the bottom and I purchased the XXL based off the size chart. It fits absolutely perfectly. I added a belt for a pop of color.


This dress is so comphy and very classy! I ordered a medium and it fits perfectly. I highly recommend this dress!


The material was good quality for the price.  I love the fact that it has pockets, it's a soft material and super comfortable.  I've washed it several times already and it's still in good color and shape.  Great buy! I'm about 220lbs, 5'6 and a size 16.  I ordered XL.


Was a perfect dress for Easter Sunday! Got nothing but great compliments ❤️


I am a 36C chest, 30 inch waist 5'4" 135 pounds and the Large fit me fine with a little extra room. It was more of a professional look as a size large and not a cute tight look.  If I were wearing this to go out I would probably size down to a medium.


Sleeves are a little long, they go almost to the point where the skirt starts.


Good quality dress, love the skirt fabric.  I wish the bodice fabric were a little classier to match the skirt (it is a matte black thick fabric that is almost like tshirt material but thicker).  I think it may have pillage early on after washing because it is a matte black fabric that is like tshirt fabric but thicker. The skirt fabric is fantastic!


This is not a good piece for people with larger rib cages like me.  My rib cage is bigger than my waist (I am athletic and have athletic lungs apparently!).  The skirt begins at rib cage level (about 1" below your bra strap).  As a result, this dress made me look wide because the the skirt (with all its pleated folds) starts at the rib cage and then flares out from there -- your waist is hidden under the skirt. The pleats add to the volume.  So if you have a normal/small rib cage this will look great on you; if you have a larger rib cage, just be aware that it's going to make you look wider than you really are perhaps look for a dress that the skirt starts at your waist.


i ordered this dress for my best friend for her birthday. i was not expecting the quality of the dress would be this good. i liked it and my friend loved the dress. Thanks amazon.


