Great dress! I got compliments on color and pattern. It fits me well, though waist is a little higher than I am used to. Also, and I'm not sure I can blame manufacturer for this, but on my first wearing, the skirt caught on a piece of velcro and now it has a run in it. It isn't unwearable, but I notice it.


Loved this dress! Fit perfectly and was so comfortable to wear.


This dress fit like a dream, slid right over my head (no need to use the zipper), and is so comfortable! The material is soft and forgiving, and the pockets are a huge plus. I bought a Medium based on the size chart and it fits great. It does fall a few inches below my knee, but that's favourable for me.


Very pleased with the fit.  I gained over 100lbs due to medication and illness and needed a dress for an event.  Fits nicely considering my new size.  I paired it with a cinch belt and it looks as good as my body can right now.


I did not like the material this dress is made of.  It felt cheap and scratchy.  The shape wasn't flattering for my figure.  I returned it and it took over 2 weeks for them to return my money.


This dress is cute but the bottom printed part isn't as vibrant as I was hoping. It looks a little faded but not too bad. The length is perfect as it comes to my knees. I'm 5'9 230lb wear a 18 bottom, xl top so I ordered the xxl. Could have gotten an xl for a tighter fit but since I'm wearing it to church, the size is perfect.


I love this dress. It's thick material so you don't have to worry about it being see through. It has pockets! Super comfy flowy and great for work.


Beautiful dress, comfortable, stretchy but expensive feel. However if you’re a pear shape and you are between sizes, I’d recommend ordering the smaller size as the waist is a bit more generous than I’d expected. Will be exchanging it.


I love it! So cute, I can't wait to wear it to the wedding I'm going to next week. I bought this belt to go with it because I personally don't like how I look in dresses without it


https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00AVT2QCU/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1


Love love love this dress! It's quality material, beautiful print, and looks fantastic on. I will definitely be buying more prints in this dress!


