I bought this and after reading the other reviews purchased a Medium. (I usually wear a 6 or 8) I was impressed with how well it fit. The first one I bought was the black with red, blue, and white streaked pattern. The material is great, thin enough to flow and thick enough to keep warm and not need a slip. The skirt is also a slightly silky material so it doesn't stick to my tights or leggings when I wear it. The pockets are a decent size, I could hold my phone (a Moto E4+ with otterbox and pop-socket) and chapstick. It didn't feel like there was too much weight on the pocket and it held up well. (sometimes dresses like this the pockets aren't well constructed and it tears the seams but not the case with this dress)


I then bought two more of these dresses. My one complaint would be that the navy top is a slightly different material than the black. It is a little thicker and tends to be more static than the black tops are. When they arrived there were also a few loose threads but after cutting them they have held up well and there doesn't seem to be any structural damage to the dress itself.


This dress is awesome. Falls at the right spot on my body. Fits upper body (which I was concerned about). I ordered a M and L. Large was too bog. Medium fits perfectly and it stretches a bit. I'm a DD and size 8-10 pant.  So comfy. Not cheap material. Doesn't wrinkle. I am going to order different colors to use for Spring wedding season. Bonus if you find a fat matching belt for the dress to class it up smore.


I was really nervous about ordering a dress online.  I'm in my 40's, 5'6 and about 200lbs.  I'm smaller on top then on bottom and was worried about having the bottom of the dress fit but the top being too big. I got the dress and it fit great!  I love that it looks like a skirt and top and I get lots of complements on it.  It's also vary comfortable to wear all day. I love it so much that I just ordered another one in a different print.  Women, if you're like me and hate spending hours trying on dresses just to be disappointed or settling on something you really don't love them please order this dress. It has free returns if you don't love it.


I ordered one size up, based on reviews and I was fine. This is perfect for work meetings and made it easy to no need a blazer. It is thick enough to wear with or with out stockings or slip. It is long enough to cover knees and quite finished hem. Will buy more of this style as  I received many compliments. The pockets are great for business cards, valet key and a lip gloss. All important business items.


Bought this because of the length and sleeves options. Really nice dress but way too big. I’m 5’7, 155lbs and ordered a large but it’s too big in the waist and arms. Sleeves are baggy and waist is very loose. Returning for a medium.


The fit: I ordered a large. This dress fit pretty well. I have VERY wide shoulders, so I expected it to be too tight, but instead it actually had extra fabric on the shoulders! The dress sits well, but the fabric is much heavier than I expected; despite the floral print, it's definitely a dress for colder weather. Because of my height, the skirt hit below the knee, midi-length. The dress is not as snug as I like, so I put on a belt with it that I actually think makes the dress look much better overall, as if it needs the dividing line between the top and the skirt.


My size: 10 in pants/dresses, medium in tops. 5'2", b/w/h 40/31/42, bra 34F


I wore this dress for my student's graduation. It fit great! Love the pockets. Getting the polka dot one next!


This dress is so cute on.  I'm 5'6 and 138 lbs with a 34D and the dress fits great!  I usually wear a size 4 in pants. I bought a large first because I typically wear size 10 dresses (due to my wide back), but sent it back for a medium.  I'm picky about quality so I had low expectations of this dress based on the price. I'm happy with the materials. It is a stretchy medium weight best for fall or cooler summer days.  I was specifically looking for a dress with an empire cut to hide love handles (I have no hips).  The umpire waistline is perfect; it is not so high it hits the bust but not so low that feels like it's a waistline cut. The pockets are well hidden and the length of the skirt is good. I finished the dress off with a wide black belt.


It's a very cute dress and very true to representation, i just didn't find it all that flattering on me. I am 5'8" and about 160 lbs and this was just a tad too short in the bodice/high waisted for my liking.  The pleats in the back don't really do my back side many favors especially being so high in the waist on me. If I was generally smaller I might not find the fit so bothersome but alas.


I originally purchased a Large (I am 5'10" and weigh 180 and am very small busted). The dress fit, but it was not very comfortable. I exchanged it for an XL, and it fits perfectly!! It is a very cute dress that will be perfect for a summer wedding I am going to. Since I am fairly tall, the length is a bit off - it hits just at the knees rather than below them. I would absolutely purchase this dress again, and I would recommend it to others - just buy up a size.


