I was surprised at the quality of this dress, it is very well made. The skirt portion of the dress has a nice thickness and weight to it. I loved the texture of it too, it's kind of a smooth rippled texture, very nice. I'm usually a medium but order a large instead and it ended up being to loose so go for your regular size.


Great quality for the price! I was truly surprised by how nice the quality of the dress was. I have bought many things on amazon, including clothing, and it has always been OK between sizing, quality, and price. I'm a 2XL and struggle with online clothes shopping. This was perfect! The material is stretchy but doesn't show any unflattering lumps or bumps. The dress length ends just below he knees like in the pictures. AND POCKETS!!! If that doesn't seal the deal, I don't know what would! This will be perfect for the wedding I am attending!


I ordered a size up based on the advice of others, and it was not necessary. It was a little too big in that size.


Additionally, I purchased the blue + white and did not like how the colors looked. The skirt is navy and white, while the top was blue. The colors clashed to me.


On top of this, I did not find this dress very flattering. Seems to work well on some body types, but it made me feel large.


I HIGHLY recommend this dress!!! The material feels like a stretch cotton so it’s super comfortable to wear and it is VERY figure flattering!!! I am a size 16 and the XL was a perfect fit and I’m 5’3” for height reference.


Loved the fit and silhouette of this dress, and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the material. I ordered the navy blue with red flower pattern and ended up returning it only because I didn’t love the colors of the floral pattern. I wanted something red, white and blue for a military event, but the skirt pattern had a lot more yellow than the picture showed and the yellow was very bright. Just wasn’t for me, but would recommend for the fit and quality alone. I’m 5’4” and usually wear a size 12-14 and the L fit great.


I am about 140 and 5'3. I got a medium and could've gone for a small but it doesn't bother me. I live the dress so much.  It's cute modest and I love the colors.


I purchased a 1X based on the size chart. My measurements are: 38DD (44 in bust), 40 in waist, and 43 in hips (I wear a size 12/14 and xl in dresses). However, this dress is pretty loose around the waist and stomach area so I could have easily sized down one. The fabric has stretch so my bust would fit in XL despite that being for 41-43in.


The color is true to the picture as is the length. I am 5'6" and this comes below my knees. It is modest and works well for the office.


Love this dress. So comfortable, the kind you could wear all day. I am 5 ft 123 to 126lb. At first I bought a small but the sleeves were a little snug. The medium fits perfect.


The reviews are what encouraged me to buy this dress. I'm always hesitant to purchase clothes online, but this is a win! I've received so many compliments when wearing it. The material is nice and the construction feels sturdy. It's light enough to wear in the summer, but I could definitely see myself wearing tights and a sweater and making this a staple well into winter.


I ordered a small and would say it fits me very well. I am 5'2" and 115 lbs. The skirt comes down to just below my knees and the top isn't too tight. Looks super cute with a belted waist!


The only thing I'd say was unexpected (not a complaint at all!) is that while the listing says "beige", the top is definitely more of a pink tone than I thought it looked in the picture. Still an absolutely gorgeous dress!


This is a great comfy spring or fall dress. The fabric is durable, but a little to thick to wear in the dead of summer for me personally. Also, if you have a long torso like I do, the seam between the two patterns of fabric doesn’t come down very far. It only went down to below my bust which was slightly less flattering than the photo online.


