The dress runs way too small. I am normally a 16/18 and I ordered a 2x the arm space was so tight they I couldn't move.Other than that the material and dress are beautiful. And the pockets are a plus.... I was so disappointed.  I gave it away so I wouldn't have to return it.  The biggest size they offer is a 2X so no need to return and attempt an exchange.


I love this dress! I bought one size up because I thought that would be perfect, and it is. I am 5'4", have a large bust & behind and this dress fits perfectly. Comes to just below my knees and the sleeves exactly to my wrists. It is a cute dress, good for the office or even a semi-formal event. Looks cute with flats or heels. The material is not too heavy, and it's very comfortable. Love that it has pockets. I have gotten so many compliments when I wear it! Great price for what you get, I plan on buying more in different colors.


This dress is very pretty but once you put it on it isn't the most flattering.  It made my longer torso look small and choppy.  The skirt comes up to high before the top part of the dress starts.  I'm 5'8 and 130 pounds and I didn't care for the look on myself.  For someone shorter, I think the dress would swallow them up. It is made out of a very nice material though.


It doesn't look flimsy and thin in the photos so I was kind of surprised that it was see through. The material was super thin, in my opinion thinner than a good cotton t-shirt. I wasn't expecting a lined dress but at least not so Forever 21 or Sears junior section quality. I wanted to like this because it looks super classy from the photos but it just wasn't so. I also found that for a large the top half was a little too large.


If you're into super thin and not quality, that'd be the only way I would suggest someone buy this.


Let's start with the fact that I returned it. I ordered not one but three of these thinking I'd keep whichever color was most flattering on me. Judging by the pictures and how good it looks on all different body types I just assumed it'd look good on me. Alas, no. If you're not just short, but have a shorter torso and boobs this may not work for you. It didn't for me, the waist hit me at a really unflattering place and it was just not a good look. But it's outstanding quality for the price and easy to dress up or down. I was going to wear one to a very casual wedding and now it's back to square one. I still think it's a steal and that it will flatter most people!


Cute Dress! The dress doesn't look like much of anything out of the packaging, but once you have it on it looks amazing. I didn't like the look without a belt so I put one on that I had in my closet. I will say the dress does run small. I wear either a small/ medium. I bought the medium and it does fit a little snug on top, so I would up a size especially if you are big on top(breast). Overall its a really cute dress and I even bought another one.


Love this dress.  I wasn't sure how it would fit, but it's a little loose in the waist, so a belt will fix that right up!  Ordered an XL based on reviews and recommendations, and I do think a L might have been tight in the chest. The rest of the dress fits as pictured.  I feel the product is a nice weight, not too light and not super heavy.  Living in the Midwest, we get a lot of temperature variations, and this will work great!.  Very happy with this purchase!


I was planning to make myself a dress for my niece's wedding but ran out of time so I ordered this dress along with a few others. I was pleasantly surprised when I put it on! The dress is flattering, comfortable and dis you know it has pockets??? I'm glad I didn't have time to make my own dress, I feel so beautiful in this one!


I am 5' tall, weigh about 120 lbs, usually wear a size 4. I bought a size small and it was perfect. In the photo, I am with my husband.


I really like the fit of this dress.  (My husband noticed it on me!)  It's very comfortable, even has pockets.  And yet it is a classy, dressy dress.  I wore it to see live theater as well as wearing it to church.  When I bought it, cost was $29.99; a great price.  I highly recommend this purchase.


Fit as advertised. Got compliments at work. I will recommend.


