Love this dress! I purchased the white background with black flowers. I get so many compliments when I wear this dress. It is comfortable, flattering, easy to wash, the fabric is good quality and soft. I've recommended it to many coworkers and girlfriends. Only advice- wear a slip if you plan on wearing dark colored underwear with it.


A beautiful, beautiful dress that garners lots of compliments!


For those who have qualms about the poofiness of the dress (the lack thereof), it layers magnificently with a long petticoat. With the added bulk, it really is quite a statement and stands out. I'd love to buy more in the future.


Also for the fit, I am much shorter than typical wearers (4'9") and the fit was perfect. I normally wear an XS, but the small fit quite wonderfully.


How many compliments have I received over this dress alone ? I stopped counting. This is not only super cute but it's also very comfortable ! Wear with flatts or heels. It doesn't matter because that is how cute the dress is. Came to me in 48 hours too. Nicely folded in package !


I am super happy with this dress!! I am 5'5" and I weigh 125 lbs. I always have a lot of difficulty trying to find cute and chic clothes that are also modest and this dress met all those requirements! I ordered the medium and it fit perfectly. The skirt part of the dress is see through when you're out in the sun, so I would definitely wear a slip underneath. Other than that, I love this dress! I will definitely be getting another one in the future!


Very lovely dress... highly recommend it.


This dress is great! Many people complimented this dress and wanted to know where I got it so I spread the word. I bought a size L and I'm a 175 lbs and between 5'5 and 5'6. I don't need to use the zipper- I just threw it over head. Perfect fit. Sleeves are usually snug on my arm and this was fitted on my arms but perfect everywhere else. The skirt part is loose and flowy and a great length for work- just below my knee. Posting pics to show the fit. It helped me from everyone else's review so I wanted to continue the love.


I haven't washed it yet as I just wore it. Going to post a question about washing instructions as it's hard to tell from the label.


Not very flattering at all.  The waist part came just below my breast.  I think I received a defective one because the reviews on here show that the dress fits perfectly.  I am disappointed that I didn't have the same experience.  Very pretty dress with nice fabric.


I love this dress! It’s beautiful and flattering! I weigh 180 pounds and am 5’3” and the XL was perfect! I wore it today for the first time and got tons of compliments! It’s the perfect dress for Spring! I also ordered the yellow and blue flower one and can’t wait to wear it! This dress is a must buy!


Material is thick and not to cheap looking.


I bought a large basing myself on reviews it was too small. I had to return it.


If you are wider in the hips, do yourself a favor and do not buy.  Unless you don't mind looking wider in a non appealing way.


This is a lovely dress. While some reviewers said to size up, I followed the chart provided in the product description, and the small fits perfectly. The top is a little sheer (it could be because I purchased the pink), but nothing a camisole can't resolve. I took away a star because the pockets on my dress were not the same size. It's not something easily noticeable to others. But for the price, it's a lovely dress with a lovely length.


