The dress is very nice, good quality.  I usually wear a 14, the extra large is kind of big.  I will order more in a large.


I was really surprised by the fit of the dress. I did order the 2XL. I am 5'7, 42 D, and size 18W. It was so cute for my bridal shower. I will order again and love the pockets.


I LOVE this dress. It has pockets and it looks great. The skirt is pleaded and the stitching is coming undone though which is disappointing.


Love that this dress has pockets. The only thing I don't like is that the dress doesn't lay on my hips so it looks a little funny, is probably go a size up next time, maybe then it would lay at my waist.


I love my dress, fits perfectly, got lots of compliments. I am so happy that I chose a size S because my upper body is small and my hip is M-L, This dress is very flattering.


An EXCELLENT work dress.  I have this in several colors.  Very flattering fit for me- I am 5 ft. 2in and 150 pounds.  I am normally a size 10 and purchased a large- it fit perfectly.


This dress is fun and flattering. The skirt is an excellent quality and weight (light enough to flow but heavy enough not to worry on a breezy day). The pink top is fairly thin (I won't wear it without a tank top underneath), so if you absolutely hate wearing extra layers, this may not be the dress for you.


Fit details: 5'2, 150ish, with most of my weight in my torso. Medium fit perfectly and did not appear stretched or too-small. The skirt fell 3-4 inches below my knees.


I get complements on this dress every time I wear it - I have it in every color and pattern available! Great for work as it hits below the knee and is a pretty thick/opaque fabric.


So cute and comfy! I’m 5’4” and 230lbs, andthe 3X fit perfectly. I love the pockets. The dress is breathable and I got so many compliments on it! Will definitely be buying more in different colors!


Great dress at a great price, I'm 5'11" 140lbs and bought a medium.  it fit great and hit just below knee


