I was effy about purchasing clothing online. But after reading all the reviews, I decided to get one. I LOVE this dress! I bought a large and it fits perfectly. The material is stretchy, so I could put on the dress without undoing the back zipper. I’m looking forward to purchasing other patterns.


Wow!great dress for a price.treasure to have.My wife is 4"11 and weigh 105 lbs and a small size fit to her.she said she really love the dress,simple yet elegant.


The flowers on this dress are a bit larger than i thought they might be, but the dress fits well


The dress is amazing. I adore it. I have ordered several more. What a find!!!! Also I have ordered a petticoat to wear with it. All I can say is  WOW!


This style of dress is very flattering to my figure, even my spouse was impressed. I'm 5 '4, 175Lbs. the XL fit was spot on.


I love this dress! It's comfortable and easy to wear without breaking the bank. I'm a teacher and this was absolute perfect for my work day. The pockets are genius.


This dress can be worn as is or add a nice funky belt to polish off the look.


I normally wear a large or XL depending on the cut and I went with a 2XL. It fit a little roomy but comfortable enough.


I love the material of this dress.  I bought a 2XL and it was bigger than I thought it would be, not form fitting at all.  The waist also came up way higher than I expected.  It was more of a babydoll waist than a regular waist.


Everything was as described, Good quality, Sizing was accurate, Well packed and ship and I highly recommend this product. Click thumbs up if you found my review helpful. Thanks!


I really liked this dress, however I might have picked a small instead of a medium since it was slightly loose at the top. I am 5’1, 127 pounds and small on the top.


I truly love this dress, especially the pockets! I wish it came in more patterns/colors because I'd probably buy a lot more.


I got the size large and it fits me well (5 ft tall, 143 pounds). I'm very pleased with this purchase.


The color in the picture is much darker. I would consider this more of a dark royal blue and not navy. I'm 5'9" and this dress falls a tiny bit below the knee. It's a stretchy material throughout, the top and bottom are both made from the same stretch material. It is somewhat flattering for a curvy figure and very comfortable


