This dress is really cute. I had to order a size bigger than I usually wear, and I feel you are like me (live alone), you'll have a hard time zipping the back zipper. Other than that good quality, and very nice and cute.


I read reviews before buying in line. Most of the said it ran small so I ordered one size and it fits perfect!!!! Love this dress it's so comfy and I got a lot of compliments on it! ❤️


I am 5'6 and I ordered this dress in a Large. The length hits right at my knees, I love the material to this dress, its not thin or flimsy and doesn't feel cheap. I was very pleasantly  surprised with the quality.


I got this last minute for a business trip as a replacement for another dress that did not work out. OMG i love it. It is perfect for my style. I don’t partuculary care for the “business boring look”. I love my femenine size. This is classy yet sexy without showing off skin.


The waist is a bit high for me, but I added a thick solid back belt to bring the look of the bodice a bit lower and then it was perfect.  The construction seems to be good quality and the dress was comfortable.  I particularly enjoyed the swing of the skirt.  (FYI - I was unable to zip the back by myself.)


I was so surprised at how great this dress is put together. The material is thick, but still very soft. It looks very flattering on all body types. The only thing I really did not care about is that the sleeves are a bit smaller than expected. It is a very cute dress and I loved the pockets, just the sleeves were too uncomfortable.


I wish this ran true to size. I suggest ordering a size up. I normally wear a medium in everything, even some junior sizes, but this medium was too snug. I fit into it, but it was too tight to be comfortable do all day wear. Other than that, it's very cute and very well made. Nice thick material. My husband was sad I had to return it. He said he liked how it looked on me. The look is similar to LuLaRoe's Amelia dress, which is why the dress appealed to me.


I ordered the black dress with the colorful floral pattern for an event. The fit is weird, and it runs bigger than the size chart says. The sleeves are also shorter than what is shown, but not quite short sleeves, so it just looks really awkward, and the skirt is longer than advertised. The material on this dress is also awful. The top is fine, but the bottom (floral) skirt feels/looks cheap and tacky. The way that the printed pattern shows up on this material makes it look more like a Halloween costume than an actual dress. But I ordered it last-minute for an event, so I was kind of stuck with it. I haven't worn it again since, and probably never will.


Very unattractive for my body type.  I am 5'4" 166lbs, I carry my weight around the middle and this dress seemed to highlight my belly.  I returned this dress.


This was not a dress for a teenager. The fabric was heavy and it looked obviously like one piece. My daughter didn't like it. We returned it.


