I love this dress.  I love this dress.  I love this dress.  I'm an XL, and it's slightly too large.  I might try a Large if I get a different pattern.  I have received so many compliments on this dress!  It's so cute.  It comes right below my knee, so you don't really need leggings.  I wear leggings with it anyway because I'm a teacher, and it's just easier to have them on.  And it looks good with leggings, even though it's longer.


Also, POCKETS!  I love pockets in dresses, and I don't understand why all dresses aren't made with them at this point.


Pretty dress, good marterial!!!


I'm extremely picky about my clothes and was hesitant to order based on just the product picture. I loved the way it looked on the customer uploaded pics so I decided to take a chance. So glad I did! Extremely comfortable, great fabric, love the pockets and I got so many compliments. Will definitely be ordering more in other colors. Such a cute dress. It fits true to size. I'm a 38DD, usually wear about a size 18 in bottoms and xl-2xl tops and I ordered the 2x and it fit perfect.


This dress is very light and comfy! Perfect for summer & spring! I've gotten plenty of compliments when I wear it. I ordered an XL but probably could've gotten away with a L. However my experience with Amazon dresses is that after I wash them and hang them to dry they shrink a bit. I'm considering buying another. Great for the price even if it only lasts me one season.


Very cute dress. I am pleased with this purchase. I read the reviews and purchased the large. I am usually a medium. The waistline of the dress sits above the natural waistline and so can make you feel as though you have a high waist. The fabric hangs nicely and I got several compliments on teh dress. The blue is a bit richer than navy, but I wouldn't call it royal blue either. It is an overall comfortable dress.


When I wore this dress to work, I got a lot of compliments. However, it didn't quite fit right, so I ended up returning it. It was a bit too big and it's the type of dress where it being too big makes it look sloppy. I'm kind of in-between sizes right now, so I'm struggling a bit with this, but it seemed to fit a little looser than other dresses I've ordered in the same size.


I did enjoy the pockets, and as I said, I got so many compliments the day I wore it to work paired with a sweater. I just wasn't digging the fit.


I order my dress yesterday and I got it tonight, I love my dress and I love the way it feels. I bought this dress to wear to Church on Easter, I have not wore a dress in year's. I saw a lot of views about the size but I took my changes and I bought a medium instead of a Large and I am so glad i did, it fit me perfectly. I am 5"4 and weight 160 lbs however, I lost more inches then weight on my Keto diet I dropped 4 pants size in 8 weeks and that is why I took a change on a size medium and I still have 3 more weeks before Easter. I will be ordering more of these dress, I do recommend this dress.


I went a size up like everyone suggested and it fit mostly fine.  I am 5'11'' and this dress was not flattering at all.  The "waist" was too high and really made me look out of whack.  Other than that it was very cute, had good pockets and nice material.  If you're shorter it'll probably be fine but if you're taller like me I'd pass. (The length was fine - above the knee but below fingertips)


This was a quality dress and I would have really enjoyed it had it fit. The length was perfect, it just would not zip in the back. I am a size 12 and I ordered the large after consulting the size chart. I am unfortunately returning the item because it did not fit but I would definitely recommend purchasing it, just with the proper size. This would have been a great piece for work as it is modest in the neckline yet still fun and fashionable.


I wanted to love this dress.  I ordered this dress a size up (XL) and it fit great and feels like a quality dress. I added a red waist belt too to fancy it up. However, my hips are large and this dress accentuates that in a bad way with the pockets. I think I look pregnant in this dress so I will be returning it.


