Update 11/13/17: After washing it once (I followed wash instructions), the dress pilled very badly and some stitching in the skirt started coming apart. My return window has passed, but I will definitely be calling to get a refund.


This dress was OK. The fabric seam from top to bottom is cut much higher than I anticipated. The fabric on top also doesn't breathe very well and felt a bit itchy. I got a few compliments on it and it was fine for an October wedding in MN. I ordered a size XL. I'm 5' 8" and about 215 lbs.


Due to other reviews I decided to go up a size and was pleased that I did. The Large fit my 145lb 5'6 frame perfectly. Length hit right at my knees. Fun to twirl around in. It has pockets, ladies. Wore this for my goddaughter's baptism and I would definitely get this dress in a different color for a similar event.


This is by far the least flattering dress I've ever owned and I wear dresses every day. The material is cheap and I tried to return it 2 days after the return window because I was traveling- now I'm stuck with this hideous thing. I don't even want to donate this $30 monstrosity to avoid forcing someone else to wear it. SO CHEAP. SO Disappointed.


Ladies and Gentlemen. This is the dress to rival all dresses. This dress should be used as the highest standard of dress that all other dresses should be compared to. I'm short and fat and this dress made me feel delicate. It is the perfect length, right below the knee. The half sleeves cover my arms that I'm always self conscious about. The pattern is gorgeous (I got the red flowers). The material is soft and breathable and does not feel cheap or scratchy. I received so many compliments. People were literally going out of their way to comment on how cute it was. AND IT HAS POCKETS, GUYS! I'm so in love, I will for sure be ordering other prints.


I was looking for a nice casual spring dress to wear to work. The materials are what you'd expect for the price, but they are soft, not scratchy. The fit was perfect. I'm on the lower end of a size 14, almost a 12. I like to have room to move and wear dresses without a girdle so an XL was perfect. The waist falls at the natural waist. I gave this dress a 4 because the color is more of a purple than a navy blue and i was looking for Navy, but I'm keeping it.


After reading the reviews, I upsized. I'm typically a size 16 or 1X. I purchased a XXL in this and it fits perfect. If you like LLR, it's very similar to the Amelia; however, it fit me better. I'm short and the Amelia mid-seam strikes me very unflatteringly. This dress's seam was higher, so it was more flattering to hide my "mommy pouch". I wish it came in more options (color wise), b/c I would have one for every day of the week.


Love this dress. I read all of the reviews before I decided to purchase and I am happy I did. This dress is awesome. I usually wear a 16/18 sometimes Im a 1x sometimes 2x depending.  I am 5'8 and weigh around 200 my bust is 42DD and I got the xxl It fit perfect but I also feel that I could of have ordered the xl and it would have fit as well. I am ordering more in the the other colors and I will go for the smaller size.


I bought this dress in blue/long sleeve/small for my niece, who is 13 years old, and just over 5 feet tall. My sister told me that she normally wears women's size 2-4. The dress fits her almost exactly the way it does on the model pictured in the listing, and looks absolutely stunning on her. The neckline is perfect, showing nothing that would upset socially conservative or religious parents. The sleeves reach her wrists. I would estimate that the skirt hits 3-4 inches below her knees. I was told that my niece prefers "flowy" skirts and dresses, and that it's hard to find clothing that she likes, and this dress was a big hit.


I recently purchased this dress for the first time and LOVE it. Purchasing dresses for me can be a struggle lately because I had put on alot of wait and I often try to hide some of it with looser fitting clothing. (5'5 and weigh about 230 lbs) The dress is great because it does all that and can be worn as a nice dress at work or a party. Also, it has pockets. Who doesn't love a dress that has a perk of pockets?


I've always bought two more in other colors. Very happy with my purchase and recommend.


The dress is beautiful. However runs  small and the fabric started pilling on the first wear.


