I got this for my daughter for a dance. Based on reviews I ordered a large. She is usually a medium tee shirt and an 8 in jeans. It fit a little loose. I think she could have used the medium. She liked it because it wasn’t tight in all the wrong places. Oh, she loved that it had pockets.


Stitching isn’t the best which is why I have it 4 stars. It is cute and comfy.


Top is soft knit material, bottom is a flouncy material. There is a zipper up the back from about 1” into the skirt material, all the way up to the neck. I am 5’3” 175lbs and received a size 14 and it fits perfectly


Fabric thickness is good.  Dress is cute as pictured.  But a bit roomy cross shoulders and bust.  I'll be taking to a dressmaker to obtain a better fit.  Given the low cost of the dress, the extra investment won't break the bank and I'll have a cute, modest work dress with pockets!


at first i was skeptical about buying this dress good thing i did or else i would have regretted it. i bought this dress in pink medium and blue small...the pink one is a little bit loose but it's fine and the blue small is just a perfect fit for me...good quality material and exceeded my expectation, dress is knee length, descent enough to wear to church...can't wait to wear them...


I ordered the green one that's black and white on bottom. I got so many compliments at work I ordered another one as soon as I got home.


This dress is so comfortable! The material is thick and heavy, definitely not cheap, and the fit is great. I now have this dress in 6 styles!


Wow! What a flattering dress! I ordered the Beige in size Large and I can't believe how well it fits and is way cuter than I was expecting a $30 dress to be. I bought it for graduation and I will wear it again for a rehearsal dinner.


Quality of the dress is pretty decent.  However, the dress does not look right on me.  I wear between a US 10 or 12 depending on the style and material of clothing.  I am 5' with a somewhat wide chest and the top of the skirt starts 4" above my belly button.  Another reason this dress does not look right on me is that the skirt  hits around mid-calf so I will probably get the dress hemmed.  I would not recommend  this dress to someone that is short.


Fit as expected. Unlike many dresses this style, you can wash and dry this with no problem, just make sure you do so with like colors. I get tired of hand washing all my nice dresses, or worse yet expensive dry cleaning. Looks great with a pair of red vintage looking shoes. :)


