I am normally a size 20, and the XL fit me really well. However, I returned this dress because the waistline was far higher than it looks in the photo -- more of an empire waist. If the skirt part fell on my natural waist, I would have kept it. Beautiful fabric and good quality though.


Fits perfectly everywhere except my arms and through the shoulders - just a wee snug for those. I am 5' 6" and weigh 175 lbs and wore a large. Cute dress, received many compliments in it. And it has pockets!!!


I love that this dress has pockets. It is flattering and a perfect length hitting just below the knee. ( I am 5 ft 2, 140 pounds).


I wanted a knock off of the lularoe Amelia and I came upon this dress. I read so many reviews and saw the pics of some of them and fell in love with this dress and then once I got it and put it on, even better! I love this dress, and I get so many compliments at work for it. I added a cute brown belt that matches the shoes I usually wear with this! I want to buy other prints!


I'm loving this dress! Flattering fit, well-made, quality fabric that's not see-through, comfy to wear and best of all it has POCKETS! The style's versatile; it goes anywhere worn by itself or layered with a sweater or jacket. A real value for the money. Recommended. (If it helps: I'm 4'11" so it hits mid-shin on me. My measurements are 38" 34" 42".)


I really like this dress.  It's conservative enough for work, but adds a nice pop of color.  I am 5'9" and 155 lbs, and the large fits very well.


(My measurements bust: 42, waist: 33, hips: 43 usually size 12 pants, bra 36DDD and M/L shirt)


Ordered size XL and it fit perfectly, I got plenty of compliments. I took off a start because there were a few pulled threads when I got it.


I am very happy with this dress.  I went by the measurements and chose the XL.  The bodice is more of a peachy pink but I love it and the pockets. There were some loose threads at the end of the pleats but I will trim that up.  I am wearing this for Easter.  I can't wait!


I normally wear an 8-10 in dresses and I ordered an XL. I am 5'2" and curvy, and the dress fits just about perfectly, a little loose, but I would say that if you compare the US dress sizing in the chart in their description you are safe, as I found this to be true to size. The color is vibrant and looks as it does in the photo (i ordered the navy blue with the white and tan flowers). My only hang up is on the fabric, it is stretchy, light and breathable, without feeling cheap or being see through, but it just feels a bit odd...its textured instead of smooth, which is really my only gripe which is really tiny.


I really like this dress, I will be ordering more. I'm 5'1 ft and around 127lbs, small for me fit me nicely. The pockets come in handy and I like the material of the dress, it feels soft :$. What can I say about the bad reviews? I'm glad I wasn't one of the unlucky ones that got a bad dress x)


