I love it. Well made product with quality fabric. I'm 5'6, 235Ibs. and was comfortable in the L. The dress has a stretch to it which was helpful. Perfect for spring, summer and fall.


I don't usually write reviews. But i had to make this one, i love this dress. It fits well and the quality is good.


The dress was received quickly, packed well, and better quality than I expected. The reviews I read were accurate. I'm 5'8 and the dress length touches above my knee. I ordered a size 2X and the dress fits perfectly and is very comfortable. I love the style, especially the pockets! Great buy for its price. I'm satisfied with this order.


So many compliments.


Personally, I would have preferred o little more tailored sleeve, but it just fits beautifully.


I am 6'0" - fit-ish.  This was perfect for my daughter's confirmation.


I also purchased a belt for it. https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B01MG2JI5R/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_1


I ordered a large because, well that is what I do.  Fit great.


I am 5'6" 140lbs. I got the pink dress because all other reviews has the black and blue.  I ordered a medium and it fits perfect. Soft material and pockets are a huge plus! Very happy with purchase. Material is a little stretchy so that is nice.


Love this dress! Cinches in the perfect spot to give a wonderful hourglass figure. I bought this dress to wear in Easter and it arrived quickly and in perfect condition.


Beautiful dress. Fits well and is very classy. Definitely one to buy. I ordered the medium, my measurements are 34-27-36, I'm 5'5".


I am disgusted. I was so excited because  this dress is super cute and has pockets and is a great teacher dress. It fit as expected. I went to put something into my pocket and noticed what you see in the photo which is either dried poop or mud I can't tell. The dress came in plastic it was brand new I don't understand how this happened but obviously I will be returning it.


*For reference sake: I am 5'3'' and 220 lbs with most of my weight concentrated in my thighs, backside and hips.*


I had ordered a dress before this one for a big work event (thank God for Prime and 2 day shipping). Needless to say, the previous one did not fit. I looked like a sausage prostitute with a penchant for hounds tooth. It was Asian sizing and I did not account for that, so I sent it back and ordered this one and hoped it would be delivered in time. I was not too confident in ordering this dress after my previous attempt. I was not too confident removing the dress from the package, however, once the dress was on and I added some pearls, I looked the best I have in years. I paired this with a kitten heel pump. I thought that I may need to add a pop of color in the form of a belt, but I did not.


Do yourself a favor and order this dress! I am a bigger girl and felt confident and pretty for the first time in years. But, make sure to order larger than you think you need (I ordered 2x!)


This dress is AMAZING! I love it!! Highly recommend. Really nice material, fits well, looks incredible. I will absolutely be buying another


