I'm 5'6", 165 with bust 38" waist 33"


I ordered the large, and it fits perfectly, with a tiny bit of room to spare. I was thrown off by the product picture- read the product description well, it looks like it has long sleeves, but it really has short sleeves.


The fabric is soft and stretchy, so even though its just a touch too big, you can't tell at all. For the price, this dress is excellently made.


It has only been worn once, but it is now may favorite piece of clothing. So much so, I am returning to buy another pattern.


LOVE IT! It's so comfortable and exactly what I was looking for!


Such a great dress and great quality!! I wear 14-16 and I bought the 2 XL and it fit great.


I needed some new dresses to wear to work afte ra promotion


This is true to size and I recieved so many compliments when wearing this.


I'm 5'2 and it hit a few inches below my knees. The pockets are a nice enough size to hold your phone and wallet but it does throw off the sillhouette


of the dress when you have stuff in your pockets.


I'm about 130 with measurements of 35-25.5-35 and the small fit perfectly with just a bit of room. (enough to be comfortable and flattering without being tight or baggy


I really liked this dress. Super comfy material, flowy, doesn’t wrinkle easily. Many compliments on the vibrant color and how flattering it was, I bought royal blue w beige flowers and the blue looks slightly purplish in some lighting. I love jewel tones so no problem for me. I am 5’, 120 lbs, 34c usually I wear a size 4-6 dress and XS tops. I was worried the small might be a bit loose but it was quite snug in the bust area. If you’re bigger than that, I would suggest sizing up. Almost had trouble zipping it up and a medium might have done well but I like the fitted look and didn’t want to risk loose sleeves. Once on it was very comfortable since it is stretchy. I added a belt and heels and this dress was very modest and not too long at all.  I could wear this dress all the time and will be buying more colors.


First off, I am NOT a "dress" person.  Usually, if given the option between an outfit with pants and a dress, I'll choose the pants every time.  However, I bought this dress in the Black Floral print as a part of my New Year's Resolution (and looking ahead as a potential interview outfit) and I can safely say that this dress is well worth the $30.00.  Plus, it has pockets, which makes it about 800x better.  In fact, I love this dress so much I'm contemplating buying another one for Easter.


I know the fit is a hot question, so for reference: I'm 5'3" and 187 lbs, 44" bust, 36" waist, 46" hips, so I went with an XXL to be safe.  The fabric doesn't look baggy on me, but it isn't skin-tight either (I've contemplated going down a size but I fear it'll be a bit too tight, which I don't like, so I'm sticking with my XXL).  The dress hits me a bit below the knee, but isn't so long that it looks funny.


Overall, I'd recommend it.  If you're on the fence, get it anyway and try it on, and if you don't like it, send it back.  Like I said, I love mine and am looking at buying a second dress.


I am 5'5", 38F, size 8, and 175 lbs. I bought a large and it fit perfectly. I read the reviews to go up a size. I looooove this dress! My BFF work together and bought it to wear to work. We receive multiple compliments and it has pockets!!!


The top is stretchy and the bottom is light and flowy. Pockets deep enough to fit your smartphone comfortably.


I get hot easily and this dress did not make me sweat. It is flattering with all figures! It shows your body shape very well.


You won't regret buying this dress. Very classy dress.


I am 5'6" and about 148lbs and ordered a medium in the navy blue with the floral pattern on the skirt. The dress fit me nicely and has a feminine feel to it. The sleeves and upper body portion are fitted with the skirt being full and coming just past my knees. Definitely will need a slip under the skirt. I reluctantly returned it bc I felt like where the upper portion and skirt portion connected made me look pregnant. I have had this issue with similar designs in the past. I highly recommend you at least give this dress a try, it may lay differently on your body.


I am 5” and 145 pounds. I ordered a medium since I have a extra large bust naturally and since I am breastfeeding. The fabric is stretchy & It fit comfortably both in length and size. Loved the dress and wore it for my 6 month old’s baptism and received a ton of compliments. Considering ordering another print. Great deal! This was my first dress order from Amazon and it didn’t disappoint!


I ordered a Med. Oxiuly floral design dress. I'm 5'1'', 125 lb. Med is on the tight side but wearable. I like that it is made of a heavier stretchable material. This can be a pretty dress but the one I received is not due to how it was cut. Since the flowers are large and the skirt has many folds, if the fabric is not cut and folded at the right place, the dress at the joined waist line ends up having many fragmented tan pieces that gives no impression of flower. The picture has only 2-3 pieces but mine has 7 and the dress does not look that good. I'm returning it.


