My first review read “If you’re petite like me it makes you look pregnant or like you have a fat pouch. Hell no! I work hard to keep a flat belly. Lol now I feel not so good. Anyway. It’s very cute pattern but it came already with loose strings coming apart from the pleats. Very low quality control. I will be returning” butttttt I needed up keeping it!  I wear a belt on top and pair with red or white or black shoes and I actually get many compliments. The quality control of stitching still holds true though. But I just decided to keep it anyway


This product is advertised as having 65% cotton.  As far as I can tell by the feel of the fabric, there is not even 1% cotton in this item.  I can't wear it, it is 100% polyester.  There is no composition tag on the garment.  A big fat lie. I will never wear this, I can't, it is synthetic 100%.


I actually really like this dress (I tried on the pink and black floral one), but found it unflattering on my body type (5'2" and a size 16-18). What I could not readily tell from the pictures and description is that the lower part of the back of the dress is all box pleats (it doesn't mirror the front of the dress). Super cute, but not what a girl with a curvy behind wants to go for. Also, the top was SNUG. Not inappropriate, but just very...defining of the upper half. As a rather modest person with a large chest, I prefer not to have it all sticking out there quite so obviously. I had planned to add a belt to the dress, but that made the chest area even more accentuating and without the belt the dress kind of looked like something was missing. So I returned it. All that to say...good quality, but not the dress for me. :)


I love this dress! It looks just like the picture. It's a thicker material which really surprised me. 5he color was perfect. I'm very happy with this purchase. I added a belt and was great to go to my husband's graduation.  I ordered a medium  I'm 5'5 and 135 pounds. It fit perfectly


I own this dress in five different designs - that’s how much I love it. As a well endowed, short and curvy girl this dress fits like a dream and makes an excellent work outfit. Can not recommend enough!


For reference, I am 5’3”, 185 lbs and have a 36 GG bust and the large fits like a dream.


Pleasantly surprised by the quality and fit of this dress! The material is comfortable and I love how the skirt portion of the dress flows beautifully and falls in the right places. What you can't really see from the picture is the pleats on the skirt itself which is very flattering for the body shape. I'm 5'3 weighting 130lbs and I fit perfectly in size M. Can't wait to try out other styles from this brand.


Hands down THEE BEST DRESS you can order for yourself on Amazon! Amazingly light and comfortable. Wore this to my sister's wedding, added a smart red belt to it (also purchased here on Amazon) and got so many complements on how I looked. I couldn't believe all the hype and good reviews on this dress at first, but now I am a believer!! I've only washed it once, in the permanent press cycle, and so far so good. I did order both my size and a size up, and the size up fit me better. Also, I knew this dress was already special, but then I ran into a customer at work who was wearing this dress but a different pattern and we started talking about how comfortable it is and how she didn't believe all the reviews at first either. Yes, this dress is that amazing and you'll love it just like everyone else is!


The dress, fabric, print, construction are good - but the design is awful. This fit me like a babydoll dress! I usually wear fit and flare dresses and this was obviously constructed for a shorter woman. I am 5'6" and weigh 120. I typically wear a US4. Returning.


I love this dress. I ordered it for a friend's baby shower and it was perfect. Quality is good. I ordered a Large and it fit great. I'm 5'7" and 145lbs, 36C cup. I could have used a medium if my bust was smaller.


Obsessed with this dress. I ordered it for Easter and could not be happier. The material is comfortable and the pockets are my favorite. The length is just right so you don't have to worry about bending over and what not. I will definitely be ordering more in the future.


