Nope nope nope


Smell was terrible. The material was not nice at all. It was not flattering. I think the dress would have look good on thinner bodies. But still I found other dresses in Amazon that were better and less expensive.


I usually wear a size 16 so I ordered a x-large for the blue floral dress and it was a bit loose. So for the red and black floral dress I ordered a large and it fit better. I would say that I am a pear shape. Small on the top and bigger on the bottom.  Absolutely love both dresses and plan to buy more different ones.


lovely dress, ordered two sizes up but don't like the fall at the back with the pleats.  a flat bottom size 14-16 will have no problem with this dress.


The dress is cute but I retuned it.  Unfortunately, the top was way to tight and the skirt was to long and puffy. I'm usually a medium/ large. I'm 5'2, 30 lbs. I don't think its made for short girls.


Great dress, comfortable, and the colors/design look just as good in person. Plus, IT HAS POCKETS!!!


The black and yellow dresses are great, but the yellow top doesn't seem to be as thick/lined which makes finding a bra to wear under it pretty difficult


I love this dress (black with white polka dots). It's a slightly different fabric (thinner, slight sheen, stretchier) than the dual color versions (which I also own & like), better in my opinion. Nice retro-y style; looks great with a wide cinch belt in a pop of color. Wish they made more color/pattern options in this fabric!


I bought this dress and have gotten SO many compliments! It flares beautiful when I walk and it has pockets. It’s easy to wash and dry, I really like it.


I do recommend using it with high heels because otherwise the length will make your legs look short. I’ll be buying it in every color!


Nice dress for the price. Runs a bit large. I am 5’4 132lbs and got size S. It would be too loose on someone smaller. And they don’t have XS.


I'm very happy with this dress. I ordered a M and usually wear a M. I'm a middle school AP and bought this dress for graduation. Love the longer sleeve and the length is perfect. I'm 5'4" and it is just at or just below the knee. I am definitely consider buying more!!!


I love my new dress! I love that it has pockets... but something unexpected was that it's super thick, good quality material. So while I won't be wearing it in the middle of summer heat, it's a perfect spring dress!


