I ordered this dress for a wedding recently and it was better than expected! Based on other reviews, I ordered a XXL and it fit well (generally wear a 12-14 and 36G bra for reference). The fabric and cut are very forgiving and the pockets are a major plus! I got a lot of compliments on the dress and wish I had a reason to wear it again!


Love it. It fit well. I got the xl. Im 5'8 and 200lbs. Bought it for a date night and i was surprised it actually fit well and was long enough.  Its hard to tell when you buy clothes online but this was pretty true to the description


Love this dress! I wear a 12-14 and I ordered the 2XL and it fits great. I love the material and the pattern on the dress. It also has pockets on the sides. Definitely recommend this dress to all!


What a great dress esp for work!! It has pockets on both sides (finally!), a work appropriate hem line, and the material is the kind where you can sit for hours but never show a wrinkle!  It's not too see-through but I still prefer to wear a 24" slip underneath. I'm 5'6", 150 lbs and the medium fits great. Btw, the shoes in the pic were also purchased on Amazon. They are the Nine West Elvira Suede Wedge Pump in navy blue. Perfect outfit for work: comfy, practical yet classy.


This dress exceeded my expectations! I'm always hesitant to purchase clothes online, but I'm glad I did for this one. The top is a thick matieral that holds everything in place. The bottom is a breathable, flowy material and hits right at my knees. It may be a little see through in the right light, so I woods suggest spanx or a slip. The sleeves are a little snug, but for how much I love everything else about it, I can deal. I got the size 2x which is the largest size they offered and I'm 5'8" 210lbs.


I wore it to work for the first time today and got so many compliments. I ordered 3 more in different colors. I have a half sleeve tattoo so I adore that it covers them for professional events.


I love this dress! It fits nicely and looks really cute. My chest is 40DD and I got an XXL and it fits nicely. I purchased it to wear to my sister's bridal shower in August, but the fabric is too heavy to wear during the summer. I'm keeping it anyway! The only thing I have a problem with is that the zipper is nearly impossible to do up on your own.


Nice dress. It's comfortable and fit just perfect. Make sure to follow the chart with the measurements they suggest. I loved it.


Excuse the work bathroom pic!  I love this dress so much!  After reading the reviews I decided to get a size medium even though I'm typically a size small and wear a size 4-6.  I'm 5'10" have a 26-27" waist and weigh 140-145 lbs.  The medium fits really well and the dress is long enough on me!  I have a difficult time finding dresses and skirts that are long enough and this hits me right around me knee which is how I like it for work.  The top and bottom of the dress are different fabrics and think this would be appropriate for any season.  I'll probably buy a second dress in a different pattern.  Definitely recommend!


Absolutely beautiful! I usually fall somewhere between a small and a medium depending on the brand and after reading the sizing chart, I went with a medium. I'm a 34D and this fit wonderfully. The material is thick and seems sturdy and it's just a perfect dress for work. I'm 5'6" also and you can see the length in the photos (5'10" with those heels). I purchase the navy with the floral skirt and it's simply beautiful and so classy. Highly recommend.


This dress is the truth size. Im 5.8 and 135 pounds, it was short for me, so I added something in the dress


