Love It! Ordered L and XL  (bust 44, waist 33) but the large was perfect. I decide to wear a belt with it. Just perfect of you are a little larger on top. It stretches. A medium would've also worked, but I like the comfort of the large.


Adorable! I didn't order up, I ordered a small and it fits perfectly. I'm 5'3" and about 125lbs. So comfortable. Pockets. Everything about this dress is great. The color is a bit more of a royal blue than navy, though. It's still great. Classy and comfy!


Hi guys! Usually I don't write reviews much but this time I felt like I needed to because I absolutely love this dress!! Material feels nice and good quality. Fitting is perfect too!


4'11 weight 127lbs and a small fit me just right. However, if you preferred relaxed-fit then order 1 size up. Extra point for the pockets!


*Updated Review* I received the L and it fits perfectly! Great dress, very comfy, and flattering! I typically wear a L in store so I’d say this dress runs true to size. Ignore the sizing chart and don’t rely completely on the reviews to figure out your size. If you wear a large in store typically buy a large, if you wear a medium buy a medium, etc...


I am 5’3” and 165lbs. According to the sizing chart I would need an XXL but I ordered an XL based off the reviews. Tried it on and it turns out I actually need a L instead as the dress is baggy thru the mid section. I’ve returned the XL and have the L coming. I will update review on fit once I receive it.


This is such a pretty dress I came across on Amazon. It fits so well if you're skinny to light healthy. I chose the blue color perfect for work or even parties too. Very satisfied with the dress and price paid.


So I received this dress in two days. awesome!! it fits just as expected...per other reviews I chose a 2XL. so glad I did. I am 5'3 and a size us14) obviously the dress runs small. but it is super comfortable!! stretchy fabric. Love the pockets!! the material in my opinion can work in the winter or summer all depends on you. will order more in other colors...thanks Amazon!! I'm all about pictures but right now I'm unable to. sorry


Love, looks exactly like the picture. I am 5' 4" and I weigh 143 lbs fits just right , I ordered size medium.


I love it; it’s perfect. I ordered it as a professional dress for my speech competitions, but I wanted something with a kick. It’s great, it has the old fashioned look, the length is perfect on me-right where I want it. I got a bright green watch to add something extra that pops. As for size, definitely order what you normally wear. I normally wear a medium but I saw a lot of people saying order one up, I chose not to and went with medium. It fits great; it’s almost a little loose. The pockets are great, I can set something in them and it doesn’t look awkward. I fit my index cards in one pocket perfectly and you couldn’t even tell they were in there. The fabric is very comfortable and if it’s too big on you it is 65% cotton so you could shrink it a bit with a warm wash cycle. The dress fits to my curves and compliments my body. For size reference I am 5” 4 and weigh 140 pounds.


I would buy this dress again; this dress was exactly what I was looking for.


Thank you.


Cute dress and flattering if you're a little curvy. I normally buy a medium but I bought a large based on other reviews and the large fit perfectly. I am 5'4", about medium weight with a little bit of a bigger chest size, and the large fit perfectly. The dress goes to my knees which is perfect for work, especially since I'm a teacher.  Great if I have to go to an event or out to dinner after work. I'd definitely recommend this dress, especially for the low price!


Great quality, a little bit see through nothing that cannot be fixed. Great. It fits so good, I'm L, order L, and fits awesome


