This is such a great dress!  I've worn it to work twice now and get so many compliments!  It fits well and has great pockets.  I love this dress so much, I'm looking at other color options.  To summarize - lovely print, great style, perfect fit and has pockets!


This is a beautifully made, soft, feminine, dress. Great for office dressed up. Fantastic for any event. Weddings, Shopping, Dinner. I told my husband it's so unbelievably soft I'd sleep in it.


I love this dress!  I only have one comment.  As a very small busted woman, please note the top is not as form fitting I had hoped.  Other than that, this dress is amazing!


This dress is SO cute! I have a long torso, so it looks just the tiniest bit odd on me, but the bottom is so colorful and fun I wear it all the time anyways. Great material, a bit thin on top, but for the price you can beat it!


I never buy clothes online because I am always scared of the size differences. After reading a ton of reviews I decided to take a chance and I am glad I did. I listened to what others said and went a couple sizes up. I am 5'2", 38D and weigh 180 so I went with the 2XL and it fit perfectly! The dress is well made the material doesn't feel cheap and hello pockets!! You can't go wrong with pockets on a dress its my favorite detail.


I always concern about the fabric and cut while I purchase any clothing. In both ways I am satisfied with the purchase. The material is pretty thick so it's perfect for chilly weather. Not so summery dress. But still wearable in the summer. I washed (not machine wash) it one time and still fine. No wrinkle at all. May be I don't need to ironing. The cut and stitch  are nicely done. So I think I got exactly what I paid for.


I loved how this dress fit and flattered my figure without making me feel fat and ordered another one as soon as I tried it on!  I love the roomy pockets and comfortable fit!


Love this dress. SO comfortable, and it has pockets! I'm planning on buying another.


I am very disappointed. I received a dress, but it was not at all the dress I ordered. It says XL and fits my daughter who is a small. The one I got is almost floor length with polka dots all over it.


Not quite the quality I had expected. Fit a little strange too.


