This dress is cute but I will be returning it for the following reasons:  1. The pockets are set right below the waist which is really awkward.  2.  The neckline gaps in the front AND the back, but the dress fits correctly everywhere else.  3.  The seam at the waist is not sewn correctly, so it flips up at one point and down at another, creating a weird bulge.  4.  The dots are not matched where the top and bottom meet, making the waistline look odd.  5. The fabric is textured, not smooth, which makes it seem cheap.


Beautiful dress - I bought it as an alternative to the Lularoe Amelia, and I actually think it fits better than the Amelia - much more flattering. Thick, quality material, I sized up one based on the reviews (I normally wear a medium: 36B, 30", 39",  5'4") so I purchased a large and it is perfect. Love it, highly recommend.


This dress is BEAUTIFUL. I am 5'7, 230 and this dress fits well without being a struggle to zip (I can pull it on while zipped, actually) I would say it's a bit larger than a standard do, which I appreciate because I can breathe while wearing it.


Absolutely incredible quality for price, I receive multiple compliments. I have a high waist and it falls perfectly, so not sure how it could compliment lower waisted folk.


Purchased pink top with navy blue/yellow flower skirt


Thanks for making such a beautiful affordable dresss! I'm in love.


I hated to send this back. The cut of this dress and the fabric is very flattering. However, the back of the dress near my shoulders has so much extra material that it bunches out several inches;  when I put on a cardigan it looked super awkward and obvious. Maybe ladies who have larger breasts will fit into this dress, but I'm smaller and didn't' fill it out.


These dresss are sooooo cute as they have pockets!!! I purchased two of them and get compliments on them all the time. I am 5’8” and 125 lbs. I ordered a medium as I don’t like my dresses too tight. I love the material and the fit. If you are normally between sizes (ie a smalls or medium) pick the larger size when ordering (ie a medium).


This dress has been awesome for second trimester maternity wear. The waist is high enough and the skirt "swingy" enough that it flatters a little bump without being restrictive at all. Strongly recommend for that awkward window of trying to dress for work while pregnant but before you're far enough along to throw in the towel completely on looking professional. I typically wear a small and ordered a medium- fits well, but snug in the chest/shoulders (though it is accommodating my pregnancy chest, which is 32DDD).


Absolutely perfect.  I wear a size 12 and ordered an XL in this thinking it might run small ... I have room without it being too big.  Fits very flattering and is a perfect length.  I am 5'3 and it hits level with my knees.  Has a back zipper.  Well made.  Beautiful colors (exactly as pictured).  Love this dress!


I fall in love with this dress! I am 50years old and I feel like 20. I am 5'6"  and 175 pounds weight. I order the XL and it fits perfect


I love this dress, it's very comfortable and I received a lot of compliments. I almost ordered a large because the reviews say to go a size up. I ended up ordering a medium. The medium was almost too big! I'm 5'6 and 140lbs, I feel like I could have gotten away with a small even though I usually do wear a medium. Maybe they changed their sizing on this since the reviews? I'm not sure but I hope this helps someone else out!


This dress always gets compliments!  All day long at work people coment about how pretty this dress is.  The fabric is substantial and the dress is made well.  Colors are vibrant.  This dress has convenient hidden pockets in the skirt part which is a total plus.  I am 5 foot 4 in., 160# and a size 12/14 and the XL fit me perfectly.  I got the red/black and the navy/tan.  Had to buy two because I love this dress so much.


