Cute, but material is thin, will wear a slip under. I wear a size 8 and the medium fits perfectly.


This dress is adorable!  I ended up having to return and order in a size smaller.  I haven't received my replacement yet, but am sure hoping for a perfect fit!


Bought this for my wife, and it fit beautifully. She loved the material, she loves how comfortable it is.


Super flattering, comfortable, and professional. I’m 5’8” and it touched just below my knees. I’ve never gotten so many compliments at work!


This is the second dress of this design i have bought for myself and I love it just as much as the first. The pockets are fantastic!


I loved the color and cut of this dress! I'm 5'6 and 150 pounds and the medium is perfect! It stops just below the knee! Great quality and the material is soft! I will definitely order this same style dress in multiple colors!


I had a big annual meeting coming up and didn't have time to go shopping before I left so I ordered this dress and OMG. I get compliments on it every time I wear it. The material really is sturdy and doesn't feel cheap at all and it's so flattering! I'm 5'5- curvy and usually wear a L or size 12. I ordered the XL as the other reviews suggested to go up a size and it was perfect. I want it in every color!


Super cute dress!  It came yesterday RIGHT before I was headed out for a xmas party so I changed into it instead.  Love that it has pockets.  The fabric is comfy.  It's a flattering cut on me.  The medium fits perfectly - 5'4", 140lbs.  My only criticism would be that the pockets aren't located where my hands naturally go for pockets (they seem a little high and far back), and that they're a lot smaller than I thought they'd be (my Samsung S6 almost sticks out, and could fall out if I don't adjust it before sitting).  I would definitely buy this same dress in other patterns, but the other four currently available are not my taste.


I am glad I checked reviews as I would not have ordered a size up.  It's comfortable and easy care.


Perfect fit.


