I couldn't be happier with this dress. The quality is much better than I expected and fits perfectly. It really is beautiful I have such a hard time finding clothes because I sell luxury real estate in Arizona. Trying to find something that's comfortable, professional, is flowy to handle our heat, and flattering for someone like me who's a big girl is not easy. As soon as I got this I ordered another one in a different pattern. Can't recommend this enough. I tried i with a wide fun belt and it's cute with or without a belt. I'm 5'6" and wear a large/XL. I have broad shoulder so usually get an XL in the top and that's what i Ordered in the dress. I think a large would've worked as well but I prefer a more loose fit and the XL was perfect for me. The length is as shown in the photo.


Omg... love this dress! Very flowy and makes me feel young again! I love the flowers on the dress and love the material!


I'm giving this 3 1/2 stars. The pockets are a great touch, even though they aren't deep. After reading most of the reviews, I decided to buy 3 of these. For reference I'm 5"7 160 lbs and measurements are 42-33-41. I ordered a large and it fit great. It's not too tight/loose it's very comfortable. The waist of the dress is a little high, it hit between my natural waist and under my chest. It looked good from the front but it highlights your rear end. If you are self conscious about that, I wouldn't buy this. I have a slight Kim Kardashian/J.Lo rear and while I don't like how it's highlighted it's not a deal breaker. What you can't see in the pics posted is that the skirt has sort of a mini waffle weave. I didn't see that in the description maybe I missed it? I don't think this enhances the item and it looks kinda cheap to me. It wasn't itchy and there weren't any stains or loose threads. I didn't expect Saks etc. quality but I expected it be somewhat better that Wal**rt or T**get which it wasn't. I wouldn't wear this to work I would wear this to a backyard bbq or lunch with friends with the understanding we weren't dressing up. I don't know how it will turn out when washed in cold and dried on delicate or even air dried. I'm not sorry I bought these but I wouldn't do it again.


Comfy, classic looking, nice material. Plus, it has pockets!


After many disappointments with buying clothes on Amazon, I was prepared with low expectations. Typically I spend way too much time reading reviews just to figure out if I order a med or a 3lx. I took a chance here and it's pretty all around perfect.


First, I'm 5'4, 136 and usually wear a 10 in pants and a 6-8 top. I ordered the Medium and it's just perfect. The waist sits a little high, not quite Empire but high enough to flow over problem areas and give a slim profile. The top is stretchy, I didn't find the arms too tight. The back zipper is a tad difficult but once on it's worth it. I was expecting the dress to be heavier after reading the reviews but it's not that bad. It's not a wisp of a summer dress but I need it for work and this is perfect in ac. I'm so pleased. The color is deep royal blue and looks so much more expensive than it is. I'm back to buy more.


I didn't want to get a L based on the prior reviews, so I went with an XL. It's just a little little bit too big. I put it with a big black belt and it fit just fine. I am short so it's a bit long. I just put some heels on and it's perfect. The top is perfect because I am a D cup, so I recommend to upside for that reason. It does have some stretch and it has thick material.


I always worry ordering online about size. Normally I would order a small but because of the design and my chest size 34DD I decided to go medium. And it fits great!!! The material seems solid not thin and cheap. Cannot wait to wear it out.


Very pretty dresses. I ordered one in pink and one in navy. Both were very small so I ordered a size up and it is still a little tighter than I wanted. The pink one had a terrible chemical smell that almost could pass for cigarette smoke and I had to wash it right away.


Just ok - nothing special.  Worth the cost, but don't expect anything extra.  I ordered a full 2 sizes up at least and glad I did.  The skirt is roomy but the knit top would look tight if it was smaller.  I am short - only 5'4" and it definitely looks shorter on me than the model pictured.  It is below the knee though  - barely - so it is ok with me. Frankly, I bought to have an emergency go to dress for the unexpected so wanted something that can hang in the closet until needed that is not season specific and not fitted to size too closely so I could wear it any time with ease.  I will likely need a cardigan over it if it is not worn in the hot summer months where that is not practical because the waist rides too high to look right.  I knew it was not going to be exactly at natural waist but hoped by sizing up, it would be loose enough to fit closer to where it should.  If you don't have boobs, then perhaps it will hang a bit lower but would assume then it would be too baggy.  So it is ok - just looks a bit boxy but should be easy to wear.


I got mine for church. Material is of good quality. I got a small im 130lb 5'5". Fits right below the knee. Looks decent and loads of compliments


