Very comfortable, all stretch material. Easy care. Material is just thick enough so you do not need a slip. Very forgiving in the waist and bust. Zipper back, but you can just slide it over your head...easy peasy.


Nicely stitched. Oh, and two side pockets, yay!


Lovely, comfortable dress at a great price. The fabric and style is forgiving for many imperfect body types. I tried it on as soon as recived and the fit is exactly as expected. I am looking forward to wearing it this weekend. I have been losing weight and this will still fit after losing 10 lbs. I can always use a belt to make it work even longer. I plan to buy more in other colors.


Order a size up.  This looks like a little kids dress.  Too short - I am 5'7'.  The picture is not correct. Cheap material. Horrible.


This dress is amazing. Don’t question buying it. It fits perfectly and is so flattering. I’m 5’10”, 195 lbs, size 38 DDD and the large fit me PERFECTLY. I’m very self conscience about the fat around my midsection and this dress does the most in flattering my body shape.


The dress and material were great, but this was way too short waisted on me. The waist started almost directly under my breasts, so I looked very short and stumpy in the dress. I imagine if you have the right body type this would look fantastic, but I just don't have that body. It's a shame b/c it's a really pretty dress and so comfortable when I tried it on!


Cute dress with a nice swing, great for social dancing. Heavier fabric than I expected. Zips up at the back. Looks great paired with a belt. I'm 5'5, about 125 pounds, and normally wear small. Bought this in medium and it looks good and feels comfortable. Fits me one inch below the knee.


I did order a size up (I ordered a L, usually a M) and it fit well. I am 5'9" and it hits at the top of the lnee. It is fitted in the bust are so I would not recommend for large bust. Sleeves are snug. Soft material


This is a timeless, sophisticated, and very modest dress.  I wore it to work yesterday and got one compliment.  The fit is decently flattering, though I think it could have been nipped in just a bit more at the hips.  I'm 5'3" with a larger bust and I normally wear a 2 or 4; the small fits me well (with a little extra room in the waist and plenty of extra room in the hips), and the length is OK with heels (I would not wear this with flats).  If you're any shorter than I am, you might want to consider a different option, or you could have it hemmed.  I'd recommend the dress for work, a religious function (if that's your thing), a family function, or any other setting where you want to look casually elegant and ladylike.


Based on all the reviews, I ordered a Large. I usually wear anything from a 6 to a 12 dress. I’m basically a 12 on the bottom but I wear small and medium tops - 36D, 30, 44. I didn’t want this to be too snug so I figured Large would do it. It’s SWIMMING on me and it makes my ass look like the size of a barge. It’s exceptionally unflattering from the back. I have a very proportionate body and never worry if my backside looks big, but this make it look comically huge. The quality is good for the price and I’m sure it’s cute in the right size, but I would not recommend sizing up. If I exchange this, I’ll be ordering a Small.


This dress is great if you have a long torso. I am petite (5'4) and the dark top hits right *above my waist, so the print fabric flares out from there, making me look wider in the middle. If the dark too part was just two inches longer I'd buy it in different colors. The fabric is thicker and higher quality than expected for the price. The style is comparable to the Amelia dress by a more expensive company. I wear a medium but read reviews and did order up and got a large, which fit great, but again was slightly longer in length given my height. My advice is to buy it and see how it fits your body. The company was great about the return and it's a wonderful deal for the price.


