I love this dress. If you are fond of LuLaRoe's Amelia dress, you will love it too- very similar for half the price. I followed the size chart which resulted in sizing up from what I normally buy, but the result is a great fit. I am very full chested and feel like this dress flatters my figure very well. The material is of a nice quality and the dress is very well made.


This dress is EXACTLY as pictured. I'm 5'2", 32B, 24 inch waist, and it looks awesome (I got a small). The sleeves aren't skin tight (I have probably an inch or so of room), but that's fine. I would recommend getting a belt with it - I'm wearing it with a light yellow skinny belt and nude heels. The material is thicker than I expected, and the print is crisp and clear; it's not a cheap-looking dress. It's stretchy, but not too stretchy. No slip needed for this.


I will note that if you're short like me, this dress will come a few inches below the knee (a little lower than the model in the picture). I'm good with that since I wear this to work, but for shorter girls who don't want that look, you'll have to take the skirt up a little bit.


Plus, it's got POCKETS!!!!!!!! The pockets are AWESOME. They don't make the skirt puff out weirdly around your hips or anything, and they're big enough for my iPhone 7 Plus with an Otterbox case. Buy this dress! You won't be disappointed!!


This dress fits well and is comfy and classic and great for work when you're not feeling up to putting a lot of effort in your look but still want to look great.  It does that.  The issue is that the material is kind of cheap and it's see through.  You either have to wear a slit or um, wing it.  The fact that this dress has pockets outweighs all of the cons.


The fabric is nice and heavy, I don't think it would wrinkle at all.  The colors are nice and the length is good.  I was planning on wearing this to a work conference.  But I chose to return it because the cut around the hips really made the area look bigger than it is!  If this is a problem area for you I think the fit would work for that however.


First I'll start with a review of my order and then move on to a review of the dress.  I ordered this dress in "blue + white" and received a black dress with a very large, very bright yellow stripe on the skirt...huge disappointment.  I tried the dress on to see if I wanted a refund or an exchange for the blue and after trying it on, I decided that I didn't like it enough to exchange so I have asked for a refund.  The material is nice and heavy, not see through at all.  I'm 5'1, 150 pounds and the medium fit nicely.  On my particular body type (a little heavier on hips and butt than waist and top), I felt the pleats on the skirt made me look larger than I am (and the large yellow stripe certainly didn't help).  The length on me fell right where it falls in the models picture.  Overall, not a bad dress, maybe in the correct color and pattern I would have just hung it in the closet.


This is probably my favorite dress that I own, now.  I wore it to a wedding recently.  I had to be in the dress literally all day!  The material is very comfortable.  It moves and drapes nicely.  I got countless compliments on it.  Even from total strangers. The pockets are a great bonus.  I was able to keep my phone on my person without it weighing the dress down and looking awkward.


I would recommend!


The navy blue is more purple than navy. The dress made me look heavier than I am (no thanks, don't need any assistance with that) unless I cinched it with a belt & I am not a fan of wearing belts.Plus if you are in a warm climate, the fabric at the top portion is a thicker polyester fabric and might be an invitation to sweat city.


I was concerned the top of the "Pink Flower Patchwork" dress would be sheer or too light as to be unflattering, but the material is just heavy enough not to be hot but also that you can't see through it. I did end up wearing a slip under, but I think in the future I will skip the slip in favor of a more seamless bra. I am 5'7" and 125lbs with an "athletic" body type, and the small fit perfect on me. I love that this dress falls right below my knee, perfect for work, and the cut gives me a more traditionally feminine silhouette. Perfect for women who are looking to create a more hourglass shape. I'm sure it would be even more ideal on those with a naturally curvy body, but I would size up if you're particularly busty. I'm a 32A and I cant imagine the small could have accommodated much more in the chest area, especially if your tall and/or have wide shoulders.


I wear a 14/16 and bought the xxl. Its comfy and long enough past my knees but I am a shorty 5 3". It was tight around the chest though. I had to have someone zip it up with some effort lol. So if your 38 D beware.


Ordered dress in XL since I'm 10/12 US size. It fit very well and I had extra space. The dress is modest and beautiful. If you like the classy and modest look, this is your dress!!


