Purchased this dress to wear on Easter and I'm happy. Fits very nice and I love the pattern. My only complaint is that the material the top is made of is pretty thick and feels like I'll be sweating.


There's a reason they don't show this dress with a real person wearing it--the proportions are all wrong.  The bodice is far too short, so the skirt is about four inches above the waist.  It looks ridiculous.


Plus, the pink is really more like peach.


Was rather disappointed with this dress, in person it does not look as elegant and the material is rather thick. I would have to really accessorize it for it to look good and I really was not expecting to because of the patterns. Also had a weird smell


I wore this dress to a wedding and it was so comfortable. I love the sleeve length because I am not a fan of my arms. It made me feel really pretty. I am a size 18, 5-2, 185lbs. I purchased the XL.


Good quality but I would not recommend this dress to girls who are under 5'3 as this was pretty long for me. It said medium will be better fit for someone in range 125 lb and above but for me it was very loose. I wish the dress was a little smaller and I went for a Small size.


I ordered one size up and it fits perfectly, it's a very flattering dress, I dropped one star only because the fabric was not what I was expecting. The top is a very soft cotton t short feel and the bottom is a thin stretchy material. I will say I got the black and white floral pattern and depsite the thin fabric, it is not see through. Over all I love this dress, but it is not quite the quality I was expecting.


Fit exactly how I thought looks exactly like picture


Please do not go by other comments. This runs big!! I listened to everyone and ordered a size up and it is so big! I lost weight, toned and shaped my body, and I took precise measurements of myself.  Please order your correct size when purchasing this dress. Taking measurements also helps. Runs big!!! By the way..... I am a size 12, 165 lbs 5'5.


Bought my usual size.  Couldn't get this on - WAY too small.  Returned it.


This item had a horrible smell out of the packaging.  I tried washing to remove the smell.  Washed on cold water gentle cycle and threads started to come apart.  Didn't even bother placing in the dryer.  I contacted Amazon and they issued a refund.


