I wore this to a wedding and received a lot of compliments on it. It's super cute.


One of the few times, if ever, that I ordered something nice online and it came exactly as described and fit perfect. Love this dress - bright colors, looks really nice, has pockets, and material is stretchy! What else could you ask for?


This dress is perfect for a business casual office environment. Its also great for a dinner date too. Very versatile. It fits well, the material is nice quality, thick and come on, the skirt has pockets!!! I love the fullness of the skirt and how simple the top is.


Is beautiful dress excellent quality beautiful color purple ideal for a meeting or party I love thanks!!


LOVE.THIS.SO.MUCH!  It's flattering and super comfortable. Bought it during and Ambiem-induced Amazon shopping spree.  Ended up with three dresses and a Nerf gun (but why?). Two of those three are going back.  Amazon should have a special password for sleep drunk purchases.


This dress will be worn to a wedding next June but is perfect for the office.  AND THERE ARE POCKETS!!!!!!!!!!  Thanks Ambien!


I order a large which is supposed to be a 14. It is NOT a 14. It is more like a 10-12.


The dress fit perfectly. And it had a nice bit of stretch to it, so it fit everywhere nicely (arms and bust). I received so many compliments on this dress. I paired it with a small belt and a nice necklace. It was very comfortable. I highly recommend it.


This dress was such a pleasant surprise! The quality is very good for the price, it is not puffy, but a fullish skirt that is made of textured material. I'm going to wear it tomorrow for parent teacher conferences (I'm a teacher) as it is elegant without being too much so. The color is exactly as pictured, lovely!


Love colors and fit. But fabric on the bottom is too cheap and snags very easily and is not durable.


I'm talking over 10 snags from one day of regular wear: wedding ring, dog, kids, Velcro, things


I walked by... everything snags it. Wish they would remake it with higher quality more durable fabric on the skirt part.


The bottom of the dress and around the waist fit perfectly, but the shoulders are tight. The zip was a bit catchy and I was worried at first I wouldn't be able to zip it up, but I got it in the end and it looks super cute on me. I love the pockets as well. They don't stick out obviously like a lot of skirt or dress pockets do and they're deep enough to be of use. Honestly, the only reason this isn't getting any more than three stars is that of the shoulders since I love everything else. So, if you're unsure of sizing go one size larger than your usual! Especially if you have a bit of fat on your upper arms.


In any case, I'm definitely wearing this my first-day teaching.


