Loved the dress!


i saw this dress for a long time & finally bought it just before i went to Europe.


Got many compliments.


I bought a Medium size dress. i am 145 lbs, size 34C.


The length comes just below the knes.


Wonderful fabric & love the pockets.


Must buy!


I love this dress! It’s so comfortable and has two pockets. I bought it for work in an office environment and get compliments all the time. Definitely good quality material.


I give this dress five stars because it is outstanding!  It fit well and it has a lovely pattern.  However, I just didn't love the way I looked in it.  I felt kind of like Adele, which isn't a bad thing, just not my style.  Someone super slim would look dynamite in it.


I was hesitant to buy a long sleeved dress online, but I am glad I bought this one. Super cute, comfortable...and it has pockets!! Perfect for fall. I love it, and plan to buy another one in a different design.


I just got this today. I opted to go large and it’s a bit big on top, but nothing a belt can’t fix. For reference, I’m 5’11”, 165lbs, and 36DD bust. The material is good, won’t need a slip.


I just received this dress today and tried it on. It fit exactly great and basically looked like it did in the picture. It's comfy, the skirt covers my knees standing up, and the pockets are substantial in size. I'm really excited to wear this dress to work, and it probably won't be long before I buy it in another color (maybe as soon as the next color I want coming back into stock in my size.).


This dress fit so much better than another dress from the same seller in a different pattern. I love the fabric and am excited to add it to my church dress rotation.


I get lots of compliments on this dress. I love how affordable it is and how flattering it looks. I was nervous about buying a dress unseen, but this dress fit perfectly and I've already worn it to weddings, events and more. I love it.


Seems to be quality fabric. Fits as expected. Love the pockets. The only strange thing is the laundry directions seem to be from another language: What is "drifting"?


I love these dresses! Perfect for work! They are comfy, look amazing AND they have pockets! I own about 8 different patterns/colors and I always get compliments.


