First clothing purchase from Amazon. I ordered this to wear for engagement photos, and it was great! Super comfy, has pockets, and feels relatively high quality for the price. The photo I've included here is pre-steaming, which you should be prepared to do as it comes a bit wrinkled. Fits as expected and is stretchy and comfy.


Great brand of dresses. cute and chic


Love this dress! Great for work and good quality. Bought another style too!


Absolutely terrible. The fabric is low quality. Who was this small dress made for? I’m 5’3 115, and this looks like a large on me.


GREAT DRESS! I am SO impressed with the quality of this dress for the price. I tend to purchase this shape and style of dresses often, as it is flattering to my body type (I'm 5'1" and curvy, with a smaller upper waist). Usually, I pay much, much more for dresses of this sort however, this is my first time giving Amazon a try. I'm so glad I did. The material is thick but breathable. I purchased this to wear at an outdoor graduation, and it will be perfect. I wasn't expecting to wear this for much else however, I'm always on the hunt for appropriate attire for court, and this will be perfect. It has some stretch to it, and fits snug where you'd want it, and flows out beautifully at the upper waist. The pleats are wonderful, and lay perfectly. Pockets are an added bonus! I have a lot of 'Amelia's' by a popular direct sales clothing company, which I won't name, and this is the same, if not better. I wish there were more colors/patterns, as I would buy them all.


I ordred a size up. I usually wear an XL or 14/16. I'm 5'8" and a 36D bra. This fit very well. I just have to take in the waist juuuust a bit. Otherwise, it's perfect. Good quality material.


lovely dress the material at the bottom is a bit thin


Overall the dress fits well. The skirt is a little thin but overall very pleased. I ordered this dress again in another color.


Pretty dress, good quality from what I saw, but I couldn’t fit it over my fat arms.


will recommend it as daily dress


