I was expecting an okay dress, as I hardly ever spend more than $20 on a dress when buying online. The dress was stained, had a rio in two places, and was a totally different materials than advertised or expected. The look is nothing like the model and I am extremely upset with this.


i ordered a 2x and it fit well. However, i didn't expect it to be so long on me (I'm 5'1). Other than that, it's really pretty and i like it. It also makes my butt look bigger so that's great 😂


Everything about this dress is awesome.  It looks great on my short, round figure.  It’s comfortable, packs great, washes well.  Dresses up or down nicely.  I 💕💕💕 it.  Will look for more items from this collection.


Unflattering if you have rather large hips like me (size 16 dress): the big, wide pleats make the hips appear even larger, and the big flowered print makes the hip size even more exaggerated. I returned it.


Pros: This dress is lovely, I ordered the one in maroon and it looks great on me


Cons: This is not machine washable, it's meant for dry clean only and I prefer former because dry-cleaning is expensive.


Very comfortable dress with great drape! I'm impressed with the quality for the price. Will definitely be buying more!


Love this dress!!! It is comfortable. I can put my phone in the pockets and it does not alter the look of the dress. It is flattering to a full figure gal. Material is breathable and NOT scratchy.


It is a well made dress, the skirt material is nice. The top is heavier than I expected and warmer. Very full coverage. Not a great dress for summer, but will be lovely in the fall and winter. The length is perfect, right below the knees. I am 5'9" and normally a size 6.  I bought a M because even though I'm not busty (36B) my shoulders are broad and the fit is perfect.


I ordered a size larger due to other comments and it fits perfectly. The fabric is nice and stretches giving the dress a very comfortable feel. The colors are fantastic! I love this dress. I plan on getting other colors.


I have a little bigger than average body type but I can fit in a medium/large in most brands. I decided to change a medium with this dress and it fits perfectly! I will be buying more in different colors!


