I liked this dress but I sent it back.  The fabric feels great.  I imagine it is incredibly comfortable to wear.  It is also cute!  The length was great ... touching the floor like I like.  The sleeves fit me well but I have long arms.


I am 5 ft. 4 in. and weight 160 lbs.  I am also a 34 DD so the part I didn't like was how far the top of the dress had to stretch to accommodate my bust.  I could have fit into a medium I'm sure but I ordered a large because typically, the tops of dresses are too small for my bust.  I didn't like how see-through it was over my chest so unfortunately, I returned it.  If it hadn't been for that, I would have kept it for sure.


Overall I do like this dress, but I had to modify it to make it work for me. I'm 5'5", and this dress just overwhelmed me with it's length. That's not to say it was too long--it did not touch the floor. But stylistically it was just too much fabric. I ended up shortening it to be just below my knees and I swooped it just a bit so it was longer in the back than the front. I also had to cut the actual stitching out where the side tag was to fully remove the very itchy tag that kept rubbing on my ribcage. Anyhow, when all was said and done, I am quite pleased with it. I just wish I hadn't needed to get out my sewing machine to make it work.


This maxi dress is awesome! I have ordered two more colors from them. I had so many compliments! Love it!


This dress just came in the mail and it met my expectations! It's a little thin, but to be expected of a 20 dollar dress. Still no need for a slip, however. I'm 5'6" and bought a large. the dress is just the right length to wear with flats. Will not be able to wear heals. Overall, a great buy that can be accessorized many different ways!


Fabulous! Perfect fit, excellent quality fabric and workmanship! Fabric is soft and stretchy,  lightweight and breathable. Fitted bodice and sleeves and loose through the skirt. I am 5'-91/2" and the dress was long enough for me. I ordered wine and it is a beautiful rich Garnet color. I am going to order several more so I have one in a variety of colors. This will be a go to item in my wardrobe. Delivery was very quick! In cold weather, I enjoy wearing this dress over a camisole & leggings with boots and a scarf. Fabric is thin so you can wear it most of the year. A great item to dress up or dress down! I love it!


I'm 5'4, 150lb, and 34D...I ordered a size medium, and it fits very well! The length is just right for me as well. I got the dress in the dark green and it looks exactly like the picture - it's beautiful. Perfect for casual wear but can also be dressed up. The pockets are an added bonus.


I have several of these dresses I ordered the blue one... IT'S NOT BLUE. IT'S PURPLE :(


I'm so glad that I purchased this in more than one color. It's wonderfully versatile-- I can wear it for lounging , a quick trip to the market, a lunch or dinner date, or even to work. It dresses up nicely with a scarf and/or accessories. I'm pleased with the size--I'm 5'5" and 176 lbs and ordered an XL which fits perfectly. It's complimentary to the bodice and hides all "problem" areas below. The pockets are terrific. The material is just the right weight-- not too thin and not heavy. While there is no lining, I haven't had any problems with see-through.


It fits as expected. I am 5'5" 145 lbs and I ordered a medium. It fit great and the length was great with flats, if not a tad bit long. Love the pockets and I think it would look great with a vest or scarf.


The only downside is that I felt I needed a camisole or some other undershirt because the weight of the skirt pulls the already lightweight jersey fabric even thinner. I ordered royal blue and it wasn't really see-through, just thin so that you could see the outline of everything.


Overall, I'd order it again. It's what I expected for the price.


I am 5'8, wear a 34D and weigh 150 lbs. I ordered the maroon/ wine color in a Large and it fits perfectly! I am shaped like a pear and was afraid the pockets would add bulk to my hips but the material smooths over my hips and the pockets don't add any noticeable bulk! The top is pretty thin so you can see bra lines which is why I'm not giving it five stars. It is soft and flowy and makes you look put together even though it feels like you're wearing pajamas. It's easy to dress up and wear different scarves/ necklaces and shoes with so I am considering buying another color! The only things stopping me from buying another is 1.) the thin material on top and 2.) I don't know how it reacts in the wash.


