It was actually slightly larger than expected because I ordered a size up, so i would say it probably really fits as expected. That said, I LOVE this dress!!!! I bought it in burgundy and have dressed it up, down, and everywhere in between. It’s a good go-to for date night -  because of how simple it is accessories/hair/makeup get to steal the show; but also works for family outings and events. It’s also obscenely comfortable and IT HAS POCKETS!!!


I'm more of a true american sizing 3X and the 2X of this fit perfectly. I'm 5/7 and the length was spot on to my ankles, fabric wasn't too sheer (my dark bra wasn't overly visible) and I think they are great for year round wear in Michigan's climate. Good value, flattering fit on almost anyone and SUPER comfortable~! I bought 3


This item fits OK. I was a bit saddened that it didn't have the pleats in the front that it shows. I'm not sure if it's because I need a bigger size, or because it doesn't have much of a pleat in the bodice.


I love this dress it’s beautiful but it is beyond sheer . Like super super see through which is disappointing because you need to wear something under it or your showing off the goods.


Nice color and comfortable.  A little tighter in the chest area than I prefer but certainly can be worn.  The material is thin,  It was an inexpensive purchase so I have no real complaints.


I tried this on immediately after receiving it and fell in love!! I’m 5’2” and thought for sure I’d be walking on this dress but I didn’t step on it at all. I bought maroon and plan to buy more colors now!


I doubt I'll wear it unless I drop more weight.  The top is fine (the fitted part), but the skirt isn't very wide compared to it.  It looks way more flowy in the pic than it is on.


For the money it is great. Very comfortable, and a great layering dress. The green color is more teal than the green pictured, although it is a pretty color. If an exact color isn't an issue, you can't beat it for the price.


I love this dress, super cozy, and my favorite. Went to order a couple more and the sale was off. The material is so soft, the sleeves are long over my wrists. Order you will not be sorry.


Absolutely Love this dress. The material is amazing, and the fit is sooo flattering. I am five foot one and about 180 lb in ordered the xxx. It is a little long on me but it is so worth it!


