Beautiful. I know I'm gonna get a lot of use out of this. I ordered a larger size cause I didn't want it to be fitted. Good sizing.


the bottom tapered at the ankle, making where the pockets are appear really wide. Great color but not a good fit on me.


I wore this to dinner at a fancier steakhouse and it was the perfect choice! It matched the level of fancy I needed to be but also hid my food baby after eating a whole steak myself. Ladies, if you're needing to look nice but also want to eat your weight in food and hide a food baby, this dress is for you!


I am 5'5-6" and about 150 pounds and the medium fit perfectly.


I like the style of the dress but did not care for the flimsy material. I feel like it would not wear well after washing.


I bought this to wear at work and am so happy that I did! It has pockets to hold my classroom keys, covers my chest and can be dressed up or down based on which shoes I wear. It's super comfortable and I always get a lot of compliments on it.


Awesome. Super red. Fit just like the manufacturer size chart says. Great for Handmaid costumes. Light weight and stretchy but still opaque.


It is as shown in the picture, the material is a bit light, and the color is beautiful ...


personally I like it, but if you look for a thick dress this is not for you.


in question of size order your original size as it runs in normal size


This dress is very comfortable. Fabric is soft and feels of high quality. Not too heavy. I wear a size 16 pant, so based off other reviews I ordered the XL and it fits perfectly. If I had to pick something negative about the dress it would be that the top is slightly see through. I ordered black and you could see the outlines of my black bra. I was able to conceal it with wearing a different color bra though. I do recommend this dress overall.


LOVE!! This is my FAVORITE article of clothing! I can wear it everywhere. I dress it up with jewelry or make it casual with a cute Jean jacket!! It is absolutely the best! I want it in every single color!


This is a pretty nice dress. The material is heavier than I expected. I like that it is heavier because this is long sleeve, so it's meant to be worn during cooler weather. I am 5' 7", 130lbs and I ordered a size small. It is a little short, but I like how the rest of it fits.


