Perfect for what I need. A little large but I sized up ro be sure. Happy with purchase


I am 5'7" and generally have a terrible time finding maxi dresses that are long enough. I like my dresses to graze the floor and most maxis I find only come to my ankles or tops of my feet. Even when they fit at first, one wash shrinks them. I took a risk and bought this in 2 colors and I LOVE them.  I've washed them multiple times and they are still perfect. They are great for a dress OR casual look. The only downside is that they are a bit see-through in the breast area but since they are long sleeved anyway, it was easily remedied with a scarf. Literally the best maxis I have ever bought!


I love these dresses. They fit true to size. I do wear a tank underneath so you do not see the outline of my bra, but I think that is a personal preference. I am a 16 and order a 2x. I am 5'10" with a 34" inseam, and it hits my ankles.


I would love to have this in all colors and would purchase again.


I am 5’3”, 200 pounds. I ordered an XL. When I first put it on, the elastic band was right under my bust. It made me look pregnant (which I’m not). I pulled it down and oh my gosh it fits so much better! My only complaint is the elastic is a bit scratchy. You really could pair it with a nice decorative belt and/or a long necklace. Wedges would even look great with it. The length of the dress is perfect. It barely touches the floor, so wearing flats or flip flops will be perfect. The best thing about it: it has pockets!


My daughter wanted to be Rapunzel for Halloween, so I ordered this dress in dark red to dress as Mother Gothel. While I only expected to use this as a one-time costume, I was surprised by the comfort and fit of the dress. Also: pockets. Pockets are always worthy of a glowing review. In any case, this is comfy, was affordable, and I'll definitely wear it again.


Loved this dress, it is comfortable.It is thin andtight enough that you can wear a sweater with it and it won't feel uncomfortable.  I am 5'10" and it went to my ankles.  It is not see through like many other dresses made of this material. It also says that it should not be tumble dried. I did anyways, nothing has happened yet.


This dress is fabulous! I am 5’2” 200lbs just has a baby and the XL fits perfect! Flows naturally and hides my after baby belly. It’s a little long but I wear it with heals and I’m short so that’s expected! Would definitely recommend to anyone! The color is also stunning and I get compliments every time I wear it! Love Love Love!


this dress is so comfortable.  I gave it only 4 stars because of the color.  I ordered the dark green, the online pic looks emerald green, but it's really a very dark forest green.  I will be returning this dress, BUT getting another one in a different color.  it runs true to size:  I am 5' 4" and wear an xl, ordered an xl, and it fits perfectly (not too tight, not too loose).  can't wait to get one in a different color.  I highly recommend this maxi dress.  it feels like you're wearing your jammies.


I ordered this dress and I must say I want to order more. It's a knit type material, seems durable. I ordered this in a large, as I normally wear medium. I ordered the dress in a large because I wanted the dress to drape on me instead of showing to much curves, especially in the back. Course for a nice smooth look and prevent the dress from clinging, you can get a slip, which amazon has. The dress has pockets, which is wonderful.  Very wonderful dress.  The length of the dress is to the floor, but not a whole lot.


This is such a comfortable dress. Love the burgundy color as it is very rich. I ordered large 5'6" 140lb because I prefer loose fit. I could have gotten away with medium for more fitted look. It goes down bellow my ankles so I can wear boots with it.  It is lighter weight like thin t-shirt material but not see through at least not in this color. I really like it. I wish it would come in v neck which would be more flattering for larger chest size. I will order another color.


