I love this dress. It is thin, but not see though. I’m hot-natured and live in NC, so it’s an ok warmth for me, but others may not find it warm enough for Winter. I do wish the fabric were a little more substantial, as my necklace actually started making the dress fuzz up, and it wasn’t a heavy or rough necklace. Overall it’s nice for the money. I’m 5’10”, a size 16-18 and the dress came to my ankles and fit well. I ordered a size XXL.


I love this dress!  It took a while to get here (about 3 weeks) but the quality is perfect... It's like a heavy t-shirt material, very loose and flowy but still sturdy/thick and very comfortable.  I bought it for maternity pictures and it was perfect!


Very comfy! I usually wear between an 18-20 and the 2x fit great!


I love this dress!! I was hoping it was cotton and not polyester because polyester rums tight on people and is usually very UNflattering.. I was disappointed when the dress came because it's not fully cotton. It's like 50% cotton and 50% polyester, however it's still so cute I would buy again!! I am 5'5" and weigh 220lbs and got a 2x and it fits just perfect but like I said..made of some polyester so of course it's a little skin-hugging lol.


I received this item very quickly, but unfortunately, it is defective.  Right out of the package I noticed that the neckline is really choppy.  And yes I said CHOPPY. the neck, sleeves,  as well as the bottom hem line were not sewn/hemmed at all!  The arms fit small, because the seam was done horribly.  It was a puckered mess!! it looks like someone who has no surgical experience grabbed two sides of flesch and stitched them together.  it looks nothing like what I've seen in the customer reviewed pics.... I am thoroughly disappointed. I will be contacting Amazon to return it, and try and find something else, somewhere else.


This dress is well made.  It has long enough sleeves, something which seems hard to find on too many garments. I am 5'6". So many so-called long-sleeved garments come too high on the arm; this goes all the way to the top of the hand for me, without being too long. The style is simple and practical, with two perfect pockets being very useful for so many things. As another reviewer noted, the waistline is more empire than at the waist, but I find that more flattering so I don't mind.


Next, this can be washed and dried in machines, needing no special care. I will likely use cold and gentle settings, and I may hang to dry to keep it nice longest, but it is good that it can be machine washed and dried. It may shrink a small amount, but it isn't enough to change the fit for me, the hem length came up about an inch, but it was long enough to touch the ground anyway, so this is better. As I noted, the sleeves are a generous length, and they were still long enough after machine drying (I'm not a fan of 3/4 length); hanging promptly after a gentle drying let all the wrinkles fall out, it didn't need ironing.


The fabric is stretchy enough and the cut roomy enough to make sitting cross-legged easy. It could be a wider and more full at the skirt bottom, but it still allows full, cross-legged sitting (I  like yoga) while keeping a more narrow profile when standing. It is a relief to not be constrained from using such a natural sitting posture, as happens with too many long skirt designs. I am very happy and grateful to have this dress.


One note, because the fabric is a blend, if you like to wear leggings or pants under the dress, they will need to be 100% cotton or there will be a catching effect between the skirt and leggings/pants. This is tough, because most leggings have at least some lycra-type synthetic in them. A good solution is 100% cotton scrub pants, as sold for medical workers. All-cotton solves the bunching and catching problem if you want to wear layers. It  can't be even a small percent synthetic, somehow, synthetic-to-synthetic causes the tangling problem, I've had lots of experience with long skirts! The dress feels great with no leg coverings underneath at all, by the way. I'd love this in an all rayon or other natural fabric, but then the skirt needs widening at the bottom of the "bell". What makes this work for cross-legged sitting is the stretch in the fabric, but the fabric breathes well despite being a blend. It won't lay flat over the crossed legs, as a wider skirt bottom would, but it will still stretch and give comfortably, while coming back and looking great when you stand again.


Super comfy and stretchy.  Great quality!


I’m 5-6’/250lbs and I order a 2xl and the dress fit nicely and seems like it’s a good quality material. Very comfortable.


I'm 5'9", 160lbs and a size D. I ordered a Large and was happy with how long it was, how soft and how comfortable( Length came to just about floor level). Worn with flats, it was the perfect holiday dress and everyone's favorite. Got lots of compliments and it was just as vibrant as the pictures show. Super happy with the dress :)


Worked perfectly for my Princess Buttercup costume! I bought a small and it's a little long but I'm only 5'1 so that is standard. I will definitely reuse in my everyday wardrobe.


