LUV IT! Couldn't find a more comfortable dress. I'm short 5'3 and wear about a size 12-14-16 depending on the clothes style and cut and whatever else


The XL came to the top of my shoes. I'm used to most things needing to be shortened, so that's was ok it was slightly long. Great part was, it was still proportioned correctly for the rest of the dress to fit and look great.


Fit perfect through the bodice. Drapes nicely from my hips. Flattering fit. Really like the fabric.


Great dress!  Very comfortable yet great fornall occasions. Accessories change the look so easily.


I was worried that this dress wouldn’t be long enough for me but it was! I’m 5’8” and it’s common that maxi dresses and skirts are too short. This dress just perfectly hits the floor on me. The material is rather thin so I can see my bra through it so I’d recommend wearing something underneath!


Stood out in the crowd with this. Paired with a plaid scarf for pictures and it came out beautiful. Faithfully a XXL, and could've probably dropped a size, but it did not look bad being a tad bit big!


I am 5'6", 170 pounds and where a 36DDD. I bought the XL and it fits perfectly, hitting just below the ankle. I got the wine color and it is solid, not see through at all. Also super comfortable.


Love the dress.  I have one in brown and one in black.  Be prepared to wear a colored bra.  Fabric is a little thin but not bad enough to not love the comfort and look of this dress.  I'm 5'8" and it's long on me.  Short gals might not like it but tall girls will love it!  BUY IT!


I loved this dress so much that after I purchased the first one (bought the army green one) i had to have another one (bought the black one next). I am 5’9 and this dress touches the floor. It is sooo difficult to find a maxi that isn’t too short but I finally found one that is a great length.


Absolutely awesome- great color, great fit. I’m 5’7 125lbs and ordered a small which was perfect.


My new go to dress... super comfortable and flowy. Great length, but slightly see through, so I make sure my undergarments are black.


