I gave this dress a 3 star because the color was not tne same as photo. I have ordered one of a different shape of purple before, which were a lighter color. In this photo it show a darker and different  shade of purple which I orderd.  I received the lighter purple, I like the dress, but was looker forward to a different and darke shade of purple.


Although the size and length of this dress is great, the color is NOTHING like the photo. Mine looks like a Heathered material or faded version of the color in the photo.


The dress is a very nice material. Very stretchy. I have large arms and my bust is small so I was afraid that a large would not fit due to the size of my arms...but it does. It does not drag on the floor for me. I am 5'4,weigh 190lbs. Very curvy,specifically bottom heavy. I purchased 2 more colors because I love the fit.


Very comfortable. I'm 5'8 220lbs(hips,thighs and butt) ordered a large fits great!


This is a great dress. Very comfortable and true to size. I wear an 18, so I got an XL. It fits perfectly. The color wine is beautiful! I will be buying another in a different color.


Very flattering, modest, and cool. The ones that have pockets (some colors don’t) have a better silhouette than the ones without. Black looks best: elegant, not costumey. They’re as comfortable as pajamas. I’m ordering several more!


I am 5’9, 145lbs and have a really hard time finding dresses that are fitted and actually still floor length. I can still wear wedges with this dress and it’s still long enough! It is true to size and the green color is exactly how it shows in the photo. I love that it has pockets!


I didn't like the color, it was like olive green but way lighter. The dress was not ugly just too thin. So if you're not wearing the appropriate undergarment the lines or whatever you're wearing will show.


Omg!!!  I absolutely love this dress...it is modest and makes me feel super pretty.  I've already ordered 2 and will be ordering more colors soon.  Love it.  The material is great and I love that they have pockets. For the price that they ask, this is a real find!!  Thank you


While this dress is comfortable and cute, the black is completely see thru. I am so glad I double checked before I left the house. The fabric  is very soft, but also very thin.


