LOVE this. I'll be honest I didn't expect much for the price but it's super comfortable, I think it would look nice on many body types.  I LOVE the pockets in the dress too. Easy to dress up or dress down. I actually wore this for Christmas


This is a really cute dress. I always look for long sleeved/comfortable dresses for work and I was excited to find this one at such a great price. The first time I wore it, I noticed a tiny hole near the thigh area when I was sitting down but it didn’t really bother me enough to send it back. The biggest problem with this dress is the elastic in the dress I received must be plastic because there are sharp points on each side that dig into my bra line under my arms all day. Aside from the constant tugging I had to do, I did get several complements.


Very comfortable dress. Love the pockets! Nice, modest neckline. I'm 5'11" and about 135 lbs. with an athletic build. I ordered both size large and extra large in hopes of finding one long enough. The extra large is a bit too roomy and didn't seem much longer than the large. The large fits fairly well and just barely skims the top of my foot. The sleeve length is also long enough which I often have trouble finding.  Overall, I wish the dress was about an inch or so longer but, for the price, I'll probably keep the large.


I had low hopes going in. I'm not a huge online clothes shopper. This however really blew me away. The fit is great (I'm 5ft 6in and 125 lbs) the length is fantastic. It hits right above the top of my foot. I'm mostly legs so I was unsure how the empire waist would set and it works out well. The quality is nice. Thicker than I expected. Very heavy weight fabric. I anticipate lots of use form this. Layers well, matches a lot and honestly it is going to be a staple in my fall/winter wardrobe. I was worried I'd be to hot but it is not to bad. I normally sweat in blended fabrics but not in this. I was on my feet for 5 hours today (teaching) and normally break a sweat. Not in this. Will be adding more in the other colors to my closet for sure.


Cute. Comfortable. Super soft material. But the material is really thin so it shows all lines (bra, slip, etc) and bulges that you may have. I never feel comfortable in material that thin because I'm always worried it will be see-through in the right light and I worry it will rip easily. This runs a little small, not much. I normally wear size 16 dress. And normally 2x dresses are loose on me.


In this I bought a 2x and it was not loose at all. It fit pretty well.


So I'm sending it back because it's so thin.


Love this dress. Wore it last night and got lots of compliments! The green is just perfect for my skin tone (I’m pretty fair). I usually wear a large, but got an extra large because of other reviews. It was the right choice. HOWEVER, it is quite long. I’m 5 foot and wore heels and it was still wayyy to long. I wore it anyway since I was going to be sitting down most of the night and just picked it up when I was walking. I’ll probably end up getting it shorten from a tailor. I don’t think the hem can be hand stitched or machine hemmed because of the fabric. It won’t lay right. Overall, a great dress for the price!


I am pleasantly surprised by this dress, it’s nice and decent quality. I’m 5’3” and the length is perfect ( totally wasn't expecting that). The waist has a bit of elastic so it has an empire waist it hugs the thinnest part of my waist nicely. I got the dark red which is accurate in color to the picture. It has pockets but that doesn’t add bulk to my hips which is important. If your considering this dress, buy it! I love maxi dresses and this is a good one!


I absolutely love this dress. Ordered my usual size of XL and fits perfectly. Soft t-shirt like material, beautiful bright red and, best of all, it has pockets. I'm 5'3" and it was a tad too long but still worked with flat boots. Bought for a wedding with a red theme and wore with a white lace vest. Got many compliments. It washed perfectly in a cold wash and permanent press dryer. Would highly recommend.


Such a great purchase! I wore this for my maternity photo shoot, while 8 months pregnant! And I can still wear it postpartum as well! I am only 5’2 and of course the dress is longer, I needed to wear a bootie with a heel in order for the dress to no be dragging on the ground. But it could also easliy be hemmed. So happy with this purchase!


This is a very comfortable maxi dress. The color is vibrant, and there were many debates whether it was blue or purple. It has pockets, which is a real bonus since I must keep keys with me at work. The pockets don’t stick out or look weird either. The fabric is quite soft. I did need to wear extra clothes under for warmth as it is super cold at the moment. I would imagine in the spring, that will not be necessary.


