I love this dress! I ordered the dark green and it fits perfectly and the color is perfect. Will recommend to friends and family! P.S. it arrived just in time for Christmas and was packaged nicely as well.


I get many compliments on this dress it's very comfortable and I want one in every color!!


Love a good maxi. This will be perfect for Florida’s winter season. Definitely, not for a northern winter as the material is more of a T shirt weight. Runs small so you my need to order a size up. Love the color too.


I love this dress!!! I don't normally leave reviews for anything because most stuff I get is just good enough. But this dress is amazing! The fit is perfect. The fabric is so soft. The length is great. I am a mom of four and my body looks like it. The dress covers and drapes in the right places without looking like I'm trying to hide anything. I'm 150 lbs and 5'2" and I ordered a large. The length is good. For a short girl, it's so hard to find a maxi dress that isn't 6 inches or more too long. AND it has pockets! I am definitely ordering more!


I wanted to love this. It fit perfectly, and the color is beautiful! But....You could see my bra right through it. I even wore a white one, but clear as day, there it was. The fabric is very thin.


Love this dress, it fits perfectly!  I expected the waist to be the normal waist, but instead it's an empire waist, which is fine.  I am 5'6" and it's to the floor, so I can wear heels with it and it's going to be just right.  I ordered a sparkly belt to go with this, but I am not sure I will need it.


Great dress!


I am 5’10” 150 pounds and ordered medium which is what I would normally wear. Fits great the arms are tighter around so if you are larger in arms or frame it might be to tight for you. I am also small up top 34B and if I was larger I would want a large due to the upper fit.


It’s hit me in the ankle which was awesome since I am so tall.


The dress was everything I wanted it to be! It was super soft and flowy and fits perfect. I am 5'3 and weight about 170 and The XL fits perfectly. The only con to this dress was that if you are short, then you are going to have to get your dress hemmed. Even with 3 inch heels on, this dress barely gets off the floor.  I will be fixing that shortly!


First Maxi dress and I'm in love. Perfect for work to look professional and modest. I am 5'9" 153 pounds. I purchased the large for the length and so glad I did. The dress grazes the top of my foot perfectly. Purchased the belt for a perfect accessory.  (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01GYP0F7W/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_55)


Love this dress!!! 4 stars because the material is a little thin, so I wear a scarf or bandeau under it so you can't see my bra in the sunlight. I'm 5'4", 125 pounds, and I ordered a small in the wine color. Fits great. Length is a little long for flats, but perfect for boots or wedge heels.


