5'7", 125 lbs, small frame. Ordered small in burgandy. The quality is great and the dress is a great length. I do wish the waistband was a little higher up, but that's just the dress style I guess. It's a very soft and stretchy dress. Length is great, comes right to my feet. Sleeves are not too tight and come right to my wrists.


This is now one of my favorite dresses. I feel like Wednesday Addams when I wear this and my husband has nicknamed this dress my "witchy funeral dress". I absolutely love it. The material is soft and drapey. It doesn't cling. The top is a little sheer once I put it on, but I anticipate this because I have larger breasts, so I bought a slip to wear with this dress as well as other dresses I have that seem to be on the sheer side once I put them on. It definitely does NOT detract from the dress for me. I ended up buying two more versions of this dress, but with short sleeves, from another seller from Amazon. Hopefully they come in and fit and feel as amazing as this one.


I'm 5'6", 280 pounds, and the 2XL was the perfect fit. Originally got sent an XL but returned it for the 2XL. Perfect length, just hits at the tops if my feet - completely covers the ankles, which is important for me and sometimes hard to find. Very comfortable material. A bit see through on top but a Cami underneath will handle that. Seriously considering purchasing in red as well.


Good for maternity wear but expect to look pregnant unless you are a size zero. Seriously, I wanted to love this dress, but I looked pregnant and my boobs looked 3x larger than their regular size. It was a pretty color and good quality, but the waistline was right under the boobs and not low like in the pictures so it was just awkward. I returned it. If the waist was more at the natural waist like in the pictures, I would have loved it.


I bought this for my daughter who is 7 months pregnant, it fits her perfectly. She loves it! The fabric is good quality, color is beautiful (dark green) and it has pockets. Plus, the price was right. She is about 5.5" tall, slender with a baby belly and I ordered the medium for her.


It fits as expected but I hated the way it looked on me from the upper part of my body. It would probably look good to others if they saw it on me but I hated the way it looked on me. An if I am not comfortable in what I’m wearing I’m not going to wear it so this is why I am returning it. It looked good on all the pictures I saw with people wearing them but on me NO! I wanted to love it...nothing wrong with it just didn’t like it on me.


Too long even with heals, I am 5'3. The arms however were tight, so seems like sizing is just how long it is and not proportional. Also, the dye job had dark crease marks...so that was uneven as well. If I were taller, with thinner arms and got one that didn't have dye imperfections then it would have been great. The material is so soft and the color was beautiful. The style was flattering. Sad to return it!


The dress I received was defective, but the seller was quick to respond and assist with a refund. Other than the problems I had with the dress I received, I could tell it was pretty and the color and size where as described. I appreciate the seller's attention and resolution to my refund.


This fit very tight at the top - almost like the top is a size smaller than the bottom. Not just the bust - the arms as well. I don't think getting a size larger would necessarily fix this problem, as the bottom part fits as expected. The line that separates the top from the bottom is also pretty high up, so it's kind of a weird fit for my body. That said, I wore it with a jacket and it was cute, so I'm not going to return it.


Love this dress! I want one of every color. I’m always nervous to buy clothes online but this is a super nice maxi. The material is thick and very soft. Very comfortable dress. I was worried that it would be thin, but it is not. Also love the pockets! I’m between sizes M-L and bought the M. It’s a perfect fit.


