fits perfect, material is soft and a little stretchy, color is red as shown.  I am so glad I bought this dress, it looks good and is very comfortable


If you are looking for a comfy yet cute dress this is the one.  It’s so soft and smooth is just easily falls over you.  I love the pickets for whatever it is you might want to stick in them.  It fits just as I would have expected it to with the size, however I do not love how long it is.  I feel like I have to lift it even to walk because it’s so long.


It is just OK.


Pros- Soft fabric, pretty dark green color


Cons- See thru fabric, too long without wearing heels & not quality enough to warrant a trip to the seamstress, waist on the dress I recieved is way too dmall yet the bust and skirt fit with plenty of room.


It fits a little small in the top but I am  DDDD so to be expected.  Nice silky fabric that is enjoyable to wear.  Very nice dress.  From the other clothing I wear at 2X, I would say this is a tad large 1X.  It is not junky for a $20 dress.


Love this dress!!!


So, this dress came quickly, it fits perfectly, and is very comfortable. I really like it. The color, however, is completely off. Someone who was color blind would have done a better job at this. It isn’t a emerald color at all. It’s more like a dark gray with hunter green in it. So annoying. Color is important when ordering clothes, at least for me. I will try another color but this was a huge disappointment. The color shown is beautiful.


The fabric on this is amazing. It's like cold to the touch, not clingy, and so so soft. It is a bit sheer over the breasts so I have to be mindful of bra color and/or wear a compression tank in nude, but that could be because I am a 34DDD. I bought the size L and I am 180lbs and 5'4". It is incredibly flattering and the color is beautiful. I own 4 of these dresses.


I love this dress! I put it on as soon as I get home. It's super comfortable - the fabric is soft. I got a medium - I'm 5'7", 139 pounds, generally a size 8. If I were going to wear it out, I would hem it a couple of inches. I'll be ordering another one (or two!) to wear to work and for Saturday errands.


I wear this dress everywhere and for anything. It washes like a dream and I get compliments every time I wear it. I want it in all the colors lol. The material is so nice on the skin and not see through at all.


Love the dress! It looks exactly like the picture and the fabric feels amazing. I ordered the wine red and I couldn't be any more pleased with it. I'm 140 lbs, 5'4" and ordered a large. It's a tad bit long but will hopefully draw in a little once washed.


