Bought this dress on a whim in Wine color for my company Christmas party...love the fit! I was worried it would be thin and see through but not this dress! I can’t wait to wear it again! Gonna buy more in different colors


I’m just giving it a three stars because the dress was returned since my daughter wanted it a bit longer. BTW, the dress is very long and my daughter is 5’9”. She needed it for her school’s band show and her teacher likes the dresses extremely long. I really liked it and I’m considering buying one for me. The fabric is not that thick however.


I love this dress! It's simple and comfortable, but nice enough to wear to work or dress up in the evening. I'm 5'3" and the dress is exactly down to the floor---any longer and I'd be stepping on it. I'm about 138 lbs and generally wear a size 4-6, and the size Small is perfect for me. I'll be going back for more colours.


This dress is absolutely perfect in every single way. It fits exactly as I expected it to, and it is actually long. I am 5'8" tall, and long dresses are rarely truly long for me.


I ordered an xxlarge. Im 5'11 and Im big busted. The dress fit well. It was a little tight around the arm area but with my denim jacket and a few accessories, it turned out nice.


Fits perfect, a tiny bit sheer but I wore a tunic-length tank and black undies underneath and had no problems. Pairs well with a scarf and flats for a casual look :)


this dress is the best dress i ever had in my life , it so comfortable and confuses me to know if i want to wear it bed or wear it to work, the material is light but meets muslim needs of coverage. the color is beautiful i m going to buy this dress in every color as well i love this dress i wish i could wear it all the time


I like the style and it fit as expected, but the material is so thin. It is see threw and more like netting. I don't think the material could get any thinner.


Very pretty dress! I like it because I can wear leggings under it for added warmth during the coldest winter days or go without and be completely comfortable during the fall or spring; since the dress is so long, no one can tell that I have leggings on underneath it. I also appreciate how it has pockets!


Not for me. The waist is too high and at 5'4, the dress actually wasn't as long as I expected. The green color wasn't as vibrant either, kind of a dusty looking green. Will be returning


