I love this dress so much. I am going to Morocco next month. It is stylish yet modest. Easy to style with a scarf some boots or heels a short jacket or long cardigan. Fit is perfect as is the length. I ordered an XL since I wanted to insure a full fit. I am 5'8 180 lbs. and it is PERFECT. I will order another. I ordered Navy and it is a nice darker blue. I definitely recommend.


Fits perfectly! Is the most comfortable dress I have ever owned! So soft. Can be a comfy dress with a scarf or dressed up!


Way smaller than expected nor an american size xl womens more of a juniors size. The fabric is much thinner  than the xl short sleeve dress I bought from dearlovers.


Love this dress!! Super comfortable and fits really well! I am 5’6” and 194 lbs and I ordered the xxl— fits like a charm and looks absolutely fab! Can’t wait to wear it for Christmas ❤️


I got it exactly when they predicted! I LOVE IT! Sleeves are long, length is Perfect for me. I'm 5'8, around 175 lbs. I purchased a Large. The fabric is a bit thinner than I was expecting, but not bad at all. It flows down from the Empire waist beautifully, and I am in Love with the pockets! I will probably purchase multiple of this in different colors. Just in love. It is the kind of long dress I have been looking for. Everything I was hoping for. I would recommend it Definitely!!


I love them! I order a black, and wine red, both 2XL. Very figure flattering. I’m 8 months pregnant and even after he is born they will fit perfectly. Material is nice and not see through at all. Super cute


This is a great dress if you are maybe 5’7” or less. I’m 5’9”, size 14 and ordered the XL. Fit great (surprisingly!), but it shows way too much feet. I pull it down and wear a wide belt at the top of the waist seam (enough to cover it still) to give it length and can pull off flats with it. If it were at least an inch longer I might give it 5 stars. Definitely worth the price though. It’s surprisingly flattering.


Love this dress. It is long enough for a tall lady, is very slimming, and the fabric is thick. Would definitely recommend.


Great , flowy maxi dress that can be worn as casual or can be dressed up . I had my second baby two weeks ago and this dress provided the right amount of "give" in the mid section to allow me to feel comfortable without looking bloated. A must have for every woman's closet .


I love this dress! I'm 5'ft and it's a little long which was not a problem. I just trimmed some off the bottom and works great. It does shrink a small amount after the first wash. But so so comfy. The pockets was a plus! I got so many compliments on it!


