LOVE this! The color is great, and the fit worked well. I'm generally a size medium in dresses and I ordered the medium.


My favorite part is that I'm 5'9'' and the dress actually went all the way to the floor. Exactly what I was looking for


Fits great, love the side pockets too. I have not washed it yet, am glad I read the instructions no dryer.


It fits, but is a bit tight around the bodice where it joins to the lower skirt.


Very comfortable. Jazzed up with chunky jewelry, and I get compliment after compliment. Thank you!


I thought this dress would be too good to be true but I wanted to give it a shot. I loved it so much, I bought 3 more! I gave it 4 stars because the black one I bought was a little short in length. I’m 5’9”. The other two I purchased, however, were perfect!!


I love this and will be buying it in several colors. I am 5'2", 190 lbs. It drags a little on the ground but not too bad. I don't get the "are you pregnant" look like most maxi dresses give!


I am short and have a large chest. The dress fits really comfortable, especially up top, but is a little long. You could wear wedges or heels with it, however, after surgery, I can't. It's easy to put on, can be dressed up or down, and was incredibly affordable. The material is not thin or see through but is not so thick that you get hot.


I really like this dress and will probably order it in another color - I got a ton of compliments on it when I wore it to work as well.  My only complaint/reason for not giving it 5 stars is the dress is already a little pilly/showing wear where I had been wearing a cross body bag.  I haven't washed it yet but am hoping that it holds up ok!


Love this dress, the quality, the fit, depth of color, and especially the comfort. Just wash in cold water and hang to dry. Wore it to church and another woman sat next to me wearing the green one. She loves hers too.


Fits my wife size 14/16 180lbs with curves. Always go one size up if you're not sure.


