Very cute and comfortable! I'm 5'10" and 135lbs, so I got a S. It's not to the floor like it is on the model, but that's to be expected with my height. It's long enough though - right about the ankle bone. The collar cut is somewhat deeper than the photo, but it doesn't look bad at all, and it is also most likely because of my height and the material stretching out on me. Overall it fits and looks great!


This is a pretty short maxi dress. Granted I'm 5'10" - but I was hoping it would be longer than my calves. According to the size chart, it should have been. I will still wear it though. Neat color and easy to wear with sandles in Texas during the colder months.


Was very pleased when I got this dress! It fits as expected. I am 5'5" and 225lbs (I ordered a 2XL). This was a great option for me when I was going to a wedding on a chilly evening. It's quite long - I wore flats and it was probably dragging the floor just a touch but I loved it!


This is a very cute fall dress, and the wine color is gorgeous! It is a thin material, but not see- through.  The pockets are a plus! Paired with a belt at the waist, and it's a new fall favorite.


Also, at 5'8", with ample curves, this dress fell right at floor length while barefoot.


My only concern was that it smelled horribly of plastic due to the bag it was in. I had to wash it twice to get the smell out. The material also shrunk causing it to be shorter that what I prefer. I am 5'9" so this is a common problem for me. The material did stretch out as I wore it through out the day going back to the original length and it covered my feet.


Fits fine for my 5'10" height.  Right to the floor.  Nice material.  My only issue is the sleeves are tight.  I way 165 lbs., so I'm not heavy.


Love this dresses!  I have 3 of them in different colors!  It is very flattering - I always get so many compliments when I wear them.  And they are so comfortable! What I like most about this dress is that you can go casual by putting on a blue jean jacket over it  and wear some sandals, dress it up with a blingy necklace and heels, or go cozy with a scarf and some boots!  Do yourself a favor and buy serval in different colors - I promise it they will become a staple in your closet!


One of my favorite purchases as of late! Buying clothes on amazon is usually a hit or miss for me and this one was a hit! I’m 4’11” and 123 lbs. and this dress is so comfortable and a good length. It’s about 2-3 inches too long, but I can still wear it with sandals or heels and both look great. The only con is that it has a latex smell and that could be because it comes in a zip bag. Otherwise I’m super happy with it.


This dress is super comfy. I am 5’ 2 and usually where medium tops & 4/6 jeans and this fit perfect. I ordered it in black medium and usually pair with a necklace or a thin belt. Best part, it has pockets!! I have washed & dried and it didn’t change shape which is even more amazing. It’s a little long but not enough that I should hem it. Think I may order another color!


Ordered 2 of these dresses and they arrived this week. I couldn't wait to try them on when I got home from work, so the pictures are right after work.  I was very skeptical about the length of the dress, as well as the arm length because I'm 5'9 153pds. Well, I LOVE THEM, they fit me GREAT, and the pockets are just a wonderful added bonus. I gave them 4 stars because they are paper thin, but for me they will be great summer dresses. I will be ordering the green one next, thank you.


