For the price, this is a great purchase. Fits true to size and it really flattering. The elastic on the waistband was sticking out at an angle that irritated my skin but I was able to trim it. All in all, worth it. Just purchased one in a different color and I can see myself buying more of them.


These are super soft and look great.  They are comfortable yet stylish.  You can dress them up or down.  I'm buying several different colors for my mom.


Love the dress! I got a 2x when I am usually an XL because it looked like thin material and I didnt want a sheer dress that was too tight. This fit the bill. Great dress


Perfect dress! I’m 31 weeks pregnant and I love how beautiful and comfortable this dress is. Nice quality and the pockets are a huge plus! I will order more colors.


Love this dress.  The fabric isn't too thick.  It runs really long.  Great color; cant wait to wear with a scarf.  I'm 5’3”, 148 lbs., typically wear mediums/8-10.


I ordered the correct size, but this dress is really snug. The material is comfortable, but very thin and see through. I have to wear a shaper and skin colored undergarments to wear it. For this reason I have only wore it once. I will probably end up tossing it. I would not buy it again.


LOVE this dress and get compliments almost every time I wear it. Comfortable, simple, great for every day or in the office. runs true to size. I'm 5'7 and it is a great length! So many dresses like this hit me at mid to high ankle. I like my dresses almost skimming the floor and this just about does that. Just a little off the ground, but not awkward. Light enough to wear in warmer weather, but also not terrible in the MA winters w/ a pair of tights and cute booties. ...and a winter jacket, of course! :)


My wife purchased this dress in a XXL in black and it fit great on her. Length on her was also perfect. (She’s 5’7”)


She normally wears an XL (12-14) but has learned through previous purchases that most dresses of this style or similar run small, so she went up a size.


The material is a bit thin, but as she mentioned, nothing a dress slip can’t fix.


She wants the ladies to know that if they are looking for dresses that are modest and comfortable, then she highly recommends purchasing.


Honestly, this was my first clothing item I have ever ordered myself online. I was very nervous to get it in and try it on. Ordered this for date night with the husband so it made me even more nervous as I did not have a back up plan. When i got this in I put it on and it fit PERFECTLY!!! The material is very soft and not cheap feeling. I did order a XXL because I am heavy chested and typically wear a size 14. (bra size is 38G/40H and I am 5'9".) It fit perfectly in the chest area and the length of the dress touched the floor. As long as you know your measurements, then this matched the size chart very well. I love this dress...


I’m pleasantly surprised. It feels very comfortable and the material is very soft. I normally wear a XXL and this fit very true to size.


