Cheap dress, but perfect for casual use. The material is extremely thin and would need to be layered for cold weather. I'm a 42C and the material is thin enough where I have to wear a scarf over my chest because the material is see through. I'm 5'9, size 18/20 ordered the XXL and the dress is just past my ankles, which is a little akward length. But cute with boots.


Okay, so let me start off by saying that I NEVER review anything. Like ever. This is my legitimate first review ever on here, and it is for a good reason- this dress. OH EM GEE, this dress. I am wearing it right now, at work, and I am taking time from calling guests back to write this review, that's how amazing it is. every single person I have passed today has complimented me on this dress. they say its pretty, looks great on me, and that its just overall awesome. I will for SURE be buying other colors, I can't wait until I have the money to do so! I love the pockets, its super comfy, and paired with a cute thick belt (that I also purchased on Amazon) and a cute rose quartz gold necklace (also purchased on here, can you tell I have a problem? lol), it looks perfect and entirely work appropriate. for the price, it cant be beat. :)


This is a very comfortable maxi dress - like, wearing PJs in public comfortable.


I personally wish it didn't have pockets because I am never going to use the pockets and I'd like to think my hips would look slimmer without the bulk of the pocket poking out.


This fabric is not very forgiving, so I wear a cami underneath and a cardigan over it.


I am between a M and L at 5'4" and 140 lb 34DD. I bought a large and a medium probably would have done fine, but I love this dress. the large is a bit big on me, the medium would be a form fitting size. wore it all evening after getting it and to a conference the next day. stretchy but not see through and really comfy. I love the pockets too. I think I will get more!


Love this dress, very comfortable.  It's a little long (I'm 5'6") but can hem it.  Will be ordering more of these.


This dress is so nice and comfy. The fabric is soft against my skin. It is long, I’m 5’8’ and it hits the floor (most dresses hit at the anckle on me, so I was really excited about the length). The sleeves go past my wrist. IT HAS POCKETS! I love pockets, huge selling point for me. The material is thin but perfect for a Southern California fall/ winter. The dress is roomy enough though, that if needed I could wear tights or other warm layers underneath. I got the dark green color, it matches what was advertised. All in all I’m in love with this dress and will be buying more colors.


I was really hoping for thicker fabric. Shows lines and nipples. Order large. Hits me at the top of my ankle (I’m 5 10) which I am happy with. Nice pockets. Wanted it to be warmer. I wish clothing was made with thicker fabrics. I’m tired of this thin stuff. There is such a season as winter and it’s too cold for this thin fabric. It’s not the worst I’ve seen though.


I love the color and fit. I’m 5’9” 225lbs and bought the extra large. It’s the perfect length and fits as expected. The material is soft, and the pockets are fun! I don’t have the problem of the top being see through as others noted, but I’m small busted so that may be why. Also, I haven’t laundered it yet, so I can’t speak to quality after being washed.


The wine red is a beautiful color. I took stars off because the material is so thin. I knew it would be thin after reading other reviews but it’s much thinner than I expected. It won’t be too bad since I live in Phoenix and our winter is currently 70 degrees. I will have to wear a cami and slip underneath since it is somewhat sheer. It is also long on me but that might just be my proportions. For reference I bought a large and am 5’4”. It completely covers my feet, drags on the ground a bit and the sleeves are long as well. It might shrink after washing. I could see how the waist would sit high if you have a larger bust as well. I will keep it as it is a good basic maxi for fall and winter and can easily be dressed up. I don’t think I will purchase any other colors though.


I needed a good fall outfit for family pictures and decided to go with a long maxi. I was worried about ordering but I figured I'd give it a chance since returns were free! I got the dress in and I loved it! I went with a XXL so it would be a little lose and it was. I love the pockets. Every time I wear it, I get compliments!


