The fabric feels like a Halloween super hero cape! No joke this is crappy fabric. The sizing is really off and I'm glad I read reviews and got one size larger but two sizes larger would have been ideal (mentally I just couldn't bring myself to order that large of a size). It's a nice cut for thin women but I'm curvy and have some tummy and this fabric shows everything!! For the money you get what you pay for and even if I wear it once I guess it's worth it. My boyfriend likes how tight it is and how much boob shows so I kept it but I probably won't wear it out of the house. Would have returned it if he didn't like it so much.


super thin and the color is off


I love it!  It is comfy, stylish and more flattering than a lot of maxis.  I am 5'4 and around 140 lbs and I ordered a medium.  I'm very pleased with the fit and quality and I plan to buy more.


I could have gone either way, but ended up returning it because I felt like it made my mid section look heavy...and I don't need any help with that. ;)  I am 5'5" and weigh around 155, and got a M.  The top part was very flattering, but the bottom part was too big.


Soft material, drapes nicely, and light enough for layering. Looks good w/or w/out a belt. Dress & sleeves long enough :-) for my 5’ 8 1/2” height.


Cute casual dress. Great quality and fit. LOVE the pockets. I'm 5'2 and it was too long on me, which was expected. Other than that the size medium fit perfectly.


This dress is comfy and beautiful. It's like wearing my favorite pair of pajamas. My favorite feature is that it is long, and I'm 5'11.


Its a very nice maxi dress...im 5'6 and it almost hits the floor, its long...but i like that style, not everyone might like it so long...


Comfortable, fits well, didn't shrink even with washing and drying.  Hung at the perfect length or a tad too long.  I am 5' 6".  I love that it has pockets.  Color is true to the photo.  I ordered a second one in purple and eventually will order a third in navy!


The day I wore this dress, compliments poured in. I originally purchased this as something to "throw on". This is going to be my going out dress since so many people loved it AND SO DID I!!


