Very flattering dress, even for a buxom 5'4" frame. Rich navy color is easy to dress up or down. So happy with this purchase, especially for the price.


Loved this dress. I got a XL think it might be a little tight but there is plenty of room, I could have gotten away with a L. The dress is long (I’m  5’4”). Great find, light weight material.


I love this dress it is so crazy comfortable! I want one in every color. I am pregnant and it has grown with my growing belly! And it has pockets!!


This is a cute dress that fits as expected. The fabric washes really well (dryer and all!) and doesn’t really wrinkle. The brown color is a really pretty chocolate brown.


I am 5'8" and after you wash it it is definitely not as long as it looks in the photos. the Large would be perfect for someone 5'6" and below.


This dress is GREAT! It is super soft and the wine color is beautiful. I will be ordering it in other colors! The dress is not too thin and it is decent quality for the price. I am petite and I was worried the dress wouldn't fit in certain areas, but it fit perfectly. I'm 5'3'' and slim and the small fit me very well. The dress does not go down all the way to the floor for me, which I was glad about because it won't drag and get all dirty. I would recommend this for sure!!


I LOVE this dress. I'm 5'8" @ 155 lbs, and large busted. I ordered the Army Green, in size(s) Medium and Large, and will be keeping the Large. If not for recent abdominal surgery that has left an unsightly bulge on my abdomen (which makes me look about 7 months pregnant) the M would have been wonderful. As it is, a lightweight silk shawl will hide the unfortunate bulge quite nicely. I plan to wear it to a summer wedding - with wedge sandals, and amber necklace and earrings - but it will be great for around the house too. The length is perfect (which is unusual for my height) and the pockets are a definite plus.


I am 5'8, 133 lbs and got a medium because of my height and I prefer slightly loser clothing. I LOVE this dress and will likely become a favorite.


This is a cute dress. The material is a little thinner than one would expect making it a comfortable summer dress. One thing I was not happy about was the seem on the inside of the dress at the waist. It was backhemmed so many times it seems that it's kind of large and uncomfortable.


I am 5'4" and 130 pounds. I bought a medium thinking it would be a little roomy, but it is tight in the arms and super tight under the bust. The color is good, but I won't be able to wear this out of the house. It is very unflattering. I guess I bought a house dress. Yuck.


