Cute but I’m tall and it ended a few inches above my ankles


Perfect for a Fiona costume. A little thin for regular wear.


Its lovely


I'm 5'5 and 135 pounds and have my almost 30 spread happening lol. I bought based on the reviews I believe I went a size up I bought a medium. It's sooo comfortable and lightweight. If just wanted it to be a little longer.


Loved loved loved this dress, so much so that I’ve already placed my order for another of this same dress and a few other styles. Comfy, cute, and very flattering.


It’s perfect and beautiful. T-shirt material so it will cling but in all the right places.


I love it. It fit perfectly. I got a 2XL and it fit true two size. I ordered to other colors in this dress after I got the first one.


Lovely dress. I am 5' tall (152cm) with a small to medium frame and pear-shaped body. This dark green dress was a flattering color and fit. (I paired it with a thin, pearl colored ribbon in the picture, it did not come with that!) The material is not too thick and not too thin. It is very, very comfortable and it is stretchy so you also get a lot of movement in the dress. I love when women's clothes come with pockets. Honestly, that was one of the selling points of this dress for me.


Because I am so short, I expected that even a size small would be too long and I was right. In my picture, I am not wearing any heels and I have the sleeve fully pulled down on one arm to show just how long it is for someone who is 5' tall. I am not taking any stars off because I know that I am not the average body type of a Western size Small. However, the dress fit around my chest, waist, and hips very flatteringly and proportionally (for a size small). Because it is stretchy, I am sure it would fit someone smaller or larger than me too.


Love the dress but given that I am only 5’2” it is way to long. I will have to get it altered before I wear it again. Tried to put a belt on it to shorten it but that wasn’t enough because it is so long!


Cool dress, but not my style


