This dress is so comfortably soft and versatile. I’ve paired it with a jean jacket to go out causally, worn it with pearls for church, added a lepord print belt for going out. Love it!


The fit itself was ok but the length was too short. I am 5’11” and i was looking for a long maxi dress that would atleast fall to the floor if not at my ankle.


Way better than I was expecting! I tried a medium and a large and kept the large. Currently 27 weeks pregnant. Usually a size 4/6 and 130lbs. Likely could've worn the medium not expecting, but the large gave me more breathing room. 4 stars instead of 5 because it's a little more thin than I expected. But it's beautiful and buttery soft!


Overall, it's a decent fit. I'm very petite, 5 3' and 110 lbs. I bought this in a small. Like I said, overall it fits well, but unfortunately it is baggy on my arms. I DO have skinny arms, but I still don't run into this problem very often. I like clothes to hug my arms, and this dress is far from it. I still really like the dress, and I don't know how noticeable it would be others. I do think the sleeves need to be smaller/tighter. If you have sticks for arms, reconsider buying this dress haha


I wanted to like it, but was disappointed. The large fit fine through the shoulders, but the elasticized waist was loose (and also right under the bust, making the whole thing a little shapeless). It hit right at my ankles, but I generally prefer maxi dresses a little longer than that. I'm returning it. The fabric was good quality, though.


While the dress was a nice quality, it was very short. I am 5'7 1/2" and it was above my ankles. Unwearable.


I love this. The material is not clingy and hangs just right. I am about 5'8" and I like my dresses long and this came to just under my ankles. The pockets are always good to have but these aren't bulky making your hips look huge, they blend with the skirt.  I bought another one I liked it so much


Love this maxi! The pockets are so convenient and my phone doesn’t fall out when I sit down. I received so my compliments on this dress. Glad I took a chance and bought it in red too!


Very concerned about the fit since it came from China but it fit as expected! Somehow my “prime” shipping was surface shipping though so took forever to get here.  But worth the wait


I really like it.  I wear a size 16 and after reading reviews went up a size when I ordered it.  I could have stuck with the XL and it would have been fine.  It's really comfortable and love anything with pockets.  I a 5' 8" and it hits right at the floor with flats.


