I really really like this maxi dress - it fit perfect and the length was GREAT.  I am 5'11" but I have a long torso and not large boobs - this makes high waist outfits a little unflattering ( my daughters asked why my stomach looked so big  :(  even with a flat stomach  !  BUT this was a fabulous dress with a vest or jacket on!  So just know how you look in high waist outfits and have a jacket or vest to complete the look.  I would definitely buy again.


I love this dress and it worked well for a holiday party I attended. The only reason I am giving four starts instead of five is due to the thinness of the fabric, especially in the chest area. I ordered a small (5'4" - 127 lbs - 32 DDD) and the chest area was stretched more than most items I wear. I wore a blank tank top underneath with no issues, but just something to consider if you are large chested. Other than that, this dress is excellent!!


It's a really pretty dress, I got the wine color... It was just a bit too short for me. I'm 5'6" and got a small. It fit great but when I tried it on with anything other than flats it was too short for me and I didn't want to wear flats. Flats was pushing it too. I loved how the sleeves were long, normally sleeves are too short on me.  But other than the length, I'd have kept this dress. Sooo cute!


I love the dress but was very disappointed in the awful scent it had as if it was worn plus in the pocket was a dirty stocking cap, the ones u wear under a wig, don’t know why u would send me a used dress. I immediately washed it and didn’t bother about the hassle of returning. Haven’t worn it yet but I tried and it fits as expected.


Dress was perfect for Christmas Eve!! Wore it to church and received several compliments! Very long and I’m 5’8! I’ve also ordered dress in other colors! Buy it! You will not be disappointed!


OMG, this dress is simply gorgeous! At 5" 4, 140lbs, I knew the medium would fit better instead, I ordered the large. A bit loose, but it doesn't detract from the beauty of the dress. Must order more colors.


I'm 5'5", 140lbs, 36b and a M fit fine. It's long! I prefer too long to too short, tho, so I'm fine with that. It's so long that even with heels it drags, so I'll hem it. It's such a light fabric that iron-on hemming tape should work fine.


The fabric is thinner than I'd hoped. It's not see-through, but I would expect it to be in a lighter color. I purchased a long-sleeved t-shirt maxi dress from another seller and it's a wonderful thick brushed fabric, so that's what I was hoping for here. This is a lightweight, thin t-shirt-type fabric.


Best dress ever. They are comfy and so easy to throw on and take off. I have the dark green and the navy. I ordered the large. I am 5'11 and 169lbs. I have average shoulders and stomach, small chest, but large hips. I would think if you are large chested then this might not be the dress for you. Also the sleeves are snug and stretchy. If you have large arms this dress might not work or might not be comfy. The pockets are awesome!


Love these dresses so much! So comfortable and look so cute. I'm 5' 10" tall, 190 lbs., so I ordered the XXL for length. It is just long enough with flat boots. I haven't washed it yet, but will be extremely careful not to shrink it... one more half inch and it will be too short! Solid color leaves plenty of room to accessorize with scarves, necklaces, jackets, or vests. The options are endless. I actually returned this red color because it was too bright for my taste. I bought the wine color instead. Still gave 5 stars, cause the fit and style are perfect! And the price is amazing!


I bought this to wear to music performances at churches. Wear a good slip so that too much doesn't get revealed. I know that all bodies are not the same, but this dress is a little too tight in the bust and too revealing of my large tummy because I look pregnant. I really need to do more exercise and setups. Next time I plan to buy an x-large.


