This is a great dress for the price! The material is high quality, and the dress is quite flattering. If you want to fancy it up a bit, a belt makes a great accessory. I bought this dress for my sister, and she loves it. She's 5' 4'' and the dress was a little bit too long for her, but other than that, it's wonderful.


I'm 5'7 and weigh about 125.... love the dress, especially the material... I just wish it was an inch longer. I would not be able to wear a medium, as the small fits perfect everywhere else.... I just need it to be an inch longer... even with flats, it's a bit short. I still plan on wearing it though! Beautiful dress.


Very nice dress.  Soft and fits good.  It is shown long on model and is very long on me, so I am having to hem it.  I am under 5" so no big surprise


I’m 5’7” 175lbs I bought the large based off the reviews in black and red and love them! Soft, stretchy fabric and the length reaches the floor but doesn’t drag. Great dress for 20 bucks. Recommend for winter and a easy classy look.


I love it! It fits me just right. Pretty long but not too long that I will trip or hurt myself. Pockets are big enough for a phone to fit in. Super comfortable that I never want to take it off.


I get compliments on this every time I wear it. Very comfortable and fits well, true to size. Love the pockets!


Very well made, especially for the price. I will be getting more dresses in different colors. :)


Perfect!!  Hard to find a dress with long sleeves - Love this one.  I was afraid the material might be somewhat see through but it's not at all (even in the bust area it's completely fine!).


Love this dress.  It fit perfectly and the length was perfect.  I am 5ft 9in so it is difficult at times to find a maxi dress that is a true maxi.


I bought this style dress in about 6 different colors and I love it! It's light comfortable and you can dress it up or dress it down for any occasions. The reason for 2 stars is because when I received my dresses they  smelled horrible of cigarette smoke! I had to wash the dresses 3 times to get the smell out of my dresses. I love the product but they need to double check their items they ship out to their customers!


I love this dress and will be ordering in more colors.


