I wore this dress for my engagement pictures! The color is amazing! This dress is soooo comfortable and even has pockets! I got so many compliments when wearing it! It’s perfect to wear to weddings or on a date night! I highly recommend it! I have bought two more since then! Love them all ! If I could give this ten stars I would !


This deal didn't turn out to be a deal for me. First of all, this piece of clothing did not have any labels attached, printed on the material or otherwise. Nothing to say what the dress was made of, although obviously some sort of polyester; no washing instructions; not even where it was made. No labels, none.  But what I don't like about it is this silver thread-looking scratchy seam tape (?) lining the inside of the upper bodice which is not at the waist but a little higher, and it binds a little and it scratches. Plus it is almost too long, which I don't usually have a problem with. Not shopping for deals these days...


I should have went up a size for the length and the length of the sleeves. I normally wear a medium so that's what I ordered. I'm 5'6" and 145lbs and after the first wash it hits a tad above my ankles and the sleeves don't go quite down to my wrist. I should have gotten a large but I'm afraid it went have been too low on my chest. Other than that the material is great and it washes up nicely. I didn't dry it and I would suggest not drying it.


I bought this dress for a halloween costume, ended up being something else and returned everything else, but then I tried this on and was in love with it!! Like everyone says, it fits really any shape or size of woman, truly. It has a silky/stretchy feel to it. I get so many compliments every time I wear it.


Nice look and feel, but so so so long. Im 5'6" and weigh 130. On my tippy toes this dress touches the floor. Otherwise, medium is ok. It's very stretchy. Pay attention to size chart, which is such small print it's hard to read. I thought the models were just short, showing the dress puddling on the ground. Not so.


I ordered this dress unsure of how the fit would buuuut I fit perfectly! IT ALSO HAS POCKETS!! It is so soft and flowy and overall very flattering. The sleeves were perfect length, I just have a bad habit of rolling them up. I wore 3-4” wedges with this dress and the dress sat perfect on the floor. Overall I would recommend this dress, you can easily dress it up or down and it’s super comfy!


Gave this to my very fashionable daughter in law who loved it!  Fit perfectly, said it was exactly what she saw in expensive magazine.  Topped it with sparkly necklace for the finishing touch.  Fabric was nice weight, not too clingy.  Was a bit longer in front than back, but heeled shoes solved that.  Nice.


Material is too thin and see through. Arms cut very thin in the larger sizes. Returning. Cheaply made loose threads everywhere. I ordered in two colors wish I hadn't.


Really like the dress.  I usually wear a 1X at the least.  The top was a little snug for my 40DDD but it still looked nice and was roomy everywhere else.  The sleeves were a little long and I had to wear a dark colored bra because it was a little thin at the top.  I loved the color and received lots of compliments.  You can dress it up or down.  The pockets we’re definitely a plus and did not take away from the look of the dress I’m 5’3 and the length was perfect in the xl, not too long like most dressed


I really love this dress. So comfy and easy yet can be dressed up or down. The color looks like the picture. My only problem is that there are a few small holes at the seam around the waist. They can be easily fixed, but makes me think it’s not the best quality. I discovered the holes the first time I wore it.


