Love this dress!  So comfortable and flattering!  I'm 5'5" and it dragged on the floor a little bit when barefoot.  Not enough where I tripped on it though!  Not super thick material but not see though (at least in the navy blue color).  One of my wardrobe favs!


Wife purchased this for her sister and when her sister tried it on she said it makes big women look bigger and hangs like your trying to hide your size.


I love this dress ! I ordered a Xl . I am about 5’10-5’11 and about 200lbs and this dress was not only long enough but very flattering . It was formed enough to be feminine but the flow of it hid spots i am not very confident in . Super soft and comfortable . Can be worn casually or easily dressed up . I love it so much I bought a second one in a different color .


Great value.


Floor length, empire waist, bottom is gathered. I ordered blue. It washes and dries well, no wrinkles.


I ordered XXL, I wear 16/18 and it fits well.


I wanted a cute dress for family photos and I recently had a baby so I didn't want to wear anything tight, this dress looked amazing and I am so happy I took a chance on it


I bought this as a flash deal, was worried about the quality. I was pleasantly surprised when I received the dress. It's so soft and fits well. The first day I wore it many people comment on how nice it looked. Went back and bought the same dress in black! The olive green is true to the photo.


I love this dress. It was perfect! I ordered it in the navy but it was way too short so I gave it to a friend. I am 5'8" and it was on the floor! I LOVE IT!!!!


Need to get a few wrinkles out but it fits great! 5'8"+ and 159lbs. Falls to my feet. Fits well in every area. Dress up, dress down. Should make an impression to my wardrobe.


Love this dress! Super comfy! Fits true to size. Only reason for 4/5 is the brown color I ordered wasn't exactly the shade I thought it was. I still kept it because it still is a great fit, comfy, well made, great price, and worked for what I needed it for!


Fits perfect love the pockets very comfortable but very long I’m 5”6 and it was dragging but with a little bit of a heel on my boots it was perfect


