The band just under the bust is not nearly as comfortable as I would have hoped. It actually cuts into you a little and feels like an iron wrap around your bust. Otherwise nice dress - but wish this element weren't so uncomfortable. Make me want to take the dress off soon, rather than keep it on all day.


Just what I wanted! I love the pockets and the fit is great! It's a soft and comfy dress that you can add a necklace, belt or scarf to to dress it up. I'm 5'9" and 245lbs and the 2x fit great.


Love it! Bought another in purple. They are cute and comfortable. I'm 5'7 and sometimes I step on the dress going up and down stairs.


Absolutely love these dresses, bought one in black first then came back and got this red one. The dress is so flattering and easy to dress up or down. Ill definitely continue buying these. For reference im 5'7 and about 170 and the mediums are perfect for me


This dress is not sized as expected. The material is very thin and not long enough. I would not recommend to anyone...only 1 star because I think the concept is good they need to use better material and be sized better :/


I REALLY like these dresses. I live in Utah, so I look like a polygamist in these dresses, but I don't care. They are really comfortable and versatile.


MY FAVORITE!!! I'm a size 22W and stand at 5'7" and this dress fits me perfectly!! I highly recommend. Great price!! Great style and can be dressed up or down.


I don’t understand why this store claims to have sizes comparable to USA sizes. It’s not true. I bought two of these dresses and I am so unhappy. I will never buy anything on any site from China again


The waist does not fall right for me, and it made my hips look big. I am normally a 10 - 12 dress size and a 8 - 10 pant size. I am 5ft 11 inch, the length was ok, it hit me ankle length. The fabric is not great, I will be sending this back. the company has been great, I got a refund within 2 days. The pockets are perfect size, if only the dress had fit well.


I am 5'6 and weigh approximately 145 lbs.  I ordered a large and the large fit perfect.  The length was just right and it arrived very quickly.


