The fit was good. The material is very thin and clingy. I wear it as lounge wear, and am happy with it for the price.


Everything!!!! Great fit and very comfortable. I've ordered 5 total.


I’m a bigger girl and I LOVE the fit of this dress! I’m 5’11 and it comes up to righ below my ankle. I was poison ivy for Halloween and wanted to get a dress that I could wear for the holidays because I’m weird like that and this was perfect.


I'm pleased how it fits and seems to be true to size. The umpire waist is flattering to my figure. I bought the dark green and thecolor is so pretty.


This dress was very comfortable--I bought it for my engagement pictures.  I'm 5'7 (about 150lbs) and got a MED; it was a tad snug around my arms, but nothing overbearing.  I almost feel like I could've gotten a LRG & not have it be as tight on my upper body, BUT the length was perfect, so I stuck with it.  The dress had that weird "new" smell & when I washed it (followed the instructions), there were streaky lines running through the dress (which didn't seem to go away after more washes).  Luckily the lines didn't show up in the dress when photographed.  Would still recommend because the dress is comfy & the pockets are a plus.


This dress was exactly as I hoped! At 5’9 I always have trouble finding long clothes, but the dress and The sleeves were surprisingly long!


The dress fits perfect! It’s a tad too long but not enough to bother with the hassle of getting it hemmed. The material is extremely comfortable and I love the pockets! I WILL be ordering a couple more in different colors.


I ordered 2 dresses, navy and wine in size XXL. I am 5'6", 190lbs. it fit perfectly. The material is very soft with a bit of stretch. It reaches the floor. I love it and will order other colors. ❤


The material is nice, but received the wrong color. Ordered dark green and was sent black which wasn’t even an option to order. I’m about 5’4 and I ordered a small and dress is too short for the look I wanted.


Love! Have some postpartum rolls going on :) and it fits perfect! 5’3” 135 - size small perfect length for heels or flats!


