I love this dress so much, it is now one of my main staples! I will say that it's a bit see through, so wearing a slip underneath this recommended. It also pill quite fast, but it's nothing a sweater shaver can't fix. I'm 5'6 and the dress touches the floor when I walk.


I love this dress. I was worried that it would be too long because I am 5'4" and planned to wear with flats but it is the perfect length on me. I was also worried that it would be see-through in the chest area because I'm large up top but the fabric is not transparent. It's not heavy and hot like a lot of floor-length long-sleeve dresses are. The fabric is very soft and it feels like I'm wearing pajamas. Overall, an awesome comfy dress that can be casual or dressed up.


This is my second dress, so you can assume I'm happy with the purchase. This time I purchased the 'green', however if you are looking for a green dress this is not for you because it is actually a dark olive, which I really like. These are my go to dresses for around the house.


I knew to size down, so this dress worked for me. I usually wear a large, but bought a small...perfect. I'm 5'4" 150# athletic build. I will say though, material is soooo thin. This is a house dress for me. Despite that, I loooooove this dress!


this is the second dress that I've ordered.they are long but not identical in length. the material is thinner than I had expected . from the picture I thought it would be longer than what I got.  I'm 5'8 inches. gave away the first 1 . it also has a smell to it like it has been near a fire etc.. when I got it ...the color is what I expected..


Super soft! Very skeptical about buying clothes on Amazon, this was my first time. I am 5'10, long arms and a long torso. The length of the dress hits the floor (in bare feet) as shown in the picture. Better material than I expected. I would buy this again and would recommend it. The pockets are super dope haha it was a selling point.


I love this dress, especially for the price. I’m wearing it to my baby showers (yes, more than one), and for my maternity photos. So far I’ve just worn it once and washed it, but I loved wearing it and it washed well, hung to dry, it looks good. Can’t wait to wear it again, and I’m glad I’ll be able to wear it after baby too! Btw, I’m 35 weeks pregnant and 280ish lbs, wearing the xxl, it fits perfectly.


Color of wine red was rich and beautiful, I wish the length was as advertised. I am 5'5" 150 lbs 20 weeks pregnant and cannot wear boots with this, its too short and looks silly. Other than the length it is a great comfortable fit, great for maternity wear! Soft material and the sleeves are a great length.


I will take it in for a length extension to the alterations, maybe Ill add a satiny block at the base or something.


I am very impressed with this dress. I am 5'10" and about 185 lbs. Ordered XL in black and navy and the length was perfect. It's not easy for me to find clothes long enough without moving into the "tall" section. The material is very comfortable. I could wear this all day, every day. Although, it is slightly thin (not too bad) to where you may want to wear a slip or tank underneath. Easy to dress up with scarves and jackets or simply plain and casual. I may order one in each color.


Love, love, love this dress! Very soft, comfortable, and flowy.  I am a size 16 and the XL fits fine.  Paired it with a blanket scarf and got lots of compliments, will be purchasing at least one more.  Also, just to note it didn't come with anything except the dress, no necklace or anything, had my fingers crossed based on another review.


