I'm 5'6 but I have long legs to the point that I need 36 inch inseam pants and not the usual 32 in regular or 34 in long. Anyway, I bought this in a small and it is long! You can see my shoes but I have stepped on the dress once or twice walking up the stairs. It's SO comfortable and I sweat a lot and it usually starts under my armpit but even with the material of this dress I have not had any embarrassing under arm sweat stains. I love that it has pockets even though I don't use them. I took it on a trip out of the country with me. It's 30 degrees and I wore a long sleeve shirt and leggings underneath and I was as warm as I could be in 30 degree weather without a ton of clothes on. And it's thick and not see through. My only gripe is that it wrinkles so easily! You'll need an iron or a great functioning dryer.


I love this dress! I got it for my maternity photos and it was great! So soft too! It was a little long, even with my bump but dresses like this are always long on me. I'm 5'5". I plan on wearing this after I have my baby with heels.


This is my top amazon purchase!! I LOVE this dress. It’s so nice and comfy. I actually wore it to work and also an even out with my husband. My husband put it in the dry though and it seems like I lost some of the length. I would definitely, definitely, definitely buy again. Must purchase.


Just to help:


I am 5’8, 177lbs and I ordered a Medium. Fit great.


So comfortable! I wore it for our Christmas pictures! I will be purchasing more in each color.


I purchased this dress for my engagement photoshoot this week and I couldn't have been happier with it! It was my first dress I purchased online with Amazon and I was honestly worried about the sizing. I chose an XL size in deep navy blue because I am 5'10" and 165 lbs. I have curves and am moderately large in the chest area so I wanted some room without it being too baggy. The dress out of package was pretty wrinkled but that was to be expected. No loose threads or weak stitching so that is a plus. The pleating in the skirt hung nicely. I didn't get a weird smell off the fabric that I got from another dress I purchased on Wish. I paired my dress with knee high boots and a deep brown corset belt to trim my waistline.


I wasn't expecting it to be so cold up in the mountains where our photoshoot was, but I can say this dress withstood me standing out in snow for 2 hours, survived me hiking down a trail to a pretty spot and getting it caught in thorny bushes without tearing. At the end of the day it still looked beautiful and I'm excited to see my photos once they are done being worked on!


If you are even thinking about buying this dress just buy it!


I am 5'7 and about 160 pounds and bought a medium.  It fits like a glove, defiantly a new favorite in my closet.  Only thing (which i'm not surprised by) its a little shorter then i would like.  It covers my ankles and some of my feet, but does not drag on the ground like shown in the picture.  Still love it though!


Love this dress!! First let me say that I never wear dresses because they usually don't flatter my figure. I bought this as a costume. But as soon as I put it on, I was like, "WOW! This actually looks good on me!" It feels wonderful - the material is great. And it looks very good on my plump body. LOL I'm 5'8 and 212 lbs with large hips and I bought the XXL. Part of what is so flattering about this dress is that the elastic waist line sits pretty much right below your chest so it flows out from there which hides your tummy! I am definitely ordering more in other colors. This is a staple. And a great price too! Also, if you are taller, don't worry about your ankles showing! This is a true maxi dress and hits the floor on me barefoot. Once you put flats on it's perfect! Love it 100%.


For reference: I wear a 16 top (34H bra), in between a 16 and 18 in pants and am 5'6".  I purchased the XXL and it fits perfectly.  The dress hits me about an inch of the ground so not tea length, but not floor length either.  On me, with my very ample bosom, the bust fits like an empire seam.  The material is a soft, almost pima cotton feeling material.  My only complaint about the dress is that it is not as flow-y as it appears to be in the image.


Oh! My! Gosh! I can't even describe how much I love this dress! I read all the wonderful reviews which is why I decided to go with this specific dress. Just buy the dress, if you're on the fence about it. You will not regret it! I purchased a size XL. I usually wear about a size 16 and I am 5'4". It fits me perfectly. After I tried this dress on I immediately got online and purchased one in every color.


UPDATE: I ordered a second dress but I decided to go with large and I decided I actually liked that fit a little better. If you're right in between sizes I would say size down. The material is very stretchy and I tend to like the snug fit on the top, but it is still very flowy on the bottom. The only problem is I received the second dress and it had a large hole in the back. So in the end I returned both items. To get the smaller size, and hopefully one with damage to it. I will leave the 5 stars until I get the product back.


I've bought a couple of these dresses, one navy one from Sarin Mathews and this one.  I got a navy one from Sarin Mathews and I loved it so much that I got red as well but I got 2 defective ones in a row so I decided to try a different ventdor.


The one from Sarin Mathews is a thicker, nicer cottony feel, this one is more polyester-feeling and is thinner.  This one is also larger (longer sleeves and length) and although it fit in the chest and waist, it would be better for someone a lot taller than me.  I could wear this with heels, but I'd rather wear flats so I'm returning.


I am 5'3, 149 lbs and probably 38C.  My Sarin Mathews dress is a L and fits perfect to the floor.  I also got a L and it would fit someone probably 5'6-5'8" much better.


