I’m 5’8 size 12 and I ordered an XL just in case and it fit fine. I suggest going a size up if you have a heavy top.


The dress got here in really good time considering it's from china. After I ordered it, it took 10 days to get here with normal shipping, and I live in Atlanta if that gives any of you a sense of shipping time. I ordered an XL and it fit amazing in the bust area as I am a DD, about 185 pounds. I normally wear a large or XL in women's shirts and a size 10 or 12 in pants.  it's a little loose around the waist which isn't a huge deal to me since it is a flowy dress. The length was surprisingly fine! I'm 5'9 almost 5'10 and when I'm barefoot it hit me right underneath the ankles which is fine because I plan on wearing flats anyway and it still looks good, but of course I'd love it more if it were longer but it's definitely doable! Very pleased with this dress, bought it for a fall outdoor wedding so it'll look great once I spice it up with some jewelery.


The dress is beautiful; super soft material and kind of stretchy. It’s on the thinner side but so comdrksbel. I got the dark green color and it looks great. I’m 5’4” and 120lbs and I bought size small. It’s a little baggy and long for me but I’m going to shrink it in the dryer. I will definitely buy more in other colors.


I was skeptical of this product knowing the price and the typical consistency of cheap fabrics on dresses like this, but when I tried the dress on, I was pleasantly surprised. The dress fits true to size and I love it. its so soft and very flattering. I want to buy another one! I am 5'6'' and the dress goes all the way to the floor but if I wear boots or wedges, I  wouldn't trip. add a belt and some cute jewelry, like the gitrl in the picture and its adorable and super easy to put together!


Love this dress! I just ordered my 4th color in this dress.  It’s so comfortable and flattering for many different body types.  I’m 5’2 and 180 lbs and wear a large.  It is a thinner material but it doesn’t stick to you so it’s not a problem for me.  One color is too long even with wedges but honestly it may be a different brand.


This dress is perfect!  Fit nicely, SOOO comfortable, the Navy color is nice and hasn't faded in the 3+ washes so far. The pockets are the best part about this dress.  I am 5'5" and the dress goes to the floor. I wear it to work and can wear leggings under (unseen) on colder days.  I am considering purchasing again in another color.


Got this dress for my baby shower at 7 months. Nothing in maternity fit right. It fit perfect ! Long enough. Most maxi dresses are too short and I’m only 5’7”. Will definitely wear after pregnancy too.


Perfect to dress up of dress down.  Super comfortable.  Only problem is it can be a little see through on the boobs if you have bigger ones and the arms aren't as tight as I would like in the wrists.


I am 5'10" and 190lbs after having a baby 6 months ago. I ordered both L and XL. The L fit, but was not long enough. The XL is perfect! Such a lifesaver! I had NOTHING to wear to a wedding since I'm still rocking my 20lns of extra baby weight. I primed a few options. This dress saved me and now I'm excited to feel awesome in this beautiful, comfortable dress.


I bought the size small, in red.  I ordered based on the size chart given and my measurements, which are 36-28-38.  I am 5'0" tall, pretty curvaceous and have a large chest that is all boob. Since I am on the short side, the dress pools at my feet just a little when barefoot, but I am okay with the dress being a little long.  I wear heels to work 99% of the time, however plan to wear flat shoes with this dress since it is long and you will not be able to see my feet for the most part.


I will say that while I really like this dress, it is rather thin material, so if you purchased this dress because it is long sleeved and wanting to wear it in winter, a word of caution, the dress will not keep you warm.


