Updated:: After buying this dress in blue, I was in love and ordered the wine and dark green ones. I adore the wine and blue, but the dark green is not near as long and had a different tag on it and was packaged differently.


I ended up getting this on one of the daily deals and I wish I would have gotten more. It fits perfect and the pockets are just a plus! I’m 5’6 and weigh 165 pounds, the large is perfect.


My first time purchasing myself a dress on Amazon. I usually like to try clothes on before purchasing. I’m 5’8.75”, 176lbs, and purchased size M in black and green. LOVE these dresses. They fit well as expected. Super comfortable. Washes well - seams don’t twist, no wrinkles if I pull it out of dryer right away, no fading. I receive compliments when I wear them and people are surprised I purchased them off Amazon. Totally recommend!


This dress is perfect!!! I was so worried, as I am a size between small and medium, depending on how it’s made. I am 5’5” 120 lbs and I got a Small. It’s perfect! So glad I didn’t get the medium, it would have been too big. I tried it on, it turned out PERFECT! It’s SO soft, the color is beautiful, and it has pockets!! I would definitely recommend this dress and I may even get more in different colors. I got “wine red” color for a Christmas party with family. I can’t wait to wear it!!


I wanted SO BAD to like this dress, but... LOL. I couldn't decide what I looked like more...pregnant, or an extra from a handmaid's tale. LOL. Just not a cute style on me. I'm plus, a size 18, and wear a 42DDD bra...this dress definately DID NOT work for my chest...the neckline was being pulled down bc the elastic wanted to ride up! The arms fit well, but nothing else. It went back. I wish it had been as cute on me as it is on others. I'm 5'4" and the length hit right at the floor.


I am pleasantly surprised with this dress.  It's very comfortable and actually fits me.  I'm a size 8-10 and the medium fit perfectly.  The sleeves actually go to my wrists too.  I love that you can't even tell there are pockets.  I may have to hem it just a little.  I'm 5'5" and it's just barely off the ground.  When standing, I don't mind, but when I walk, I catch the bottom on my shoes.  Overall, I really like this dress and see myself buying from them again.


This dress is one of the most comfortable dresses I have ever worn! The size is as advertised (normally wear size L/XL, purchased L) and if I could, I would order many more of them! I haven't washed it yet, so I don't know how the fabric will hold up to normal wash & wear, but it is a great dress right out of the package. The pockets are a major plus!


This dress is very comfortable.  The fabric is stretchy and soft.  The hem just floats above the top of my foot.  (I am 5' 8".)  I like the color and the price.  I am a sewer and could not make this dress for this price.  It was exactly as described by the seller.  I would purchase in other colors.  Very happy with my purchase.


Love this dress.  It isn't some amazing out for the evening dress. It is a cute, comfortable, acn't wear sweats to this whatever I am doing dress.  Fits as expected.  If you have larger hips I would go up a single size.  It isn't tight, but may hang a little nicer, as it has pockets.  Love it...so comfortable!


I bought your dress in the sapphire blue on a lighting deal and thought I had ordered a medium. It is very long, but I am only 5’2”. I was so excited to receive it and I did not because I was told I would need to pay full price. It will cost me at least $18.00 to $20.00 to have the length corrected. Color me very sad and dissatisfied with no dress. Maggie T. - Fort Worth, TX


This dress is sooooo comfy. It's got a nice amount of stretch and is very soft. It is also very long, which I love. I got the navy blue color which is exactly the color you expect for navy blue — just like the picture. This washes well too. It's a lightweight, low-maintenance dress.


