I absolutely love these dresses! I have one in black and brown. They are definitely a stable in my fall/winter wardrobe. It's very comfortable and light enough that it doesn't feel heavy, but also lightweight and very soft. Will be investing in more colors.


I absolutely love this dress. It’s so comfy and I get compliments every time I wear it. I also love the pockets!!!! It’s a great purchase. I have 2 and I thinking about getting one more!!!!


Very comfortable (I love that it has pockets).  A little long for me, but I bought a large, and am only 5'3".


I love this dress.  The best things about this dress is the flowiness of the dress, the soft cotton feel, and the added benefit of pockets.  I have short stature, so I assumed that the dress would be long, however, it fit very well on me.


The dress is a very comfortable. I bought it in purple and the color is great. The dress is a little too long for me but that's normal. I'm 5'4".


Seriously this is my favorite piece of clothing! Perfect fit (5'4 and 115lbs, size S), very comfortable, good quality! I will be buying more on other colors!


It's a good dress. Only issue is that the fabric of the skirt is so heavy it pulls and stretches out the top part.


The elastic band under the bust area fell a couple of inches below my bust giving me a roll all around. I feel the need to wear something over the top to hide the roll. I ordered a medium. The rest of the fit was as expected.


The volume of fabric on the skirt portion of the dress is not as full as what is shown.  T he arms are extremely long (maybe someone 7' tall would have arms that long - not exaggerating)


I'm in this weird in the middle size between a medium and a large so just to be safe, I ordered a large. Though its a bit on the larger size (I could have gone with a medium), it still fits perfect (i'm sure it may shrink a little bit) and hangs nicely. It's more of an empire waist, however it flows nicely (and doesn't make me look pregnant). i'm definitely buying more in other colors!


