Love. Love. Love. Love. Love.


I normally wear


Shirts/Blouses : 1X/2X


Pants: 14/16


Bra: 38C


I bought a black XL and it fit me perfect. Kind of sheer fabric. Not for colder weather, I love it.


Lengthy, but very very very smelly and not at all royal blue, more like bright purple. Had my high hopes in the color because blue is my favorite color. Not really as described


Debating on returning it. Nice thick material the only problem I have is the elastic under the boob part is really tight. So if I’m not wearing a good bra I look like I have a ton of back fat. I’m 5’5, 145 lbs, and top heavy wearing a 34 DD bra and I got a large. Everything else fits great I just wish the elastic wasn’t so tight. Maybe it’ll stretch not sure


I had to mend it, but the dress is amazing. I am 5 ft tall and it dragged on the floor, hence the mending. This dress works better for taller people, but the mend was worth it.


It fits great. It’s well made. Just the right length and love the color.


I love this dress so much! My top three reasons:


1. The fabric description is accuarate. It does not look/feel cheap. It's like... perfect!


2. Shipping was fast as heck!


3. It's a great fit and lays right.


FYI, I bought black and my chest is big but it lays so well.


I am buying MORE!


Save online shopping! 😘


My daughter wore this to her Winter Formal. At first I thought it was too casual for a Formal but my daughter added earrings and a long necklace.  It ended up with being an inexpensive but well made LBD. She's  only 5"1" so I had to hem 7" off the bottom.


I love this dress...I get compliments on it all the time!  I am 5'10" and the length is perfect.  I think I ordered an XXL. It is very slimming!


This dress fits nicely and the fabric is soft.  There is something in the stitching around the rib cage that pokes me and irritates my skin.  I will still wear it, but it isn't as comfortable as I hoped.


Really comfy dress, got a hole after the second time washing. I was really disappointed. Also it is rather small, at 98lbs i dont expect things to be tight around the middle


