Love the dress. It’s a little long (I’m 5’4 and it drags on the ground a bit) but I can live with it. So comfy and super cute!


Nice dress, a little on thin side, will be great for spring or summer.


Bought this for my wife and she loves it. Being 7 months pregnant she can’t find many maternity clothes that she believes looks cute on her, but this dress makes her so happy.


This is a great maxi dress.  But as with most to all maxi's it shows all of the bad you may be trying to cover up


Very comfortable fabric, and it was long enough in length, but it was too tight in the bust to be attractive and not advertising!


These dresses are all the same.. I already have a few in other colors. I wear them with something loose on top to cover how tight and revealing the thin fabric is. I wear long skirts so that is basically why I buy these. I am a 5'9" and weigh 135 pounds. I am considered thin by people who know me. I order a large that is too tight on top. The elastic waist is also far too tight. I just rip it till it loosens up.. it's so junky-fun. I can not imagine an actual large person wearing these... but hey.. $20? You get what you pay for.. see through thin fabric, poorly sized, etc.  The length is always long... I can't imagine who they think they are sizing but...caveat emptor! I wish there was SOMEONE in the world who would make modest womens clothing that isn't just like this... Long.. better material, fit, etc. I'd pay more for THAT!


Just received this in the mail with 6 holes in it. Looks like moth holes. Not happy


This dress is awesome! I actually ordered it by mistake when I was ordering a Christmas gift. Color was perfect the pockets were nice. Ime 5'1 about 145 lbs and I ordered the small and it fit perfectly.


-Brianna


I get tons of compliments on this dress!


I absolutely LOVE this dress.  The top is very form fitting and the bottom is flowing.  You can dress it up or wear it to a casual event.  I am thinking about buying this dress in other colors too.


