Good quality and washed very well, will purchase a few more colors...


I really like this dress it's a perfect length.  My sister and niece liked it too.  I'm going to order a few more colors.  Great quality and it's not see thru.


Let me tell you the info I went to the reviews for: I am 5' 9" and it is ankle length, the cuff touches by thumb knuckle. It is a true navy color, the wrinkles come out just by hanging it up...and yes I'm gonna buy the other colors.


Since I put it on for the first time to try it on I fell in love with this dress. The color is pretty and it fits perfectly. I am 5.3" tall and 142lbs I wear a medium and ordered a medium. It's perfect. I don't wear too tight fitting clothes. It's a little long on me as can be seen in the picture, but looks great on heels. The material is thin and you would need to wear something inside. Unless u don't mind. It's super comfortable and soft.


I am only giving this ONE star because the color was as advertised but that was the ONLY thing right about the dress. I am 5'5'' and 150lbs.34B bra size. I bought a medium according to the size charts and other peoples reviews. The ad says the model is 5'5'' and wearing a small, and the dress clearly hits the floor. The medium on me went to the tops of my ankles if I pulled the dress down. The bust area was super tight and the pockets had holes in them. The material was thin and showed my nude bra through it easily. I am returning the dress today.


This dress clings in the right places and floats away just where I need it to. Just had a baby so I really love the forgiving empire waists.  I love the pockets.


I’m 5’4” 175, 38DD and I bought a large. The hem touches the floor but not enough to trip me up.


It fits perfectly and it's exactly what I was looking for.  I am 5'2 and 145 lbs and I bought a medium.  I dressed it up with a scarf and it's super cute and comfortable.  I will be buying more in different colors for sure!


Me:


A 28 year old female with a history of disliking shapeless maxi dresses, and an obsessive Amazon clothing window shopper. I spend a lot of time looking at reviews before committing to anything-- and more often than not, an item just sits in my wish list for a year before I decide it's not worth it.  5'6" (maybe 5'5", but I'm optimistic) and 145 (also optimistic :-P)  maybe 37-29-39


The material:


Thin.  I was hoping to keep warm during the rainy winter this year, so I bought a dress that hopefully will cover all of my body and keep me warm.  I hoped to slide another maxi skirt underneath it, but every crease shows through.  I might wear a slip instead (or put the maxi skirt on top of this one).  What I'm saying is, is that you need something, or else every dimple on your backside will be visible in the right light.  Because it's loose, you'll probably be fine walking around most of the time, but I'm confident that in the right light. or with the right tug of the fabric, people behind you will see butt texture.


The size:


I'm a medium in tops, and a large on bottom. Based on the reviews/information, I chose a large, which is a little too big.  I'd say that I should have gone with a medium, but I still like the way this looks, and with a belt, it's pretty nice.  My hesitation to get a medium is that the fabric is already thin, so any stretching would show more detail than it already does.  Also, this dress comes with pockets, but I imagine that you could see most objects you put in them, tugging parts of the fabric down or pointing out of the fabric.  Maybe a little wallet, but my phone makes the dress hang weird.


The fit:


I hate baggy dresses on me.  Due to my shape, it's easy to look frumpy in maxi dresses.  However, I don't hate this.  In fact, I rather like it with a belt.  It's actually the second maxi dress I've liked enough to buy.


The warmth:


It's not going to keep you warm in the winter, but would pair well with a structured denim jacket or blazer.  Plus, you could wear leggings or really warm socks underneath (the leggings might help with the see through nature of the fabric, too).


Verdict?


I'll keep it...  and see how well it holds up.  If it does well (and hopefully shrinks a little), I'll get another one :)


The dress fit great! I am 5’7, 30 weeks pregnant, 185 pounds. I ordered XL because I don’t like a tight fit.. it was perfect.


Loved the dress but think I ordered a size too small. I'm 5ft 3in 150lbs. I ordered a medium but felt like it showed off my lovehandles, which is not flattering. I also felt like the dress was a little short. I like my maxi's to flow to the ground which this didn't do but I believe it's because I ordered it too small. It feels so comfy and the army green is so beautiful and pockets a major plus in my book! Only reason I dotn want to exchange for a larger size is the elastic waist band. Again, probably because of the size issue but I just want a fan of how it felt. With me being a DD it did seem hard to get over the girls and then didntndeel like it gave them enough room. Hope this helps!


