Nice dress, fits comfortably and as it should for this size, and the material is soft against the skin. Hopefully the seams hold up well. The color is a bit different than I thought it would be - from the picture, I expected the dress to be a cobalt blue, but it more muted.  I still like it, but it's not quite what I expected, so am giving it 3 stars instead of 4.


I was super excited to get this dress...although shipping was delayed. I opened the dress and it is not what is listed.  Listed is a round neck, long sleeve maxi with pockets. What I got was a cross breast, low cut, 3/4 sleeve maxi without packets. I was greatly disappointed and am returning the dress. I would love to reorder but wanted the dress described. ☹


The fabric is very thin. But it is pretty and I got a lot of compliments. I ordered in two colors. The skirt is a bit too long for me and I will need to hem them up about 2 inches to avoid tripping. I am 5' 7" so not a short person. Maybe would be ok for someone with bigger hips than me.


Love this dress. I can dress it up or dress it down. I wore it to my company Christmas party and received several compliments. Even though I'm comfy, a chunky elegant necklace can dress this dress up and become a shoe stopper. I may end up with this dress in every color.


9 months pregnant and this happens to be my favorite dress. This dress is not considered maternity but it really compliments a baby bump. I am 5'7 242lbs and 9 months pregnant.  I purchased this dress in a Large and I get compliments everytime I wear it.  It doesn't


 look like a tent falling over my belly.  It truly compliments me as a pregnant woman and I am sure it will compliment me once the baby bump is gone.  I have washed it once no shrinkage or dethreading.


Now this is a DRESS. I LOVE this little thing and I'll be wearing the heck out of it. The fit compliments your frame, and it's sung enough to keep you warm in the winter time when paired with a coat and some leggings underneath. I have the dark gray one on the one and I'm considering purchasing more colors. I also had no idea this was a Christian company! Thank you for this!


I love this dress. The material is good quality and it is easy to dress up or down. I gave it four stars because it was inordinately long. I am having it hemmed to fit. Other than that, it's perfect. I bought additional colors as well. Interestingly, the other colors are not too long. Could have been a mistake.


This is my favorite fall/winter staple. I bought this dress in black and loved it so much I bought it in burgundy and navy. This dress has POCKETS! The pockets just elevate this dress to the next level.


Absolutely love this dress.  I brought another in a different color.  It is so comfortable.  You can dress it up or keep it casual.  A must have!!!


This dress is so flattering and ideal for the holidays. Fit as expected. I’m 5’3 and ~160 pounds and the size Large fit perfectly


