It fits very well, has pockets, and is soft. What is not to love.


IT IS A LONG DRESS THAT LOOKS NICE WITH POCKETS! POCKETS!!!


I would buy from them again. May even purchase another one of these dresses in a different color.


Love this dress and fits great! -Sleeves are long enough and I am 5'8" and it hits at the floor perfect. My only thing is that I ordered the blue and it is definitely not that bright blue like in the picture.. if I would have known that I would probably have just gotten the black dress.


Love this dress, fits perfect and the color is great.  Very comfortable, but ad others stated it is a little thin, but being a darker color it is not see through.


So comfy and goes with anything. I’m buying another one and so is a friend of mine that saw me wear it. True to size. I’m 5’5 and it was the perfect length.


This fit perfect!! I tried it on but haven't worn it but I will definitely use this when I have a baby and take maternity pics or just for a nicer winter event. It is long and I'm short so would have to wear heels in the winter but it is really cute and would look great with a belt. The material is thin so not warm but very cute.


I just received this dress, tried it on and LOVED it! It is comfy and cozy. You can dress it up with an infinity scarf or a nice piece of jewelry. The material is soft. It fits as expected, I ordered an XL and it fits perfectly.


I am 5’3 and 140 lbs. I ordered size small and it fits wonderfully. I’m glad I didn’t order medium, 1) it would likely be too long (FYI other short ladies), 2) it is perfect for my bust (34 B). Nice material, not see through at all, and has a flattering fit.


I’m 5’7”, 165 pounds, 36 DD or 34 DDD, 35” waist, 42” hope. I have a short torso, but long legs (34” inseam).  I bought this in a large, and it fit everywhere except for the length, which was too short for my taste.  It hit me right at the ankle, which made the line of the dress along my hips seem more clingy than flowy.  Not flattering on my curvy figure. Sent it back.


Was a bit longer, but a couple of washes in hot water and a couple of rounds in the dryer and it's the perfect length now. And you talk about COMFORTABLE!!!! The pockets are a great added bonus! I'd love to have a sleeveless one like it for summer!!


Really like this dress overall. The fabric is comfortable, breathable and stretchy. The pockets are a great addition but it doesn’t do much good for large chested women. The bottom half is great and the length for 5’4” allows for sandals or heels. Really like this dress overall


