I really like this dress as it's very soft and comfy. I'm 5'6" and 140lb. When I first got the dress I thought it fit perfectly as the length touched the floor and long sleeves. After I washed and dried it, it shrank a bit where the length is now to my ankles and no longer touches the floor. I'm clumsy most of the time so it's probably better that the length shortened a bit.


The cut is absolutely stunning and slimming through the hips. I am big cheated so I would order a size up next time as it made the chest area a little thin. Thin fabric so perfect for summer/spring/winter in texas


Love this dress - it's lightweight but perfect for a semi-nice evening out - and when I get tired of it, I'll use it as a nightgown - love the wine color. I'm 5'9' 185 with no hips but all in my top half - it fits well and is very feminine looking


Great lightweight dress that can be layered for cooler temps. I've worn it with boots & sandals both. I've got an hourglass shape,  so the pockets accent my hips too much, so,  probably going to cut them out!


Arrived early and fits me perfectly!! I’ve got some tummy rolls like many women do and this dress completely hid them and still accentuated my waist. The length is also great for me; I’m 5’8 and ordered a medium and the dress was still floor length. The color is very vibrant and lovely. Super happy with this product!!


Love! Wore this to a wedding and got tons of compliments. The only reason I rated it a 4 and not a 5 was be because the material was kinda thin and after I ironed it (before washing) the material looked cheap. But otherwise I love it! I'll probably get it in another color too. AND it has pockets!!


It fits perfectly and I love the way it looks on me. The fabric of the dress is very soft and comfortable. My only problem is that the elastic at the waistband is extremely itchy and constantly poking my skin. I'm going to try some DIY ideas to cover the elastic. It would have been nice if the elastic was inside the cloth instead of directly against the skin.


I ordered three of these. The green, red, and navy. Only the first two colors arrived, even though they it said all three had been delivered. I checked my bank account, and I had paid for all three. I contacted the seller, and they seem to understand the issue and said they will reship. The packing slip on the front only listed two items as well. So be careful when ordering multiples.


The dresses themselves are nice. The red and green colors are even prettier than pictured. The fabric is a little thin. I ordered a size up and I recommend it for sure. The sleeves are fitted, perfect for north Florida winters. The length came down to my feet, I’m curvy and 5’ 10”. The skirt isn’t as full as I had hoped, but overall I consider it a good buy. I hope the navy one arrives.


I love the fit and texture of this dress. And the color is absolutely beautiful. Perfect for a casual date, or to play in a performance. Would not suggest Pre-K or Kindergarten teachers wear this while working as I'm not sure how well it would hold up, but should be fine for teachers with older students.


Worth reading the reviews to figure out of this one will work for you.  It did for me!  I've washed it a couple of times, and it has held up so far. I might buy this in other colors if still available after I wash it a few more times.


