I love this dress! It's stretchy and comfortable, me being tall I was happy to see the sleeves went all the way to my hands and not below my wrist. I'm 150lbs and 5'7 and I ordered a medium. This dress is versatile with accessories, I wear a waist belt with it! Or even a denim jacket. Plus I love the pockets!


Super thin material, very easy to see through. Material is very comfortable though, good stretch. I do feel like the fit is somewhat small, and would recommend a size up.


Overall, if you had a slip to go under the dress, you could make it work. If I could return mine, i would.


Super soft and cozy. Actually fits great but is shorter than I expected. I’m 5’5” and 125lbs and it doesn’t quite reach the floor (I bought small) so get medium if you want it long!


Love the color (the burgundy color) I get compliments from everyone every time I’ve worn it!


I love this dress!  I'm 5'9", and it hits the floor.  I'd guess it would be long enough for women a couple inches taller than me.  The green color is really rich, and the fabric is very soft.  I'm definitely going to buy it in more colors.


I LOVE this dress. It fit PERFECTLY, great quality, the fabric was nice and soft, I am 5'6" and got an XXL and was the perfect length. I struggle ordering dresses because I am a larger woman and I was afraid it was going to outline my stomach and it did not. I would HIGHLY recommend this dress for anyone looking for a maxi dress.


This dress is mostly comfortable and has pockets, which  is really nice. The only downside is that the seam around the waist is itchy. I threw a cami on underneath and that worked well. I'll be wearing this dress a lot, I can tell.


Love Love Love it. Fits like a glove and is very comfortable. This dress has a flattering fit and the fabric though on the thinner side, is nice and not see thru. I really like it. Will probably buy more in different colors.


Love those pockets, but it would be helpful if the materal were just a bit heavier. Nice fit on top and I love the length..great if your 5’8”. I ordered two colors...same size...however the blue is larger than the brown.


Love this dress. It fits so well and is so comfortable. I love wearing it. You can dress it up with a long necklace or scarf. I didn’t even have to wear anything under it. Not see through. Love the pockets.


Love this dress, great quality and the pockets are lovely. I never wear dresses and needed to wear one to my pops service, this dress was very conferrable and fit nicely...would for sure buy again.


