This is really cute. I'm 5'2 and this drags the ground but that's normal for my height for the most part.  It's figure friendly being that I'm a 2x.  I'm considering purchasing another color.


I love this dress! I'm very picky when it comes to clothing, but even the fabric is nice. I absolutely love the pockets too!


I love this dress. It fits perfectly. The material is a little thin, but the it's soft and comfortable. The pockets are very convenient. I was able to store my phone and lipstick in my pocket at a party and the dress did not turn bulky. I am definitely getting this in other colors.


Fits perfectly, when I washed it though, the fabric had some lines through it. Not sure if it’s the dye and if it will fix itself or what but it’s still very cute


This was the perfect dress for our company Christmas party. I highly recommend it. I am 5’5 & 145 lbs, wearing a M and it fits perfectly.


Very comfortable and true to size , I’m 5/2 and I bought a medium . I got it in two colors and they both gorgeous. Highly recommend. Satisfied


I was scared when I ordered this thinking it would be too long but when I put it on it was a perfect fit! I ordered a small and I'm 5'7. I do suggest to hang up to dry, after washing and putting in the dryer it did shrink up a little bit. It's extremely comfy and I just added a skinny belt at the bust to add more to the outfit.


Super cute! Perfect for my friends holiday party tonight.  I love the wine color.  The material is super soft and comfortable.  I an 5"4 127 pounds and I ordered a small.  It's the perfect length.  I love the pockets! They do stick out a tad which makes you look a tad bigger in the hips.  My only complaint.  Will def order another in a different color.


This is very pretty dress. Very thin though. I gave it only a three stars because I ordered a blue one and received a red one. Disappointing.  I am usually a US size 8-10 and the medium fit me the way I would have liked for it to fit.


New favorite dress. Ordered another color as well because I love it so much.


