Aside from this dress being a little long, the fit was perfect and great quality. Not see through like some of the maxi dresses I have bought. For reference I am 5’5, 130 and ordered a small.


Got this for my daughter to wear 8 months pregnant, for very well because it stretches. Very pretty color, nice material. Fast shipping, good price. Overall very satisfied.


 Thank you


Outstanding quality and one of my favorite dresses.  Very long.  I'm 5'8" and it almost touches the ground but that's how I wanted mine.  So soft and not see through at all.  Love the pocket feature as well!


I am 5'8 and this dress is long enough! I love when they hit right at my feet!! Perfect!! and I usually wear a large i ordered bigger according to their sizing. I am glad I did it fit perfect!


Wore this for my Fall engagement photos!  It's so perfect! :)  Will probably buy in other colors!


Love the dress flows and the material is super soft. Great dress for the price. I will definitely buy in burgundy.


I received my dress today packaged very nicely .  My dress size is typically a size 8 or 10. I'm 5ft 7", 164 lbs I ordered a medium and it fits perfectly!!!! I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this Dress, material is comfortable , soft, not too thin. I also like the fact I can dress it up or dress it down. Will be ordering more colors!!!


I love this dress.  I got it a day earlier than expected and as soon as I got it and tried it on I feel in love. I even ordered another in a different color the same day this one came in the mail. It is comfortable, the pockets are great and its one of the dresses that you can wear for any occasion.


Dress is long! Perfect for if your tall, sleeves were long as well. Love this dress!


I love maxi dresses as they’re so comfortable and ideal for any occasion and just perfect for summer. I am 5’4 around 150lbs and I ordered medium it is perfect! But I am afraid that as I am trying to lose weight that it will be a little longer on me afterwards, but still totally worth it. Plan on buying every colour !!!


