Used this for my Te Fiti dress for Halloween. Was thin fabric but I was able to glue flowers to it easily with a hot glue gun. Wish I would've bought two, one for everyday wear- it fit really well and was super comfy


I bought the black in a small. I usually wear a size 8. This was a little clingy but not so bad that I can’t wear it. I’m only 5’2” and I had to hem it 4.5 inches and take the sleeves up about 3”. I have a serger so it wasn’t a big problem but it would’ve been if I needed to hand sew it or use a regular machine since the fabric is very stretchy. I recommended this dress to other women in my chorus and at least 6 have purchased one. We needed a long black dress with sleeves and for $20 you can’t go wrong. Having the pockets is an added bonus!


I LOVE this dress! I was looking for a black recital dress that was comfy, good for the price, and multifunctional, and this definitely fits the bill. It’s warm in winter when layered appropriately, but lightweight enough that I can perform or wear it in warmer months without getting overheated. Already planning on buying other colors!


I’m about 5’6” and wear a size 16. I ordered an XL and it fit perfectly, except that it's a bit longer than I’d like. The sleeves aren’t too long or too tight, and the dress is easy to get on.


There are two small problems I’ve noticed though:


1. I was hoping the waist would hit a few inches below the bustline, but because I’m fairly busty, it sits right underneath my chest, where the dress length is perfect. I can pull it down to where I want the waist and it would still fit nicely, but I’d have to hem the dress by an inch or so for it to work. A small drawback, but a longer scarf can easily cover the waistline.


2. Because the material is thin, wearing something underneath is (in my opinion) absolutely necessary to prevent the world from seeing your undergarments in direct light. A dress slip or maybe a tank and some tights/leggings that match each other works well.


TL;DR: Buy the dress. You won’t regret it! Great value for the price. Heads up: You will need to wear a slip or layers underneath.


If you are taller than 5'6" this dress will too short. I think the ideal height for this dress is 5'4" or 5'5". It definitely doesn't hit the ground but it's not super short either. The dress fit as expected. I am a 32DDD so the top portion is more like an empire waist fit but it works with this style. It material is soft and the dress is well made. I was nervous that it may have been that cheap material that clings but it isn't. Highly recommend. Cute sandals and a statement necklace pull this look together. I absolutely love it!


I love the packaging with the zip lock bag. I thought it was going to be a mess when I opened it but there were no wrinkles.  Great for travel and  would be comfortable to wear for long hours.  Love the pockets.  The dress was too tight in the breast and elastic area and the sleeves were a little long. The skirt and length was great. I ordered the 1X which is my normal size and if I wanted to return it and get the 2X size for more comfort, the sleeves would REALLY be too big. Good thing I'm on a diet!


Very soft fabric - mine says 95% rayon 5% spandex, not polyester, and feels silky and decently thick. This doesn't cling too much, the top is thick enough that your bra isn't obvious. Length is a bit much for 5'4 me, but the medium feels maybe slightly large - I will likely try a small if I reorder (140 lbs, 5'4, pear-shaped). Really comfortable and graceful looking, good to dress up or down.


Love this dress! I always have a difficult time finding longer dresses that work and this is great. I'm 5'5 and it just barely hits the ground. It's perfect once I put on shoes withjust a tiny heel. It belts nicely and is modest. I am an XL in most things and this dress is super flattering.  The only draw back is the material is thinner but, I love it nonetheless. It washed really well on a cold, gentle cycle, turned inside out and hung to dry. I plan on getting more. I can see where it would work for maternity as well. There is plenty of fabric.


I was really impressed by this and am planning on ordering more. When you look at it, it is a little opaque but can't see through when wearing although it's a nice loose fit on me like shown in the pictures. Love the pockets and fit is perfect. I prefer the "waist cinch" to be more under my chest than at my natural waist and it was there, super flattering fit and length is perfect to wear with flats (5'4", sz small).


I love love love this dress it fit perfectly. The fabric color was beautiful purple and so soft and comfy. I will definitely get more colors. I’m 5-3” and the length of a large covered my feet with no shoes so heels or flats will work fine. The top is nice and fitted the skirt falls nice and is very flattering and flows lightly. I’m a 14/16 bust and the cut is youthful and snug, you should order up a size if you want it to be a loose fit.


I love this dress so much that I bought 2 more in other colors. It's flattering, super comfortable, I love the pockets that are useful but don't add width to the hips like other pocket dresses. Super easy to dress up or down. If it wouldn't be noticeable to wear this every day, I would get it in every color they had haha.


