I bought this dress for my maternity photoshoot and it fit me really well. It's not a maternity dr DD. It it hangs loose from chest down and is very comfortable. I bought a size S. The lace on the dress is also very pretty. I wore the dress again to a friend's wedding. Overall, nice dress!


My daughter ordered this to wear at her friends wedding reception. She is a bridesmaid and needed a navy dress. This dress is beautiful and the material is really nice quality. For the price it was an amazing find.


This is beautiful, high quality, and fits like a dream! I could not be more pleased with this dress. I've worn $200 bridesmaid dresses that aren't this nice or pretty.


I'm 5 5 and weigh 140... got the small. Fits perfect, looks just like the pictures. Very flowy and beautiful.


The dresses were beautiful and we'll made. Unfortunately  they were too small. But it wasnt the dress, I have an odd body shape and it's hard to find a dress.


I bought a size large for my bridesmaids to try on to see what sizes they are and what I needed to get them and it worked perfectly for one of them. Fit comfortably and would just barely graze the floor with flats on. No alterations needed! Love! I’ll probably get them a belt or sash to go with it..


I bought a larger size as everyone recommended and it worked out perfectly! I love this dress!! I am going to wear it all the time!


I ordered bigger since I know most formal dresses run small. I can NOT wait to wear this dress.


I never write reviews, but felt I had to for this one.  This dress is absolutely awesome!  Extremely well made, flattering, and so comfortable.  I was amazed at the quality and fit for the price!  I am going to purchase in the black as well, and possibly have it shortened.  I think it would be adorable that way as well.


So happy with this purchase!


It was really long and not the same color as the picture shown. It was a different shade of red but it was a beautiful dress and complimenting on any body shape.


