I love every aspect of this dress! My only wish is that the lase top came down to my natural waist, I'm 5'9" with a long torso so this cuts my on my ribs, but the top is stretchy so I just pulled it down and used a nice gold belt to keep it down. The material is amazingly soft and looks great!


This dress is amazing! You can't get anything better for the price. I feel great in it. I read reviews where the girls said the upper part was seamed higher than they expected. That actually drew me in more! Since I'm so busty and have belly I hate ... this dress just looks amazing on!


dress fits great, love the feel.....most dresses are too long but this one  it's the right length now I won't have to worry about tripping


I'm so happy with this item. This dress fits true to size. You get exactly what you see in the picture. Ofcourse no two women are shaped alike, so if you're expecting to look exactly like the model that is pictured in the dress........that is not a realistic expectation. Expect to look like you.....lovely in a great dress. The material for this dress is pretty weighty and course.....but of good quality. I'm pretty sure that you'll be pleased with your purchase of this item.


This dress was good quality for the money, fit good material felt good on my skin comfortable..


Large fit perfect 5ft 3in 187 lbs 8 months pregnant


I ordered this dress twice, once accidentally using the Amazon sizing chart and then the manufacturer's sizing chart. Both times it was too big. The back of the dress is absolutely gorgeous but the front somehow looked weirdly conservative and frumpy. Something I didn't really see in other reviews is that the top is COMPLETELY see through in the front. There is a lining behind the lace but it is incredibly thin and almost pointless.


I got the wrinkles out of the dress and realized the zipper was sewn incorrectly onto the dress and it completely ruined the back pleats. I was not able to wear it because it bunched up weird in the back.


I wore this dress to dinner at a very nice restaurant with my boyfriend. It is very long and elegant on my 5'10" hourglass frame. Just enough curve bit not too revealing. Wore it with a tan bra because the back is all lace. It was absolutely perfect!!!


I absolutely love this dress! I bought it as a costume for a play that I'm in and after reading the reviews which said it was a little small, I ordered mine two sizes up and it fits perfectly. It looks just like the picture and it's so comfortable


Has to return looks cheap. Not what I was looking for


