My favorite long dress. Very comfortable


Beautiful dress, well made.  Very pleasantly surprised.


I love this dress. Fit is small but I took other reviews into account when ordering the size. It's amazing on.


Fit a bit loosely. But looked amazing and made me feel gorgeous.


I LOVE THIS DRESS! I am 8 months pregnant and needed a formal for a wedding. I just received it and tried it on and it is perfect! I cannot believe the price for this dress! It is made really well and looks like a much more expensive dress. I am 5'9" and 158 34D at 8 months pregnant and the medium is a perfect fit everywhere and comes to the floor with no shoes. I have a little more room to grow in the belly, too. I paired it with a belt I bought on Amazon for $9. Perfect! Can't wait to rock it!


Edit: Wore this last night to a formal wedding at 34.5 weeks pregnant. It was gorgeous, I got so many compliments, and I was actually comfortable all night!


This was my backup dress for a formal event. The dress fit nicely, though the sleeve shape is slightly unflattering. It is nothing special, but would get the job done in a pinch.


I ordered it for my daughter, and she modeled it via video phone call--looks great! Nice product and fast service.


Perfect solution to the last minute prom dress needed. Fit great in the body. A little long, but that was easily hemmed. Very reasonable price, especially since, she's not likely to wear it more than once.


It's a beautiful dress but it fits small in the bust size! I would definitely order up at least one size!  The company was great They are taking it back and I ordered a new one the new one fits much better but had to go up at least two sizes more than what I usually wear


I ordered a large, but it was too roomy. So I could have ordered a M, I was just concerned about fabric.


Very pretty blue, but unfortunately I had to return dress, as the zipper got stuck and broke while I was trying it on. Don't want to risk ordering another. Other than that, would have been a very pretty dress.


