I LOVE this dress! I had never purchased clothes off Amazon and was a little nervous, but this was perfect! I don't typically buy long dresses since I'm 5'4" (on a good day) and they're usually too long. I wore about 2" heels with this and it was just a little long but not a nuisance. You really just want to buy this to fit your chest since it's not fitted. I'm a C and had no problems at all. It would've been a little tight if it wasn't loose but it covered up my food baby perfectly! Just wish I had more reasons to wear it!


I bought this dress for my engagement photos and it was truly perfect.


First, I'll get the bad out of the way. The materials are not high quality or even close. The zipper is a little sticky and the lace on the back is eh, not the best. A size small was too big on me, I'd say it's equivalent to a US size 6. I hired a tailor to take it in so it ended up fitting me well.


Color-wise, it's more of a true red than the burgundy/dark red you see in the product photos. It's also pretty long- I'm 5'8" and almost had to have it hemmed, so if you're shorter definitely plan on hemming it.


However​, the dress photographs extremely well. It looks like an expensive dress from some angles, and the color is just brilliant. I couldn't find a similar dress in stores for the same price, so I'm glad I was able to pick this one up.


This is an absolutely GORGEOUS dress! I cannot wait to wear this dress. I ordered a size medium, but definitely should've went with the small which is why I'm giving it 4 stars. I'm 5'7", 150 pounds, 34DD, 28 waist...with nice hips. The dress falls perfectly on my frame and has enough length for me to wear heels or flats. The fabric is super nice, the lace is pretty flattering and doesn't look like I'm showing all of my chest. The lace is lined in the front and not in the back to add another element of sexy.


I wore this to a wedding and got a ton of compliments. Nobody would have guessed I didn't pay hundreds for this dress. The color is absolutely stunning in person and the lace is so feminine. Can't wait for the next occasion to wear it.


Dress is very pretty but I'm still in the fence about keeping it or not. Although it is lined in the front, you can see straight through it when holding it up. Not sure how this will work for an afternoon wedding. I love the back but being rather busty I need a little support and don't want a bra to show.


Will be deciding on keeping or not within a few days.


The biggest drawback with this dress is the lace is stretchy in the back so it takes a lot of crazy maneuvering to get it zipped. It took both hubby and me to zip it up. I had to hold the lace while he pulled the zipper, but it was still difficult with the 2 of us & we didn't want to make it a family affair and have our son hold part of it too to get the zipper up. Other than that the dress fit well. I suggest going a size up . I wear a size 2 and I ordered the medium & it fit snug.


Bought this dress to wear at a fancy dinner my husband took me to. I was about 5 months pregnant at the time. I am 5'4 and was about 220lbs at the time. It looked great, the only issue I had was that it was really long, if I would have had time I would have had fixed it but next time I wear it, it should fit better. Plus I don't wear high heels when pregnant, I wore about a 2inch heel that day.


Stretchy and comfortable, just like my favorite maxi dresses I wear daily, with a little fancy flair from the lace. Will be perfect to wear for a wedding. Sure you might have to trim some threads, but what can you expect for the price?


I’m 5’ 6 1/2”, 34E, 137lbs. A Small fits perfectly- that’s my normal dress size. It’s not quite long enough for me to wear very high heels or wedges like I want to, but about an inch or two too long to wear flats.


I'm 5'2", I have a short torso and weigh 115lbs. Had a baby 2 months prior to ordering the dress and it fit like a glove. The bodice was not too long which is normally something I struggle with. It fit well through the shoulders and through the bust. I tried it on prior to nursing my child and after nursing to see what a difference the fit would make but both times the dress fit nicely. I purchased the dress in size small color navy blue and I am thrilled with the product. I ordered it in March for a wedding in December. It is a light fabric that can easily be paired with a cover for the wedding in December but also worn in warmer months.


Gorgeous dress, just as pictured!! However, it was a little too lose for my liking. I ordered a size S and am 4'10" and weigh 113 pounds. It didn't look bad on me and would probably be great if I plan on eating a lot of food, but I just prefer it to be tighter around the stomach and chest area. The color is beautiful and I highly recommend it, and the dress is amazing quality for the price. Also, everything came very well packaged. Also this dress is very very long and you would have to get it hemmed if you're around my height.


