I loved this dress. At 5'6 I needed to get it hemmed (it was long in the front oddly like a maternity dress) but the bust is where I was worried about and it fit perfectly. I am a size 12/14 with a 36ddd breast and while my chest was not hidden (rarely is at this size) it wasn't so much boob that I felt self conscious. Wore it all night and it stayed great. At this price it's 100% worth it.


This dress is beautiful and the color is even better in real life (on the forest side of emerald green). The lace isn't itchy at all and it's well made. I took a gamble on this one because I liked it so much, but unfortunately the empire waist isn't flattering on my short frame. I still give it five stars though because the fit, quality, and appearance are completely on point.


Returned it. Not as pretty in person and also very very heavy dress.


Pretty but way too big. I'm an 8/10 and ordered a 10 because there were reviews that the dress ran small. Well the dress I got is more like a 12 than a 10. It isn't form fitting at like like the picture. Talk about deceiving. Returning it


I went to a wedding in this and it hugged my curves nicely while giving me a respectable amount of cleavage.


Made well and has nice stretch.  Usually wear a large, but anticipated this running a little small.


Im almost 8 1/2 months pregnant. Normally 130 lbs at 5'5...but I weigh much more than that right now. This dress is PERFECT for what I bought it for and the length is also perfect. Keep in mind that the entire top is pretty much see through lace....however I put on a black bra and it blended in nicely to where I don't think I need an under shirt. I think it would be up to the individual though. Great buy! Especially for the price!


I bought this dress in 3 color (black, navy, and green) because I couldn't decide which one I wanted. I ended up keeping all 3! It's a very flattering fit and it's simply beautiful. Bravo


I had a baby not too long ago and still trying to lose the baby weight. I bought this dress for a friends wedding; I wanted something pretty and flatering. I got the XL thinking the L would be too tight (usually I wear a medium 8/10 when I haven't had to share my body with another human). The XL fits but it is a little loose so I'm getting the next size down; which is a glorious feeling! The dress that was delivered is beautiful and the color is true to the pictures. Can't wait to party in the dress in a few weeks!


I got this dress for a wedding - best woman - and I love it. I tried it on and it fit perfectly, being a plus size woman (I ordered XXL) I always get really nervous about dresses. This one, though, left me feeling confident, sexy, and comfortable. I have to get it hemmed, however, I'm just short. Definitely recommend this dress!


