Exceeded my expectations. Fits perfectly with room for a growing belly. I am 5’7 130 lbs and 16 weeks pregnant. I am wearing a size small. I will be using this for a bridesmaid dress when I am 20 weeks and it will work perfectly. The dress is quite long so I will be wearing 3.5” heels with it so it doesn’t drag. In the picture I am wearing no shoes. The back is also pure lace so a backless bra is definitely needed.


This dress is simple but very elegant. It is very comfortable! My favorite part is because of the bottom you cannot see my muffin top!


Would definetly recommend this dress!


From the waist down fit was great. However, the bodice was not sized as described in the sizing chart. I ordered the 3x which should have actually been slightly too big by about 3 to 4 inches. I was willing to pay to have it fitted correctly, But there is no way that the bodice would fit a 50-52 inch measuring size which is what the 3x says the chest measurement fits. Maybe 40-42 measurement. It is a nice gown and would have been great and perfect for the occasion I needed it for if the sizing had been correct. I will donate it to an organization that gives away prom dresses since it is a nice dress.


I ordered this for my sisters wedding that I am a bridesmaid of. Just make sure you follow their sizing chart when you buy and not what you THINK you are. I ended up following the chart and ordered a size larger than I usually am, and it fits me perfectly! My only issue is that its really static-y. Hopefully that will go away on the day of the wedding and not mess up our hair... I'll update if the static goes away.


I ordered (6) of these for bridesmaids dresses. (2) of the dresses we had shortened for personal attendants. They did fit a little high around the waist area but all in all I am very happy with the purchase. I love that the back of the dress which is full lace! I have attached a photo from the wedding. I just couldn't believe the price! Very happy with the purchase!


So beautiful! Love this dress! The top is a little see through so I would recommend wearing a liner under but it is beautiful and so comfortable. I am a bigger lady and this dress is so very flattering on my figure. I am 5'4 and it is pretty long on me.


Nice dress, but if ordering multiple dresses they are quite different colors. Ordered for bridal party and smaller sizes were darker red and larger sizes came in a bright red. Reordered multiple times with same issue.


This dress is exactly how it's pictured! Great quality for an awesome price. I'm 16 weeks pregnant and bought it for our gender reveal pictures and I'm so excited to wear it! 8 ordered a small and it's give me perfect amount of room for my little bump. I'm 5'5" and it completely covers my feet which I love!


I definitely recommend this product


While this was labelled as casual and I bought the dress to lounge around my apartment, it's far far fancier and more beautiful that the pictures give it credit. The lace top and crepe bottom make for a gorgeous ensemble. I can't believe how affordable it was for the quality. Now, I wish I'd ordered all the colors not only red.


This dress was a wonderful purchase, especially considering the great price tag! The color is a lovely emerald green, accurate to the product photos. The dress is also much more comfortable than I was expecting -- the lace is soft and flexible, with a bit of stretch. As others have said, the skirt is quite roomy, so as long as you use your chest measurements to figure out your size, you should be guaranteed a good fit. I'm 5'4" and could stand to have about 4 inches hemmed from the bottom, so keep that in mind if you're a tall lady. The dress was packaged well, folded nicely with minimum wrinkling, which should come out easily enough by steaming it.


A solid 5 stars for this product! I'm definitely considering buying more from Miusol in the future.


