Beautiful deep red color with a lace top.  This could be worn with a bolero jacket for a Christmas party or on a summer evening as a "just going to dinner for no reason" dress.  Love it!


Beautiful dress! I had to shorten the dress because it was too long for me, but it fit perfectly everywhere else!


Beautiful a little snug in chest area where it zips but not by much ordered 3x and it looks gorgeous bought for sons wedding great price got right away does not look cheap at all.


Arrived as ecpected and looks just like in image.


Absolutely beautiful dress!! The color is a nice deep forest green, and not a common color for more formal gowns, but this is definitely worth taking a risk on!  I'm 5'2 and with 3-4 inch heels, it's perfect and needs no alterations.


This dress fit like a glove. The back is all lace so you do need to think about your undergarments but it's totally worth it. It was long enough for me and I'm 5'10" so that is rare. All in all an amazing find on amazon!


Used in my sister's wedding. 5 girls purchased this dress, and they all fit perfectly! This was the most comfortable dress I have ever worn! The lace on the back was very soft, it fit all different body types and was flattering. And the price was awesome as well.


Lovely dress w/ a beautiful color. Fabric does not look or feel cheap. Was about six inches too long, but that was expected as I'm 160ish pounds and 5 feet tall - ordered a large - #strugglesoftheverticallychallenged. However it was very flattering. Got lots of compliments when wearing it.


Only note of caution is that the lace back is unlined.


I'm post pregnancy and couldn't find anything in my closet that would fit for an upcoming event. I didn't want to spend a lot on something since I'm in transition with my weight.  I never write reviews...but this dress took me by surprise! I'm 5'5 and 165 pds right now and the large was a perfect fit! Absolutely perfect!!! Very happy!


I bought this to wear at a friend's wedding (I am on the groom's side of the wedding party and did not want to wear a tux). It fit very well. I am 5'7", weigh 120 lbs, and a 34B. I ordered a small and it was perfect. I usually don't wear maxi dresses as I think they tend to make women look pregnant from the empire waists, but the bodice was fitted nicely.


