This dress is really beautiful and definitely doesn't look cheap at all. The fabric is super soft. It is a bit plain but nothing that a nice belt won't fix. The dress was long so I had to have it shorten but I'm 5' so that is usually the drill with every dress I buy.


Quality is higher than expected!  Ordered in black.  The waist does hit a little higher than expected, but it still looks great.  The skirt is very long as well - I ordered the smallest size, and I'm 5'6", and the skirt brushes the floor when I'm wearing 2" heels.  Overall a great purchase, and I get lots of compliments whenever I wear it!


I love the fit of this dress but the first time I put it on and no problems getting the zipper down to put it on but when I tried to put the zipper up the minute I took a breath it broke the zipper very disappointed because it was a beautiful dress


All of my bridesmaids love these dresses and they look great on them!! If you wear a nude bra it is almost invisible in the back. The quality and price are so amazing. I am a very happy bride with happy bridesmaids.


Bought this for my girlfriend, who usually wears a L, but the M fit pretty well. She's 5'5" and the dress is maybe an inch too long; with heels it'd be perfect. The only reason she wanted to give this a 4 instead of 5 star review is the zipper does not have a top clasp, and the lace fabric isn't very strong along where the zipper is.  Sipping up feels like you're going ti possibly tear it.


Order up a size.  The gown seemed like a good quality but it doesn't fit right for my body shape.


I love it! The fit is great. The color is exactly was shown.  I really love the color it's so rich.  An excellent dress for the price.  I really got more.  I am very pleased with the dress. The top of the dress is lace but with some elasticity good fit being an empire waist line.  In formal wear it's cut smaller so I ordered two size up. I'm 5'7" a medium and I ordered an extra large . This is from personal experience. It fits like the model's dress.


Nice dress ! Very comfortable.  Had to send for hemming, which was more expensive than the dress...


It was a great buy.  I wish they would come up with a size system that would take in consideration the height the same way men's shirts have not only collar size but sleeve length.


I bought this dress at the last minute for a formal event and was pleasantly surprised when I received it


. The quality was better than I expected. I bought a size 3x to be used as a maternity dress. Currently I take a size 14-16 in US size. I found this size was slighly larger than expected. I should have gone with a size 1-2x, how ever it did work. The top part of the dress it a stretchy lace fabric, so if a person order a size smaller, it will still work. Very pleased with the dress.


I loved everything about the dress except the length...if you are short then it will have to be taken up quite a bit even w heels!...I am 5'4" and weight 145...I took it up almost 8 in so I could wear it w sandals...the medium fit great but if you don't want your bra to show then you will need tape or adhesive bra...over all great quality and feel for the price!!...I am going to by at least one more color for another wedding in November!


