Arrived in two days and fit great. 5ft 140#, 30" waist, 41" hips (all about that bass). The medium fit well although the length needed to be altered (shorty). Received many compliments!! Expertly made, like other reviewers pointed out.


I love this dress. I use it for my friends wedding, comfortable and the quality is good for the price.


I wore this to a charity gala and no one would have guesses that I paid as little as I did on this wonderfully made gown.


I am 5'7" & 145# - I got a M and it fit perfectly.


The quality on this is phenomenal, especially for the price. The only issue was that in the back, right under the zipper, it bunched up oddly. I'm not quite sure why, but it's not the most flattering thing in the world.


This dress was honestly fine, I would have kept it if it was longer. I’m 5’9” and it was closer to my ankles than floor length. The back didn’t have much structure which is to be expected as it’s lace. The front was a little see through so I’d be wary of wearing it if there was going to be a lot of flash photography.


Loved the dress EXCEPT that it was about 6 inches too long and impossible for me to hem.  On a taller person, it would have been about right, if that person were about 5'9" or taller.


So far this is this the 3rd of 5  I will ordered and the only issue with this was that I ordered a small and was sent a medium .Thankgoodness one of the girls needs a med so we swapped .I just ordered a small again hopefully I get a small ..Other than that the dress is perfect and will be bridesmaids dresses .


I am between a 22-24 and got the 3X. I am very wide around my hits, but small bust. This dress fit perfect. The open lace back made a bra a little difficult, but I wore my hair down and I wore a bra that had a design on its back, so it worked in the end. I am 5'4 and wore heels, and it was perfect length for myself. The price and quality was great.


Absolutely in love with this dress! Soft material and it's the perfect length and size! I'm 5'5 and about 124-127 lbs and I got a small! It fits perfectly!! Beautiful dress overall!!


Husband loves it!  I flows so beautifully. Fit perfectly! Arrived in great shape with no wrinkles! Very comfortable too. Added a diamond belt and walla!  Would buy again!!


