The dress was just perfect. It fits perfect and is not too long. I am a size 10 and have a 36D bra size. So I ordered a large. It fits perfectly. I am wearing it to a dinner auction where the theme is Glitz and Glamour and everyone I showed it to says it fits the theme perfectly. I wish I had more formal affairs to attend. I would buy to red one too!


I knew I was taking a risk by purchasing a dress online for a formal event, but I couldn't resist the price and was thrilled with what I received. This dress looks just like the photo, and is very light and comfortable. It fit perfectly, which was the greatest shock of all. I have a very difficult time finding a dress that fits me when shopping in person, let alone online. The only minor issue I had with the dress was that it wrinkles very easily and can hold a lot of static. However, I kept the dress hanging up and used some anti-static spray on it on the day of my event and it did the trick! Would highly recommend this dress.


Fits perfectly! I have long legs so I usually have  A hard time finding dresses that are long and I have to go all the way down to cover my ankles. This does the job.  i'm usually a size medium and I ordered an extra large. As it's being from China usually a size or two up helps.  In my opinion it's way more beautiful than the picture.


The dress fit perfectly and was pretty but it looks like a nightgown and was made out of fabric that felt like a nightgown. I sent it back because I would have felt like I was wearing my pajamas to a formal event. It does seem to be well-made and it was pretty.


Really flattering dress, especially beautiful for a large busted woman.  The lace material is stretchy so the top of the dress has a custom fit. The bottom of the dress is full, with a sheer panel overlay.  Way nicer than I imagined or thought I could buy at this price.  Be prepared to steam the dress upon arrival, it comes pretty wrinkled.


This dress is gorgeous! I'm 5'3" and 135lb. The small fits really well with the exception of it being a little bit too long even with heels. It's great for pear shaped women. It's also not nearly as low cut in the chest as I expected it to be.


I can't wait to wear it to my event!


Such a beautiful dress. Bought for myself as a sample for bridesmaid. The arm holes are a bit small. I wish it came with a waist sash to tie.  (Im squeezing the back to look like I have that hourglass shape). I'm 5'7" & 130lbs. The length was perfect. Overall, highly recommend dress. Not too casual & not too fancy- just right.


Okay, this dress is insane. I originally got XL but imo runs quite small. I went up TWO sizes and got it in Navy and I got so many compliments! It's comfortable and long and I wore it with tieks and it was just insanely good. I felt good all night and it was just easy and beautiful. Needs more colors.


This dress is gorgeous and will be worn to a wedding. This is my 2nd Miusol dress and I'm in love with both. I got the green and its a wonderful shade. The fit is perfect and both dresses are so beautiful on. I got both dresses at $20 and they are as good as a bridesmaid dress I had to buy for $150!! Shipment was quick, packaging was great... no complaints at all! Will definitely order more in the future. I am 5'4 and 120 lbs and I got the small. They are a little long which is great if you are wearing heels. (Mine have been 3-4 inch heels). I definitely recommend this dress


My mom was getting married on March 19th and she asked me to be her maid of honor. She wanted us to wear shades of red and to look classy. I just recently gave birth December 2nd 2015 and I have yet to lose all the baby weight.


This dress made me feel amazing about the way I look. No love handles, no rolls, nothing!


I'm 5'5 and 155 lbs so I ordered a large :) and it fit great. The only thing would be that it was pretty long for me. Even in 5 inch heels, it was still long. I had to take a few inches off which wasn't that big of a  deal to me since my mom knows how to work a sewing machine.


