Ordered for a friend - this is her review:


The dress was exactly what I expected it would be, and I'm extremely happy with it.


I ordered my "normal" size and the dress was too small.  Because of the stretch, I could get it on, but it wasn't comfortable, and it bunched and didn't hang well.  I re-ordered according to the seller's size chart (NOT Amazon's size chart), and that size fits well.


The dress was too long for me, even wearing heels (I'm 5'4").  The dress and the lining had to be hemmed separately which is fine if you (or someone you know) have a sewing machine and know how to use it.


Overall, I'm very happy with this dress.


If you're looking for a formal dress at a reasonable price that's great quality, fits perfectly and all in all is just a genuinely gorgeous dress, you've found it. Buzzfeed.com had an article about the best prom dresses on amazon & that's how we found this beauty. Sent link to daughter as we were looking for the JROTC ball & she picked this one out in emerald green & we were both completely blown away. No one believes I paid $40 for it, as it looks like it cost way more. We purchased a wedding dress satin string belt to add some bling to it & the results are stunning. Yes, you can get a decent dress online!!


ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS DRESS!


I bought this dress for a Mrs. Division beauty pageant (I won!) And was even awarded best dressed!


dress is extremely soft and comfortable.  I wear a normal size 12/14 and the dress has a stretchy material. I ordered a size XXL and have room to loose or gain weight.


I am 5'4" , 182 pounds and wear a 38C.


Excellent buy!


I didn't think I was going to like this product and was expecting the worst questioning  how great could this dress be based on the price and bought on amazon- WRONG!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT SOOO MUCH!!! I bought it for a Bridesmaids dress and I don't want to take it off during trials and alterations. The dress is a little long, but I expected that being I am 5'1". I usually wear a size 10 in dress, Large fit perfect. Its not too much, or not too small. The flowy dress also hides imperfections on the body.


Definitely really pretty, and will work perfectly for the event I bought it for, after I get the wrinkles and static out. The static is so bad that it sticks to my legs, and the sheer layer sticks to the solid layer and makes it so it doesn't hang properly. Maybe it's the Colorado air, but if the static doesn't go, I won't be able to wear it. It also has a really weird 4-5 inches long stitch, between the 2 layers down the middle of my booty, that makes the dress less flowy than I'd like. I don't know if it was a mistake when it was made or not, but that's the one thing I don't like about the dress itself. If it wasn't for that it'd be 5 stars. I usually wear a 12/14 or a Large and I'm glad I got this in an XL. Fits like a glove. Love the fact that it zips, makes it fit better in the top, and I bought sticky pads to wear, but it does a decent job supporting, regardless. I'm 5'5 and was hoping to wear either flats or 4+ inch heels, but neither are an option. Flats I'll trip all night, and anything higher than 2" will stick out of the bottom of the dress. All in all, I'm glad I took a chance on it. It's gorgeous for the cost.


This is an amazing dress, so flattering :D and beautiful. Not a single unseemly stitch or flaw that I have noticed thus far. I bought this as a multi purpose item for my cosplay (goes well with a leather medieval style belt, bracers, cape and wig) and is definitely nice enough to wear this out if I ever go anywhere fancy enough. I'm seriously contemplating also buying different colors...


As others have said, the quality is much better than I would have expected for the price. Overall, very happy with the quality. Also, as other have noted, the waist is pretty high - more like an empire waist than what is shown in the pictures. Unfortunately, I was torn between choosing the small and the medium size, and I went with the medium, which is a bit large on me. I will be having it taken in. I am 5'8" and 135 lbs. The length is good. I tried it on barefoot, but I'm guessing I could wear 2" heels and the gown would still reach the floor.


I had this in my wish list as a possible prom dress when it was $34 and one day the price went down to $9.99 so I ordered it right away. The red is brighter than shown in the picture and is more of a true red rather than a burgundy as shown. I will definatley have to hem it because it's pretty long but for the price you can't go wrong. The skirt also isn't as full as shown and lays kind of flat. However, the lace is super soft and feels really sturdy and it fits perfectly.


I had an emergency and just a month before my wedding I didn't not have my bridesmaids dresses. I am not the kind of person to leave thing for last minute. Amazon prime and this dress saved me!! I was so worried I was freaking out. Decided to order it and Omg the dress went above my expectations. It is gorgeous!! It definitely does not look or feel like a 30 dollar dress.. The fabric is gold quality. My bridesmaids loved it, specially it being so affordable.. People could not believe the price. The navy blue looks different depending on the lighting.. Here are some pictures. These are not even professional pictures and it looks so good. To give it the per look they used a rose gold sash we also bought here on Amazon!


Ok, let me start this by reminding you this dress is $30! It's such an amazing buy! I'm about 5'6 and wear about a 14/16 in pants. I ordered a 2X and it fits perfectly. The lace part is stretchy and not ichy at all. It was a little long on me for flats but I'll just wear a pair of heels. The material is very soft and the dress is well made as a whole. The only problem I had with it is that the zipper gets stuck where the lace meets the skirt. If you can get it on without having to zip it past the lace, do that and you won't have a problem. Or just have someone zip it for you. The photo next to the bed is the most accurate for the color.


