So I ordered this dress for a formal Christmas party this year. Judging by ratings and extremely helpful information from all the amazing ladies on here I went by my bust and rib cage measurement. I have a larger bottom half with a little tummy that I can't seem to get rid of so listening to everyone saying the top measurement is what mattered is correct. Dress is absolutely gorgeous and definitely a steal for 30$. Light flowy and simply perfect for what I need it for. Can dress it up with fancy jewelry and shoes or even probably dress it down a little too. Thank you for my awesome dress!!!


I really love this dress. Actually this dress was a backup for a party, but I'm gonna use it because I liked better than the first one. The lace top is very soft and beautiful.


It's ok. Not as pretty as I was expecting, it's pretty plain. Also, it will look different if you're large chested, larger C cups and up. It won't be tight down to your waist, it'll only be form-fitting to just underneath your breasts. Also, depending on how wide your shoulder width is, it won't look like the cup sleeves in the photo, it'll look more like a tank top, which I don't like. And it's very long.


Wore this dress for formal family pictures and I'm obsessed with it. The other family members wore very expensive prom dresses but this was a total steal, and looked lovely! Beautiful green color.


Ack!  It's so pretty.  Can't wait to wear at my daughter's wedding.  I will probably trip at least once.  That's why I am wearing flats.  Been there, done that...and I bought the t-shirt.  Lol.  Seriously though, I am 5'6" and the XL hides my flats.  About 1 1/2 inches or so.  If you are taller or wear heels then you should be fine.  I am debating whether to wear a belt to bring it up a smidge.  We'll see.  The color is pretty.  When I put it and showed my other half he said he felt like he should be asking me to prom. Lol.  Super comfy. Would love to get it in the emerald green color too, but, there are only so many wedding's you go to, ya know!  Just sayin' .  :)


This dress was exactly as I'd hope it would be! My sister-in-laws wedding is next month and my husband along with 2 of my children are in the wedding party. I wanted a dress that looked somewhat more formal than the rest of the guests as I will still be in family pictures and want to coordinate with the rest of the wedding party. I ordered this dress along with several others to decide between. This is the only one so far that has fit perfectly and is not only beautiful but looks much more expensive than what it is! I ordered a large (I'm 5'4 1/2", 175lbs., 36C, with some junk in the trunk) but I'm going to order a medium to try because it's a little loose. It still looks great but I think I can go down a size to make the bottom part of the dress more fitted. The top is extremely soft and very stretchy. I can actually take it on and off without unzipping! A backless bra is needed or if you're able to you could even go braless because the waistline is so high in the front. I am only giving 4 stars because the dress did come with a small tear in the chiffon skirt part. Not a big deal as I can return free through Prime, I ordered well in advance of my event and I plan to order a medium anyway.


**Update--I lost about 5+ pounds since ordering the medium. Decided to order a small and keep the size that fit better. The small was perfect! I know a lot of reviews said to order a size up but at 5'3" 143 pounds I'm surprised the small was a better fit than the medium, particularly around the waist area.


I ordered this dress in green in the usual size I wear which is medium. I was a little nervous about which size to order (debated between M and L) because of reviews saying to go up a size. I'm 148lbs, 5'3", and wear a size 36D bra and the medium almost fit me perfectly--I actually feel the waist is a little too big. I will be wearing the dress to a wedding in NY in September and the color is perfect, like an emerald green. It's also super comfy. Would definitely recommend, especially based on the price. 1 star off because some of the threading in the waist area was coming loose.


Well, you get what you pay for in this case. Dress came, looked good, but then I put it on. Sizing is true, so that's good, but my dress did not sit flush on my backside. The fabric was bunched and stuck out significantly right above my butt. Did everything I could to figure out what was wrong, then bit it and made a appointment with a seamstress. No lie, she spent 15 minutes trying to quick-fix the issue for me to no avail, finally realizing the slip of the dress was shorter than the rest of the dress and sewn haphazardly into the dress. So, now I get to spend god knows how much more money for the seamstress to completely remove the slip from the dress, then re-sew the rest of the dress together, while I'm left then wearing the slip independently from the dress on my friends wedding day. It's a bummer, but I've gotten what I paid for. Hard lesson learned.


The dress itself is pretty. But it  had a very bad odor to it that smelled a bit like dead fish. I did not like the way it rested on my sholders and it was not as long as i hoped.


I bought this dress in Navy Blue for my wife to wear as a bridesmaid in her sister's wedding. Since the XL was out of stock, I chose the 2XL mainly because of other reviews. My wife wears a size 14 and this fit her perfectly (because the stomach area was loose) except for the the length. It was slightly long even with her 3-1/2 inch heels on. The dress came folded in a plastic baggie. It had a slight odor to it. I immediately took it out and hung it on a hanger. I used a steamer to get the wrinkles out. After about a week or so the odor went away. The top part is a stretchy lace and carries through to the back. The lace is see-through in the back and on the shoulders so my wife wore a nude colored strapless bra. The bra was visible in the back, but only if you got really close. The bottom skirt is stretchy with a chiffon overlay - this makes for extreme static. There are methods to get the static out, but she decided to just keep fluffing her dress as the day went on. The fit was amazing on her. It showed off her curves while maintaining an elegance. She received many compliments on this dress. We highly recommend this dress!


