It is a very pretty dress.  Decent quality.  Runs small.  Order a size up.  I wear a size 14 dress and ordered a large.  It is too tight around the arms and bust.  I am a C cup, 5"2" tall and weigh 160. I had to return and now Im ordering an XL.  Sizing chart is off.  If you order a size up, you shouldnt have a problem.


It's Perfect! It fits great! I am 5 foot 3 and 165 pounds it's fits like a glove. The length is a tad long but hey that's what heals are for!


Good quality, Fast service


I got this in the green! I ordered up a size to be safe, and it fits beautifully. As others have mentioned, the bodice is not as long as in the pictures--its definitely more of an empire waist dress, but it's gorgeous! If I didn't buy it myself I wouldn't believe how cheap it was!


I bought this to wear to a wedding in Mexico and you cannot beat the price!  I love this dress!


I was nervous how this would look on me, if it would fall apart. I also worried the lace part was going to be super itchy. Surprise! It looks great on me, though it's an empire waist as others have said in the reviews. It's really well made, and it's not itchy at all. I love this dress! I couldn't believe this was $30, but it should be worth so much more. It ships super fast too!


Beautiful dress...


I'm 5'2", 165 pounds and got this dress size M for a wedding. The dress is very comfortable, pretty, and love the way it fit. The lace and fabric are very comfortable. The dress was a little long and needed it to be tailored. I highly recommend this dress. It was what I expected.


This dress is amazing! I absolutely adore how it fitd & feels. I'm a much larger woman so most dresses don't really flatter my shape but this one was just PERFECT! My only complaint is that it is very long but that is easily fixable with a little hem tape.


I read a lot of reviews to make sure I picked the right size -- A lot of people said to size down to hold you in more so you don't have to wear a bra with this back, but I just went with my normal size instead and it fits like a sleeve. I will probably need to wear a low back bra with this, but I am happy with the size I picked -- I wanted to feel comfortable!


I love the material, the lace is soft so there is no itchiness!


looked gorgeous on my sister. It's a little more see through then I thought in the front but still really pretty.


