dress is beautiful, gorgeous green color. It is very long though. I won't be able to find heels high enough to prevent it from dragging. Keeping it though. Can't beat the price. very happy with the fit.


Beautiful dress. I'm 5'4, 155 lbs, size 10. I bought the navy blue in size Med for a wedding. It fit well overall.  It was little long but with heels it was fine.  I got lots of complements.


The fit in this is exactly as the size Cathcart shows. Beautiful color, (i got the green). This dress is gorgeous! You won't be disappointed. Very forgiving.  The only thing for me personally is that it looks more night gowney than I would like. I'm assuming it's because the empire waist. I think I'm going to keep it tho for a wedding in October.


Perfect length for my 5'1" daughter. Come about an inch from the floor. More beautiful in person than in the picture and very well made. She wore it in a performance while she danced on stage and she received tons of compliments on it!


I ordered the 3X for my 40DD bust and apple-shaped (more like a cantaloupe!) body.  The quality and fit are amazing for the price.  The material has some give but springs back into place, making it form-fitting and comfortable. The fabric is soft and very pretty.


Guys this dress is AMAZING. I can't believe I bought it off Amazon! It's so classic and fits perfect. Honestly true to size. It's so pretty! I'll take pictures and upload them Saturday! BUY THIS DRESS. I could definitely see this in a department store for $100. Gorgeous dress


I am 5'5" and wear a women's 1x-2x (18/20). This dress fits perfectly. The lace has a little give to it so I can zip it up no problem (I'm also an F/G cup). It's a tad long on me but with heels should be the perfect floor length. The material and stitching seem to be of good quality. I plan on wearing this to a wedding this Fall.


Very nice dress, was surprised by quality. Not often I find a dress long enough for me as I am typically too tall. Great fit, very nice!


A beautiful dress but you need a sticky bra.


Well made dress. Great fit. Fast delivery. Beautiful red color. I recommend this dress, and seller.


