Very pretty dress. Especially for the price! Unfortunately, I had to return the dress. It was actually a little too fancy as a guest at a wedding! It looked more like a bridesmaids dress... Which is completely fine, but not as a guest. It's also not super flattering for women with bigger hips. It just kind of hugs your hips and makes them appear even larger. Eek. But, maybe that was just me. If I wore shapewear underneath it'd erase that problem I'm sure.


I ordered it for a bridesmaid's dress and it is perfect! I am 5'6" and 140ish lbs. and I ordered a small. It fits perfectly and is very comfortable.


I was very surprised by the quality, considering the price. Very comfortable and flattering fit. I absolutely loved this dress. I am about 180lbs, 5'7" and generally wear a size 12. The large was a perfect fit.


this dress is VERY BEAUTIFUL! It fit perfectly, i wear an 18/20 with big boobs, lol. It is, perfect, flattering, comfortable. has a slight stretch to it so it makes a nice form fitting look. i highly recommend!!


I loved, loved this dress. It was so comfortable! The lace was just as soft and lovely as other reviewers stated. Unfortunately, I did end up returning this dress because there was just no way for me to comfortably wear any sort of bra with this dress, and I'm sorry, but my girls need a little support. The lace in the back is low enough that even my attempt at a strapless bra with the low back/around the waist extender do-hicky didn't work. So I would definitely recommend this dress if you don't worry about support. Everything else about this dress was wonderful. (Also, I got the Navy, and the color was beautiful and just what I expected. Some people who got a photo of me in the dress when I was trying it out said it looked slightly grey in some lights, but I only ever saw navy.)


This dress is lovely. The lace is lovely, lightly stretchy,  and the chiffon  hangs beautifully - very becoming! The front was not as low as I thought it might be - very glad.  The back is see through lace, and I didn't realize that, so I will be creating a red piece of satin to cover part of it the inside back. I am 5'4" and usually a 10-12, but I ordered a XXL because I wanted it to hang freely and not cling to my fat places!  It is perfect!!  I am wearing it to a summer outside wedding for my son.


First off the quality was good for the price. Really good actually. The dress was super comfy! I almost felt like it was PJs.


Fit wise: I'm 5'3 1/2, 125 pounds with a "soft middle and thighs", and wear a 32/34 A/B (im in the middle)


I tried both the medium and small and both were too big. It was long but with high high heels it'd just sweep the floor. The bodice wasn't snug and the neckline was higher than I thought making it look more casual. I think the waist could be a little more fitted. Overall, comfort and quality I'd give it a 5! Fit, maybe a 4. An Xsmall would've fit perfect I think. I returned it. I also think the black didn't look as dressy.


This dress is beautiful and looks way fancier than what you pay for- wore it to a dressy work gala.


This dress does run big. I am 5’2, 155lbs, 34DD chest, and broad shouldered; I carry most of my weight up top. I normally wear a size L, sometimes even wear an XL in tops and I ordered a medium based on other reviews and it fit PERFECTLY. The dress is flowy enough to cover anything you don’t want showing but it is VERY long. I wore it with 3 inch heels and it still dragged a lot. The dress came in super quick even without prime, no weird smell, and zipper worked great! I ordered the navy blue and it was true to color. Also wore it with “sticky boobies” since the whole back is lace and does not allow for a regular or even a nude bra (you would definitely see it) You can however wear it braless if you’d like, it is NOT see through in the front at all! Hope this helps!


Wore this on a cruise for formal night. Got a couple of compliments! Love the dress!


Wore this as a bridesmaid at a wedding in July. Perfect. Definitely doesn't look like it was $30 and I got compliments all day and night. I just work a navy lace bralette and no one commented that they could see my bra straps.


