Beautiful! Wore it to a wedding and fgot numerous compliments. Following a reviewers advice, I got one size bigger than I usually wear. That worked fine, but as a result it is quite long; I needed to hold the skirt up to walk with ease.


I'm a loose 14 and this XXL fit me perfect except for hemming of course. I'm 5'1. The only thing I don't like is the neckline is too high, it's not like like the picture of the model. I'm getting it altered tonight and my seamstress is going to make it a more plunge neckline and hem it. This will be for my daughters wedding, I'll post a pic closer to the wedding in aug.


it's extremely well made for a 30.00 dress and the lace is soft and has some stretch. It's pretty and flowy without looking like a mushroom LOL


This dress was purchased for my daughter who has a full body shape. This dress made her feel and look beautiful. The dress flows well and does not cling. The bodice is lined lace. The back down to the waist is unlined lace with a round neck line which doesn't show in the pictures. Either a nude or green bra is needed as it will show through. Great dress for the price


About 3 sizes off....


I just purchased this dress a few days ago, I received it within 2-3 days from ordering. It's a beautiful dress, super light weight and long. I'm 5'6 and 280 so I first wanted a 2x or xx large but thought it would be better to go to the 3x which I'm pleased I did. Material has plenty of stretch. I'm using the dress for my wedding and was very apprehensive ordering a dress online since in plus size but I love it. I wish I had a better pic but this was taken out of package and I just tried it on. I highly recommend this beautiful dress for the price!❤️


I originally ordered a medium, and it was slightly too big for me (I am generally a standard medium across all clothing lines).


So, I simply returned it for a small and it fits nicely. The material is stretchy so there is less concern if you order a size down than you would normally.


As for the dress itself, I had to order it as a bridesmaids dress for an upcoming wedding and I was very impressed. I've been in a few weddings where the dresses I have to order are about the same quality is this one, but $80-$100 more! I was very impressed that I received a quality bridesmaids dress for this price! It is also very comfortable!


Very pleased with this order!


I would hope that many brides in the future consider this dress to ease the wallets of their bridesmaids!


I was really hesitant to purchase this dress because it's only $30. But, I read all the reviews and figured what the heck, of its awful it's only $30! I got it today and I am in LOVE with this dress. I'm a bigger girl, I wear an XL in real life and I ordered an XL, it fits perfect. The only comment, and it's not even really a negative in my opinion, but the top on the front is a tad see through if you hold it up, but since I'll be wearing shalewear under it, I don't care about that. It's also perfect length for me (I'm 5'2") so it might be a little short if you're a taller gal. But I seriously love it! For $30 you can't go wrong!!


Sort of pretty, but very cheap looking and came with a rip in the lace. Order a size down if you insist on getting this dress because it's one size to big....and cheap....did I mention it looks cheap? So disappointed...I had such high hopes for this being prettier and of better quality based on the other reviews.


This dress is very beautiful and well made. I did not expect that kind of quality from such an affordable gown. The empire waist had a little elasticity, which was forgiving enough to wear during a three course meal. The length was just to the floor with a low heel (I'm 5ft 7). I have a small bust but the top had a flattering vneck with a lot of elasticity, so it will accommodate a larger bust as well. I'm so surprised at how much i liked it! It did arrive a day later than estimated but Amazon refunded my shipping charges. It was also difficult to steam out all if the wrinkles.


I love this dress! I got the XXL and I'm 5'8" approx. 185 lbs. and it fits perfectly. I usually order a L or XL so it does run small. I love that it's long enough for me, because sometimes I have difficulty finding the right fit. The liner in the top part is a little thin, but overall it's a beautiful dress. I'm wearing it as a bridesmaid's dress for my friend's wedding.


