Size up at least one or two sizes


The dress is beautiful and looks great on. I am 21 weeks pregnant and needed a gala dress. This fits great, plus I'll be able to use it after the baby is born as well. However, what is everyone doing for a bra? I can't wear this dress without a bra!


Loved the dress, seems to be good quality and the price is great. My daughter needed a bridesmaid dress and couldn't find anything that matched the bride's guidelines. Amazon to the rescue, great color, sized right and the price is the best part! I have a very happy daughter!


Beautiful dress just way way way too small.


I ordered the dress for a friend's wedding. I'm 5'3" and 105lbs, so I ordered a small. It fit perfectly except for being a few inches too long. However, with some expert hemming, it was good to go. The material looks and feels great. I got a lot of compliments at the reception. Thank you!


It's a beautiful dress, and looks well made.  I didn't care for the way it fit my arms (not because of the dress, but because of the shape of my arms).  Very true to size for this curvy girl.  I'd buy from them again!


the top fit very well but it was very long granted I'm only 5'1" but till I tripped a lot!


all and all worth the money


Im totally supprised at the quality of this dress. For the price, i was existing a cheaply made dress, not minding bc I'm probably only going to wear it once. But, its so well made and looks like it's mane brand quality. The material its soft, comfortable and flattering. Thank you so much!


I returned this item because of the ruching at the breastbone which made the stomach area pucker and for me to appear 5-6 months pregnant. Probably a good dress for someone with a very flat stomach or who is actually pregnant as there was lots of extra room.


The zipper was extremely difficult to zip in the area where the waist was sewn. When the dress was on, it looked great from the front. The back puckered at the base of the zipper.


