Ask me anything. Third dress from this brand. Well made true to size always. I buy for granddaughter who can’t try on dresses and every dress I’ve bought fit like a glive true to size. I am very fussy and live this brand for Marine balls and dressy venues


I ordered these for the bridesmaids in my wedding, and I am HIGHLY impressed by the quality, given the price! This dress is soft, and fits well. It seems to be well made too. It does seem a little long, but that's easily fixed with a trip to the seamstress. Overall, I am very, very happy!!


I homestly expected cheap dress for the price. It was so nice. I sish i had purchased this brand for my wedding. It would have saved alot for my bridesmaids. I wore this as a bridesmaid to a wedding and it was elegant and simple. Nice chiffon outer later. Loved it.


I'm 5'1, 110 lbs, 32DD and ordered a small, which I found to be quite large. I had the dress taken up almost 2" and wore 3" heels. I also had to have the waist taken in a couple of inches and the bust taken in about a half inch. It looked like a nightgown before the alterations. After the alterations, the dress was perfect! Extremely comfortable and universally flattering. I received a ton of compliments at a wedding I attended as a guest.


I like the style, but it was a little long. I hemmed it up an inch or two for to stop myself from stepping on it, and it looks and works great, but runs just a touch larger than I expected.


Seriously a beautiful dress.


The cut and style of this dress was so lovely, but was disappointed that the bodice was very see-through in the front.  I liked the dress so much I considered keeping it anyway and attempting to line the front a bit more (I sew a little), but realized that would be pretty difficult to do that given the thin quality of the fabric.  Perhaps some ladies might not mind the possibility of someone seeing your undergarments, but I'm more on the modest side.  So, I will be returning the dress... Bummer!


Definitely on the larger size. I bought this for a wedding. Fortunately, my sister is also in the wedding party and it fit her perfectly. I sized down to a small and it fits better (but still is a little on the larger size for personal preference). For reference, I'm a 35" bust, 27" waist, 5'9". The small arrived with a piece of the hem protruding from where the lace meets the chiffon in the front. I cut it off, but more thread came with it. I'm not hopeful it will last long, but for the price, I can wear it for one wedding.


This dress was everything I was hoping for. Not fitted so I didn't have to worry about not being able to breath. The only surprise I had was the back. The lace in the back goes a little further down than expected so the band of my bra was visible.  But with a black bra it wasn't bad.


Actually flattering. Fits great, actually feels comfy. Compensates for a crappy bra. I'm 5'2" with a larger bust and the medium fit perfectly. I'm honestly kinda shocked. (obviously it was long ,but that's fixable)


