I got this for my daughter to wear to a wedding, and she loved it. We needed to hem it a bit, and that was tough due to the construction, but the dress was exactly as described.


I ordered a 3x even though I normally wear a 1x because I read to order bigger. Perfect fit! Love it!!


I needed a dress for an office holiday party- I am 170, 5'10 and wear a 38D cup... I was nervous about buying online but the XL was perfect! Hides the areas that need a little work and accents the good stuff. Very comfortable material, worth every cent!


not the best quality - more like a negligee not an evening gown


I really like this dress! I am 5'9", 140 pounds, with an hourglass figure. I wish the waistband and top portion were a bit tighter, like it is in the picture, but since it is a tad loose, there is more of a dropdown look. I still love the dress, so I will get it tailored. The fabric is soft and strong - good material.


It said the way that I would expect it to fit from the reviews however I would say it does un on the smaller side


It's very pretty, but too big around the waist. I wanted a dress like in the photo, but they've clearly clipped the back to make it look more flattering.


It's a great dress for someone who has a bigger chest than I do, maybe. But on me it just hung. It would need to be belted to give the waist definition. I plan to return it


This dress is so easy to dress up or down. The simple style lends itself to add accessories or it looks beautiful as it is. I only needed to steam iron out of the package. My only regret is that i didn’t buy more colors!!


Amazing dress for the price! So pretty! I wear a 14 generally and bought an XL I love this dress!


For the price, this is a wonderful dress! I do think it was a little big. After gaining weight, I fit best into medium zippered dresses but I wasn't planning on wearing a bra with this one so I thought I could squeeze and get a small. The small is fairly roomy and I know I haven't lost much weight so I think they run larger. It seems to be of good quality though and I can't wait to wear it this weekend!


