beautiful dress, daughters bridesmaids are wearing this Dress.  its perfect.  so happy.


The dress was very nice and for the price, it was great.  It fit very well and hid all the unwanted areas :) The top was a bit stretchy and the front had a liner but the back didn't.  It wasn't a big deal, but just had to make sure the bra was skin tone and it really didn't show.  The length was just perfect for me as I am 5'6 and I wore 4" heels.  It may be long if you are shorter or planning on wearing shorter heals with it.


I bought this originally in a large and it was a little big and long. I sized down and it was perfect!  The incorrect sizing is on me though as I'd recently lost weight and wasn't sure exactly what size to buy!  I returned for a smaller size and the process was flawless.  Thanks!


Very good quality! I'm wearing it as a court of honor for my friend's sweet 16 and it's very nice for $30! I would like to say though, I'm only 4'11 and pretty petite. If you are under 5'3 you'd most likely be having to get your dressed trimmed like I have to . Otherwise, wonderful dress! Worth the payment! Not to mention that the shipping came in 3 days earlier than the estimated arrival! No complaints :)


What a great dress! This dress is so beautiful and flattering. It's also so comfortable. I wore mine to a wedding and it was perfect, I got compliments all evening.


I wore this to a ball and it was comfortable but still looked nice. Got lots of compliments. I’m 5’4” 120# and the 4-6 size fit great.


A little big but still gorgeous. I should have gotten a medium but I ordered big because you never know.


Beautiful dress though. The color is perfect.


I ordered this dress in 2XL i am normally a size 18. I got it zipped, but it was too tight for comfort and didn't look right. I returned it and got the next size, it fit perfectly, its quite stretchy. I picked the dark green and it is the exact color I chose from the picture.


Beautiful dress, great quality, especially for the price.  Received many compliments during the night of the event.


After reading reviews I ordered a size up ( I normally wear a 8-10 in dresses) I am 5'5" the length is just right for flats or low heels . The fit is like shown on the model just a bit loose on me . I bought this dress for a cruise and will dress it up wth a rhinestone belts! The zipper sticks on the first few zips . For the price the quality surprised me . The top is sheer , I will wear a cami under it . Im happy with this purchase !


