The dress is super cute, soft, and just as pictured. If anything, it's a little long. I'm 5'4 and even with 3'' heels, it would brush the ground; still, I would recommend it to anyone looking for a cheap formal dress


This dress is everything I wanted and more! I ended up getting a bridal sash with it to make it pop and it is absolutely gorgeous. Couldn''t be happier!


My daughter loves it. Shipping was fast.


The dress is as it looks in the picture just a tad more red other then that it's perfect for me. I got it in medium since I'm smaller up top with 36c bra 'n kind of thicker on bottom so with that I wear 10-11 in pants depends on brand with weight 130-140. Wore it to my boyfriend's sister's wedding. Will maybe buy another in a different color soon. :)


I was very impressed with this dress for the cost.  Bought last minute for a military ball.  I am 5 foot 8 and went with a medium.  Was a little long with 2 inch heels but otherwise fit great.  It was 5 weeks after having a baby so flowed nicely and I could zip/ unzip by myself.


This dress is simple but so elegant at the same time! I've only just received it today and tried it on (with and without a corset under) and the only thing I'm concerned about is the delicate zipper at the back. I think this will make a lovely masquerade gown for me :)


This dress fit better than expected. The fabric is a heavier material then I expected and draped well.  It is comfortable.  The top has some stretch so is form fitting around the bust line.  I am 5ft 8 inches about 160lbs and a large size fit just right.  I went with a large after reading other reviews. The style is very forgiving if you want to hide a little bit of tummy.


the dress material is thin, not high quality.  If you are looking for something elegant to wear to a party it doesn't quite make it.


I will be looking for something else that looks classy and appropriate to wear.  Disappointed in the quality.


returned


very satisfied


