Like others have said, I was surprised with my purchase.  My dress fitted as expected, I bought a large for the length but a medium would have been good.  I am 5'9 and usually wear a medium, but if you're like me who won't be wearing heels a large will give you the perfect length. I will purchase from this seller again.  The other reviews helped me alot


Was a little big on the top. I have pretty large boobs (36G) and this was too loose to hold them up. Had a tailor take the shoulders in a bit and fit wonderfully. Had a ton of compliments on it! It did come all bunched up in the package so was very wrinkled. Not sure if it was my steamer, but it would not work on it. Had to lay it out on the floor and use an iron on a very very low setting to prevent burning the material.


This dress was beautiful I had to reorder a new color and size. If looked great for the wedding I was going to and my big pregnant belly fit under it. It sinches at the chest and goes nicely above the bump


I loved the color and the fit thru the waist.  But the bust was way too small.  If you have a small cup size, but if a C or larger forget it.  Had to send it back.


Super long!  It can be easily tailored though, if you have the money...which I don't because I'm your typical broke student.  Either than that, it fit perfect!  I am a size 16 in dresses usually (one's that zipper in the back).  I am five foot four inches tall...so short, which is why it was really long for me!


Completely different style and color than shown. It seems as though others have had the same problem. If you need it ahead of time I recommend ordering early to make sure it works for you.


I love how this dress turned out.  I purchased it in a 3x (5'7 and 270) and it was very flattering.  I will say the belt did the trick.  The belt was not purchase from amazon


Perfect dress for a special occasion I have this weekend. Very comfortable yet flattering. I've got big hips and a butt with a mom tummy and this hides it all nicely. Very good quality. Lace is soft. I'm 5'7" and it drags on the floor just a bit but nothing that just holding the dress up a bit while I walk won't fix. Love this dress!!


I think this would fit as expected , but I ordered too large, so I am going to return it for a medium.  I am 5'4" about 150 lbs and 36D for reference for anyone else trying to figure out sizing.  :)  Super cute though, loved the material, the length and overall very beautiful!!


Why is this so cheap? It looks so good! I'm glad others recommended to get the size based on bust. I would have been a medium but I took a risk and got a small and I'm glad I did. It's a good length on me (5'4, will need low heels) and fits great!


