Ordered this as a bridesmaid dress. They look great! I have four bridesmaids with 4 different body styles and it looks perfect on all of them. I love them. I ordered based off other reviewers and ordered based on bust size. And I have no alterations to Do! They fit great!!! And my bridesmaids love them. Shipped really fast!


I'm a size 14 and I ordered the xl. I technically could fit in the size L but I wanted to make sure the length would be right for my height. The length is great, it reaches to the ground. I'm 5 ft 8 and I can wear 1 inch to 3 1/2 inch heels with the gown and it looks nice. I really like the red color of the dress, its a bold red not a tacky cartoon red or too dark like burgandy. I also like how versatile the gown is: dress it up wearing lipstick and diamond earrings or dress it down with a jean jacket.


This dress is so pretty! I wore it to my husband's holiday party and felt very elegant and received many compliments. I'm 5'8" and ordered green in medium. The shade of green is a nice, rich forest green. I decided to wear heels because, as others have mentioned, it is a bit long and came right to the floor. I tried wearing flats, but the bottom was brushing the floor and I was concerned about getting it dirty, or possibly even tripping. The lace top is nicely fitted, but you can see through the back so bra straps showing can be an issue. Even with the length being too long I still think the dress was worth every penny and 5 stars!


This is for my friend's summer wedding this year. Speedy shipping and no issues with it being dropped off in my apt office. The only issue I have with the size is that the seam where the top meets the skirt is fairly snug on me, I actually had to get a shapewear product to help with that. Otherwise the dress above and below said seam fit fine. I suggest maybe making one size bigger or somehow putting a thin elastic at the seam area to make it more comfortable. Cheapest price I've paid for a bridesmaid dress ever and that's including the shipping! (I was one for another friend last year and paid closer to $70 before shipping and the company the vendor used was not a pleasant experience)


This dress is spectacular, sexy, and SUPER comfortable. Super flattering and not jumbo-lengthed for the larger sizes, which makes me happy because so many larges and XLs are a million inches too long. I can't believe it's about $30. Ordered it in black and am ordered all of the other colors now.


I needed to get something for prom, so I found this and fell in love with it! I got the navy blue in a medium. I am 5'6, 120ish pounds and wear a 34-36B. With my 4 1/2 inch heels it barely grazes the floor. The mid section could be a bit tighter, but that's an easy fix. I'm in love and so excited to wear it!


The dress was way too long for me (5'3'') even after wearing 4'' high-heals. Although the dress in the photos looks great, the actual dress looked somewhat very cheap. The race part was completely see through and you need to prepare something like camisoles or tanks by yourself if you don't want to show your bra. I'm returning this dress.


I took a chance buying this dress to wear to a wedding! I was nervous about the quality and the fit. I'm 5'5 @ 160lbs and I ordered XL and it fits perfectly! The dress is comfortable and great quality! I had to wear a little bit of heels to get it off the floor and didn't wear a bra. It was super comfortable and it looked elegant and can't beat the price! I highly recommend it!


When I first pulled it out of the packaging I freak out. I was in my bathroom which has really bright lighting so it looked like the dress would be see-through in the front. Well once I tried it on, it is not.


It is exactly what I was expecting. I love how it fits me. It is a little long though but I have some tall heels that will keep me from tripping all over the place.


I am about 5'4' and 158 lbs. I ordered a large. I feel like it fit me great (not too tight, not too loose)


It really does look nice. I plan on wearing a fancy choker necklace to dress it up a bit.


I could not believe the price! I feel like you will get your money's worth and more by buying this dress. I went to a few stores and tried on dresses. They were nice but they were over $60!!


This dress was priced to well not to try it. It fits beautifully and oh so comfortable. Great for an evening wedding, on a cruise or prom. Just a lovely dress that I wish I had bought more in different colors or at least from the same company. Who knows, maybe I will.


