Beautiful! For as expected and will be ordering again. This dress is super inexpensive and adorable. I wore it on a date night out and I thinking about ordering for my bridesmaid dresses too! Worth every penny!


It is as advertise and is stretchy in the top. I loved the fit. I have not worn it yet got it for a ball in December but it would be great for may formal occasions I am going to pair it with a sheer balaro jacket.


Great quality for the price!! God tons of compliments!!im 5'5 and it's a tad long for the flats I wore with it but still perfect great purchase


~ I purchased this dress for my daughter who had a special event at her school...the dress was perfect for the occasion - super comfy - and she received loads of compliments! She is consistently a misses size 16 so we orders a XXL and fit was spot on - super long so had to have it hemmed but at 5'2" we have to hem everything! Hahahaha


I received a completely different dress. It was horrible and very large. I ordered a small and it didn't even have a size on it.


This is a very nice dress and the price is so reasonable. I'm about 205 lbs and 5'8, I normally wear a size 14, so I ordered an XXL. It fit great and was comfy. Back is only lace so you'll need to consider this for bra purposes. I returned mine because we did not end up going to the event I purchased it for. I might rebuy in the future in a more fun color than the black I had originally needed. Have fun ladies!


This dress is beautiful and fit well. I'm size 14, 5'7" and the XXL was perfect. I wore this to a NYE wedding and got so many compliments on it. Plus, you can't beat the price!!


This is a lovely dress. The fit is good, though a bit long for me. It will work well with a pair of heels though.


The dress arrived on time. I'd definitely buy it again!!


Waist much higher than it looks in the picture - think empire waist -- and the  skirt was long (and I'm pretty tall!) but the material is nice and it looks good.


Great dress, especially for the price!! Perfect for bridesmaid dresses and not breaking the bank. True to size. May need a little hemming and alterations for petite women.


