Overall not bad, just not what I wanted once I had it in hand. For the price it's great. I have seen pictures of this dress on someone else and the pictures looked amazing so that's why I ordered it in the first place. Sadly it won't meet my needs so I returned it.


With this, you get exactly what you see. The fit is almost perfect, but as I have larger shoulders the sleeve portion sits just a bit off for me. The color represented was spot on with what I received. The material does not appear cheap, as can often happen with lower price points. I was very pleased with this order, and will likely order similar dresses again in the future.


This dress was not exactly what I expected. I say that because of how wonderfully the dress feels. It is not stiff, or too tight, It is the perfect amount of flexible and fitting. The fabric seems good quality. The dress is not heavy, but doesn't feel cheap either. I ordered a Large Because of my recent influx in weight gain. I am 5'2, 160, and 34D bra. The dress is a little long, but I expected that because everything on me is long because I am just barley over 5 feet tall. Shipping was very fast. I ordered it on Sunday, and it arrived on Tuesday. I am using this dress for a Charity event, and a school formal. This is the perfect dress for any special occasion! I got it in black, but seriously considered getting it in navy blue (husband thought the black looked sexier lol). All in all I am very pleased with this purchase, and I would recommend this to a friend.


This dress is beautiful. very flattering, but I have to return it although I would love to wear it. We could not get the zipper past the spot where the bodice meets the skirt without fearing we would break the zipper, even though the dress was not tight. It has a tiny zipper end. I am sorry because the dress is really nice..also I am 5'3" and it was at least 3 " or more too long.


I purchased this dress as my Bride's maid dress for a friend's wedding because it cam in dark green. The quality of the lace on top looks VERY cheap in person but the bottom is nice and flowed well. If you have any semblance of a chest (I am a 38D) then forget about this dress. It made the waistline come up to an awkward half empire which is not flattering. Also, the cap sleeves are extremely unflattering if you don't have stick figure arms. I liked the unlined back until I realized I couldn't wear a bra with it.


I have not worn this dress yet, and I'm already giving it five stars. Prior to placing this order, I had ordered two dresses from Amazon and returned them because they were plain and didn't work for me. I realized that I needed a dress that had that had lace detailing (cause it won't fall off like sequins lol) When I ordered this dress, I went out so I could try on dresses in a size 14 or 16 to see if those sizes would work for when shopping on line. Like they say, the third time is the charm! This dress fit me perfectly, I love the way it hangs, it doesn't accentuate my belly at all. I'll most likely purchase the same dress in a different color.


The dress is beautiful! The fabric is good quality and the lace is soft. This is more of an empire fit, but I found it 'baggy'. I am 5'3 about 125lb and I found the small to fit well, but I would have liked the empire to be more snug,  but i was impressed the lace had enoigh give that i had enough room ( i am a 32 DDD, so that does not help me), adding a belt makes it 100x better for me. The dress is long on me (typical since I am short) but heels make it about right. Have not worn it to an event yet, all of this is based on trying it on. I hope this helps anyone considering ordering.


I actually had to go down a size after I order this dress according to their sizing. Was too big in the chest and since it flows out in the upper waist I could afford to size down for my chest and it still be loose and flowing from the waist down. I ended up getting the large and I'm 180lbs with a 33" waist and 44" hips and 5'6" I'll have to have it hemmed a few inches up as the shoes I'm wearing are only 1-1 1/2" tall


I ordered this dress for a friend for a bridesmaid dress and the fit and length was perfect! I got the one in red and loved it too!


Beautiful dresses for an amazing price! Bought these as the bridesmaids dresses for my wedding. The dress is very well made and easily altered as far as length. All of the girls think they are very comfortable and fit great.


