This dress was bought for my sisters wedding. Its INCREDIBLY comfortable and really good quality. I am 5'2, 150 pounds, and a 38D and I ordered the L. If I don't wear a bra it seems a little lose. It may be hard to find a bra that cannot be seen through the lace so I may return for a M.


Very pretty dress, seems well made. Perfect for the events I purchased it for.


Bought a size small for my daughter who is normally wears size 4.. Fit her perfectly except length was little long..  Love love the material it was soft ! Good quality..


Although the fabric is heavier, it really looks like a nightgown. I wouldn't wear it out of the house


Love this dress. I bought it to wear as a casual "to/from the gig". I was singing for New Year's Eve and I got so many compliments on it I just kept it on for the first set!


Dress fit perfect and was a hit!


Really love this dress only thing I'd size up for is if you have bigger arms


This dress is wonderful! Great fit, well made, nice material!


I ordered it in blue and green because I was not sure how the colors would look in real life. They do look exactly like on the pictures. The dress is very stretchy and soft, so there is really no need to order a size up. Usually I am between a S and M and I had to reorder a S becauce the M was just a little bit to big. The dress is lined with a very soft jersey fabric that doesn't kling to your body. The back of the top is completely made of lace, so you can't wear a bra without showing it. The top gives some support in the front, but I tried it with a sticky silicone bra and that works great for me :)


I am keeping the dress in green because I like the "princess fiona vibe". The dress is pretty long, but when I wear it with my heels it is perfect. I don't think this dress is very "casual" but cute enough to wear to a wedding or any other formal event. The lace makes it sexy, but it covers enough to not look tacky. It fits snug on top and flows at the bottom. Very flattering.


I love it. What a great deal. I ordered a few dresses but this is the only one that actually looks like the picture. Really can't go wrong with it.


Nice dress. Fits well, but had to take to the tailor to fix the back side. Stitching was messed up in the bad making it look like a point. Needed it separated. Other than that it's great.


It was exactly the size i wanted


