fits great. I was a little worried, so if your stats are like mine the top is not tight, its actually almost a litttle loose( for like pushing up your breasts with no bra) but the flowy bottom is beautiful.


My stats: 150 lbs, 5'6, 37D, waist is a 28.5 and hips are a 39. I actually was scared I would need a large based on the fitting recommendations, but a medium is just wonderful


I read other reviews before purchasing this dress and marveled at the positive feedback!  I was nervous about how it would fit; I never buy clothing without trying on first typically.  But I have to say this dress lives up to the hype, well-fitting per the size chart and the color/quality is accurate to advertising.  I paid for two day shipping and got it on time!  I bought this dress for a formal fundraising event, and bought a rhinestone sash to give it some sparkle!  Very comfortable to wear, I will definitely look for more dresses through this designer in the future.


This is such a flattering dress. I ordered mine in red and it was absolutely beautiful! I got so many compliments on it and it covers your whole back but it is lace at the top so very pretty! the skirt is layered and it lays nicely and is not see though at all. i would recommend this dress 100%! especially for the price! I have worn many dresses that I've bought at department stores before for hundreds of dollars and this holds up to those dresses! If i were to have an amazon account in high school i would of saved so much money!


It was beautiful well made, with a quality material, but the measurements around the bust were too small, the other thing I noticed was the picture shows a longer torso length, which is more flattering, but if you are bigger busted it doesn't fit that way.  I really wanted to keep this one but I don't think a bigger size will help, when you make a size bigger it should be made bigger in all 4 directions, but to many of them just make the clothes wider, which doesn't help if you are just bigger busted.


I'm 5'6, ~140 lbs, and a 34DD (including to give a better idea of the fit).  I initially ordered a medium, but it was far too big.  The top is stretchy, with a high waist, and the skirt is very flowy.  I sent the medium back and ordered a small, and the fit is much better.  It's a lovely dress, and great quality for the price.  However, it is very, very long (I'd get it altered, but it's for a wedding this weekend, so I don't have time).  2.5 inch heels allow for it to just barely graze the ground.  The dress was extremely wrinkled when it arrived, and there is no way to iron the material.  If you don't own a steamer, good luck.


My daughter actually wore this dress to her "Enchanted Forest" themed Prom. It's really gorgeous. She is 5'6 and wears a size 4-6, I ordered a medium but a small would have worked, too.


She's not a girly girl, but she was IN LOVE with it. She said it was light and comfortable.


The back is see-through lace so you'll have to be creative with your boobs if you care about your bra showing. lol


The dress is so beautiful just like the picture. The sizing is true to size. And for the prego mamas out there yes you can wear this dress am 8 months pregnant and it perfect I got it x-large my belly has room to grow. The length is perfect for me am tall so I was worry it was going to be short with my belly rising it in the front but it didn't it was long. The color is dark red in my pictures it's a little red with orange but it's the lighting not the dress. But I was so so disappointed that the top came with a rip. The fabric is good but that rip just kill it.


I ordered the large and it fit great especially considering I was 5 months pregnant when I wore it! Great quality. The only thing I didn't like was the sheet back but I just wore a black tank top underneath and it just looked like it was apart of the dress.


Super comfy--bodice is sort of stretchy--but elegant and cute. I didn't end up keeping it, as it wasn't quite fancy enough for the event I was attending, but I intend to buy this dress maybe in the green (or the red again). Medium fit well on my 140lb/5'4" body. You do need either a nude bra that's preferably strapless (well ideally, no bra, but that ain't easy for some of us).


I am 5'9, 140 lbs and 21 weeks pregnant but barely showing. Im sure its a super cute dress for those of you that are shorter, but for me it was a tad too awkward. I didn't know which shoes I could wear with it (didn't touch the floor without shoes) and since it isn't actually a "maternity" dress it fit a little awkward as well. It also bunches up in the lower back area. It would be super cute if you aren't pregnant and/or are shorter than 5'9-5'10.


