I love this dress! I was in a pinch for a bridesmaid dress and this worked out perfectly! the lace back is absolutely beautiful, the fit is very flattering, and the material is very loose and comfortable. Black is not generally a bridesmaid color but this dress has beautiful accentuations that make it appropriate as a formal dress. The only downside was that it held static a lot and I constantly had to fluff it out so it would stop sticking to itself. But other than that, I will wear it again and I would certainly recommend it - especially for the price!


It's stunning!!! I needed a last minute dress to attend a friends wedding out of town so of course I took to Amazon. I always read the reviews and I saw this dress got a 4.4 out of 5! Awesome!! I looked through the photos people have posted and was very impressed! It fit beautifully on all body types which is rare. I'm a bigger girl and I'm always afraid I'll order something too tight. This dress is AMAZING!!! The lace is super soft on top and the bottom is very flattering and flowy. It feels like your wearing a night dress. Super comfy and VERY flattering. I got the 3X and I usually wear between a size 22-24 dress. The fit is beautiful. Two thumbs WAY up!!


I loved this dress and got a lot of compliments on it. It fit well in the body, the sizing was correct, but the zipper was a little hard to get from the bottom of the dress to the lace. I ended up zipping it just past the lace part before I put it on, and was then able to get it zipped completely. It was also just a little short, I'm 5'10" and it hit me just above the ankle, but I still loved it


I bought this dress for a wedding I was in and but ended up returning it because it didn't give me that "damn" look I was going for. If you're on the more modest side, this dress will be perfect for you as it does not show off any cleavage. It does run long so if you're short (i'm 5'4 170 pounds and ordered the large) you will have to get it taken in. Four stars because the two times I tried it on the zipper kept getting stuck and it took forever to finally get it all the way up!


This dress is absolutely gorgeous. I ordered for my mother to wear as a mother of the groom (my brothers getting married) and I absolutely loved it on her. She loved the fit as well, however the color was not what she was looking for, so we ended up returning it. I wanted her to keep it because it fit her so nicely. My mother is a little heavier set and based on her measurements, we followed the size chart and chose the size and it fit to the T. The fabric is not crazy thick, but it is thick enough to cover everything and the lace on the top is beautiful. I would definitely recommend and may even order this dress for myself if I ever need a long dress! I was unable to get photos, so apologies for that!


I love this dress. I got it in green and I love it. I have to say... if you have a wider back you night need to get it on another size. I got mine M. I lost weight to get this one on because my back has been build up as I do weights and exercise. It is long.... Did I said Long. Ufff the tailored charges 40 dollars to fix it because it has double fabric. But the green one it is super beautiful and worth it. The fabric is super soft. This is a very elegant dress. I am 4"11 and weight 180 pounds. I recommend it.


This is an amazing find for the price!!! I don't think I've ever been so happy with a piece of clothing I've ordered online and not tired on before purchasing. The size was as expected but the fit and feel was so much more. It's comfortable but elegant, long but the right length for heels, and see through but only when it's hung up. I cannot wait to wear it to my event in a few weeks, will be buying other products from this company if this is how all of their items are!


I ordered the 3xl based on the feedback I saw online. It fit perfectly except that I had to get 2.5 inches taken off the dress.  I am 5ft 5 inches and even with a 3 inch heel, the dress pooled on the floor.  Even with that length taken off, it still covered my heels.  Good dress for the price of the dress.  Everyone loved it.


OMG!!!! This dress is AMAZING!!!!! I am plus size....3x is what I bought :(  I have spent hours in David's Bridal trying on dresses and they allllllll disappointed me! Showed EVERY inch of my body, it seemed like! This dress does a WONDERFUL job hiding things! It is so comfortable!!! When pulling out of the package it had a nice weight to the dress, didn't feel cheap!!! The Bride LOVES it on me!!! Oh I could go on and on on how much I love the way I look and feel in this dress!!! I won't feel awful standing up there, that's for sure! :) I will come back and post a picture of myself wearing it on the wedding day! This is the first time I have ever bought a dress online and first time to review anything more but stars. I felt this needed to be shared for us bigger girls that have a hard time finding things! Hope somebody can find this dress and love it just as much for WAY less than David's Bridal dress costs!


Ordered 7 red for my bridesmaids and they LOVE them! They called these dresses, "classy, yet sexy". They are happy so I am very happy and the material is soft and flowy. I was a little nervous because of the low price... but they are perfect!! I wanted something that my bridesmaids could wear again after the wedding (a nice dinner or whatever) and THIS IS THAT DRESS!! Thank you!!


