Beautiful dress, fits great.And you cant beat that price.  Im 5'3 and almost 6 months pregnant. I ordered a small and it fits perfect. It touches the floor but it doesnt drag when i wear heels. "Maternity" dresses were so expensive but this one does the job perfectly. Package arrived fairly quick, 3 days. The zipper didn't stick at all. Will update after i wash it. Good purchase so far.


The quality of the dress is great, it is way too long thought and there is a very very awkward ruffle in the back. They sowed the chiffon layer to the under layer right where it would go down your back but it creates a really weird puffy ruffle affect on my backside that would make me not want to wear the dress...the waist also hits basically under your boobs which is weird I thought it would be a bit lower..


This dress is absolutely gorgeous. The color is stunning, the fit was fantastic. If I sized down, it would have been too tight on the arms and chest (I ordered a small, I am 5'2" and 120 lbs, wear a DD bra). It's going to be about an inch too long with my 4-inch heels, but I will hem it without any issues. The lace is very soft, the lining is soft and comfortable, and the dress is flowy and high-quality, not to mention that the price was unbeatable. It definitely will need some form of backless bra, because the girls are not supported at all by the dress.


Wore this for a wedding as a bridesmaid I loved how flowy it was and it fit just right. The ONLY thing I hated about it is, it has the lace at the top going under your arm pits so by the time the whole thing was over, my armpits were literally rubbed raw. Also it came with a small hole at the zipper between the zipper and dress. But it got fixed no problem. But other than that it was the perfect dress!


I was unsure just what size would work best, and I chose too large - so I will instead keep another dress I selected from Miusol.  The picture looks (to me) like the skirt includes a sheer layer over a solid one, but the actual dress does not.


I got comfort buying online with the knowledge I could return, and I will do so - not that anything was wrong with the dress, it just didn't end up being my favorite.


Beautiful dress. I ordered a few dresses from Amazon and this is the one that I ended up using. I did end up putting a black T-shirt underneath because the shoulders were share and I cannot get away with not wearing a bra. This just looks so expensive but is well-made and so comfortable. It is also very flattering I would recommend  this to a friend and I would also buy it again I ordered the black and I was very happy with it it fit perfectly with two inch heels and I am 5'5" tall.


I bought this dress as a bridesmaid dress. The dress isn't as low cut in the front as the pictures show. The color is true. The top portion is wonderful but the bottom fabric is a bit heavy and the dress is a bit larger (an XS would've fit a lot better) so the dress just hangs off of me. I'm hoping that getting it altered will help. The dress is really long and needs to be hemmed.


Love this! I looked everywhere for a good black dress for a bridesmaid dress (we picked our own out). I finally looked here and found this and took a chance on it. It's perfect! Good quality fabric too. I am 5'8 and this length is perfect for me. Definitely a really great purchase!


This dress fit ok. I was not pleased with the way it looked on me though.  The lace top shown on the web page comes down to just above the hips giving a nice shape to the model.  In actuality the lace stops just below the bra line and looks boxy.  It is also gives a more casual apperance.


I Love this dress.  It fits my buxom breasts and behind without pulling, giving a flattering look.  The lace back is solid enough that I can wear s supportive bra without it being super obvious.  It is dressy enough for work holiday parties or weddings.


