This is a beautiful dress. I bought it for a bridesmaid's dress for a friend's wedding. I am 5'7" and weight 135 lbs. I wear a 32B. I bought the size small. The dress runs a little long- it drapes all the way onto the ground when I am barefoot, and even in heels, it barely clears the ground. I initially read to buy the size based on bust size. The chest is still loose, and I will probably take it it slightly before I wear it in the wedding. I am afraid the XS will be way too small, especially since the small fits nicely in the other dimensions. Pretty dress, pretty price. Buying clothes online is always a challenge to get the size right.


This is a beautiful dress.  Unfortunately it's not for my body shape.  If you are overweight and carry much of your excess weight in your stomach area, this dress makes you look pregnant.  If you are pregnant and need a dress, this will work well for you.  I am normally a size XL and bought the XXL.  The top fit OK and I am not overly busty.  If you are, go up 2 sizes.  Although it didn't fit, it is a beautiful dress and still give it 5 stars even though I need to return it.  Also note, if it doesn't fit, they take it back, no problem.


Beautiful gown! Perfect fit!


I'm just under 5'7" and it kisses the floor when I'm barefoot. I'm a small busted (40B) typical size 18. I'm kinda frumpy and normal. Even without any undergarments, this dress is flattering on me! It doesn't cling or feel itchy at all. I'm a tough fit. I usually feel like a busted can o' biscuits in fancy dresses. I have a larger waist and a smaller bust than most thick women. This dress fits brilliantly and the color is rich and beautiful!


Love love love it. Doesn't look or feel like a $30 dress, looks and feels luxurious! Yes!


Homerun, Buzzfeed, for recommending this dress!


I used this dress as my bridesmaids dresses. They were beautiful. They were however a little long and the zipper got stuck on almost all of the dresses. It is still a good dress considering the price.


I LOVED this dress! Bought it to wear to a wedding and it was perfect - I am 5'9" and 168lbs, 36 DD and i had ordered a large and got sent a medium by accident - and the medium actually fit very well. Just a little tight on my chest area. Very happy with this dress though!


This dress is stunning. I LOVE the back. I am 5'9 143 and I ordered a medium. I normally wear medium or small shirts and dresses. The medium fits great. Looks like this was made for my body. I am obviously tall, and I can wear lower sized heals with this. There was a pair of 3 inch heals I was planning to wear with this, but that made the dress  to short. Any shoes 2 inch and under will work for me... and someone around my height. If you are on the shorter side, this may drag the ground to much on you. Love this dress, totally recommend!


In person, the dress looks as good as it does online. I was able to put it on without unzipping the back, slipping it over my head. I'm a size 16-20 depending on brand and got this for a spring formal wedding. It isn't too tight or too frumpy.


You may need to hem this if you are planning on wearing flats or are short. I am 5'8" and with heels, the hemline would be perfect, but I'll be wearing flats, so this dress is a little long for me (but given most people will wear it with heels, it's probably the perfect length for most people)


The neckline is really high. You can try to adjust it so its more of a scoop neck like in the picture but it won't stay like that because it isn't actually made to sit that way. The length was good though. I'm 5'7 and with 4 inch heels the dress was just barely off the floor. There was a ton of extra material in the lower back area though which was interesting. The rest of the dress fit normal but in the back was a bunch extra.


This is a perfect fit. True to size. I ordered my exact size and it fit like a glove. It is absolutely gorgeous. I loved it on the model in the photo, but it's 10 times better in person. I'm a big girl, so it's hard to find clothes that look good on me. And buying online as an even bigger chore. But I feel like a princess in this dress. I bought this for formal night on a cruise, and I'm just in love with this dress. I ended up also getting some accessories, and using it as part of my costume as a peacock.


Stretchy and comfortable, the color was very pretty. Almost a keeper but my husband didn't care for it, said the lace was a little "old-ladyish". I think it would look better on someone thinner and smaller chested, on me I felt it bordered maternity looking. (side point --would be super cute as actual maternity wear lol). The back is lace, but I have a nude bra on and you can't see it.  Length was perfect in heels.


