The black dress I received did not have a lining on the lace top it was completely see-through I'm not sure how well fix that it's not what I paid for and all the pictures of the dresses they're exactly the same I'm not sure why this was different.


This dress fits beautifully, and does not feel like a cheap knockoff or like it was low cost. I bought the XL as I'm 5'7" 180lbs, size 38 DD. The dress fits perfectly, without being too tight or too loose anywhere. With a chest the size of mine I'm used to dresses clinching just under my chest and it does just that, but it accentuates my curves. I love it! I can't wait to wear it to the party next weekend!


I loved the dress, very simple and a good quality. Previous reviews stated it ran a little small, so I ordered a large. I had to return it because it was way too big!! I am 5'6 and 135 and I should of ordered a small. Beautiful dress tho!


I loved this dress. I'm a US 12-14, 36DD in the bust, and ordered and XL. It fit great in the bust & waist. The quality is nice, just like everyone else says, very soft lace! I am short so I'll have to hem it but I fully anticipated that with such a long dress. Great dress for the price!!


I chose this dress as a bridesmaid dress for my December wedding.  I was apprehensive about buying on-line, but this dress was an EXCELLENT purchase and I am so glad I chose it.  I have 7 bridesmaids of all different body sizes and ALL of them liked the dress. I was especially worried about the girls who are a little bigger, but it was extremely complimentary and looked beautiful on them!  The dress also come true to size, which is so helpful. If you are shorter (5'4" or under), you will probably need to get this dress hemmed because it will be a little long on you.  The girls all feel this is something they can definitely wear again.  Only thing I was concerned with was the open back, but there are literally tons of options for bras for backless dresses (not everyone is comfortable going braless!).  The dress is comfortable, elegant, and reasonably priced. I would recommend to anyone who is not looking to spend hundreds on bridesmaid dresses.


I bought a few dresses on Amazon for my maternity photoshoot this weekend. This is the one I ended up using! I'm 33 weeks pregnant, 5'3", probably 165-170. (I refuse to look at the scale! Haha) I was 6/8 in dresses before pregnancy. It fit beautifully! The hem dragged on the ground with my sandals on, but that's what I wanted for pictures. Short girls would need it hemmed for actual events. The dress is great quality and truly stunning. I will update with pictures once they are finished!


Only truly flattering if thou are short-waisted. But more importantly,  the dress smelled when it arrived. Body odor. The entire dress.  Possibly was previously returned? I have started the return process. If you order an xxl in the next month and it smells like arm pit, it was there before I returned it.


That being said,  if you are short waisted and get an unused version of the dress,  it's heavy and well made.


Really nice dress for the price and amount of material needed. The lace is really soft and comfortable. Not at all scratchy and I have super sensitive skin. You should definitely order a size or two bigger than what you usually wear because this runs small. I usually wear a 1XL and ended up getting a 3XL based on the posted information and it was correct.  It fits just right now and I'm very pleased with this dress. Thanks!


Wonderful fabric quality, it has a good weight to it. Outer layer is sheer, inner layer is opaque and soft. I'm 5'8" 190 36DDD and ordered an XL since I go between a L and XL. I bought it for a wedding but too last minute do out didn't get here in time but setup want the dress and will probably just look into exchanging for a Large. The XL fits but is too loose in the top to wear without a bra which would show with the sheer lace back. The bodice is made so that if you get the right size you could probably be fine without a bra, which is why I should've gone down a size. The chart said I should've gotten a 2XL. Don't listen to it, just go on the smaller end of your usual size. Also was a few inches too long which makes it drag the ground and will need a hem or really tall heels.


I live where there is limited shopping. I belong to a Mardi Gras krewe and have worn many gowns over the years. This year, I ordered a dress from David's Bridal online (I know their sizing and fit) but they really messed up the order. I was desperate. Amazon to the rescue! I ordered 10 dresses that all had free returns and paid for overnight shipping. This was my husband's second-favorite dress. It looked beautiful and was very comfortable. However, the lace back was a deal-breaker. I had reconstruction after cancer and must wear a bra. Guess I didn't look carefully at the back pic. Order it if you like it - it's beautiful!


