This a very pretty, inexpensive dress. It fit perfectly on the top as it had the perfect amount of stretch. However it was very bunched at the butt/base of zipper (I sucked it up and wore it vs returning it) I am 5'1 so it was a bit long. Did not feel like getting alterations so wore heels with it and just lifted it when needed. I don't know if the bunching was due to production error or my body shape because this didn't seem like an issue in the review photos. Would give 5 stars if it wasn't for bunching.


wow! you always tend to order clothes with a hint of skepticism, especially for sizes that are not smaller sizes like size 6 and under. this wowed me. quality dress, well constructed. I'm 185lbs 5ft 8 and size 38d cup.i got XL


Not even close to the same dress. Full lace top with a much too big wrap around top to keep your chest covered, had long sleeves, one layer satin skirt, literally not even close. Completely and utterly fugly. I WILL be returning.


It definitely is a beautiful dress.  For me, it needs a little tailoring. It is a bit too long for me, and the lacy top will need to be lined since it is too see-through for me.  It is beautiful enough for me to want to make the necessary adjustments to suit my taste and style.


The dress is pretty, and comfy...but it looks and feels more like pajamas than a formal dress, which is what I was looking for. It's well enough made. I'm 5'3" and weigh 113 pounds. The size small was perfect!


I'm a 5'9, over 190lbs with a big bust and this dress was excellent; but, due to my bust, I had to go up a size.  The dress was beautiful, comfortable, and long.  Long enough, it almost hit the floor and I had on hills. I believe this to be a great buy: classy, comfortable and affordable.


Due to the lace, try to wear a strapless bra during lovely warm weather; unless, you have a fabulous shaw.  If you have back fat, like me, it may be exposed....lol.  But, you will still look gorgeous.


Due to it's somewhat of a low cut, wear a necklace; especially those with long necks, like myself.


Love this dress! Bought for a wedding reception and got so many compliments. Very flattering cut and material. Does run a little big. I plan on ordering another one in a smaller size and different color!


The dress is pretty but very simple. I'm 5'4 148lbs and 36b and purchased the small and it fit well. I had to return it because I didn't like that there was no padding on the bust and I didn't have a bra that would look well with the dress. It was also too simple I wanted something with a little sparkle. Customer service was excellent they returned my money within a day.


I'm in love with this dress! I ordered it on a whim, thinking it would never be flatting on my size 14 frame. But it is gorgeous! I hides all the problem areas and looks very feminine on the top. The material is soft and it appears to be well made. I'm about 5'11" and this dress is actually long enough! I'll be wearing this with a black tank top underneath as I don't like the see through back, but it looks good even with the tank underneath. Love, love, love!


Great fit! I really love this dress. Needed something quick and inexpensive for a formal event. Came in 2 days and needed no alterations. Great value! Great fit! Lots of compliments!


