I bought this dress for a formal, and it is absolutely lovely!  It is light and flowy, yet slim and not see-through. The top lace is a bit see-through on the front, but because it is such a dark color and has the lace pattern, I wore a nude bra with it and had no problems!  The lace back is absolutely lovely.  I added a ribbon sash with a rhinestone/pearl decoration to finish it out, since it is a bit plain from the front.  You cannot beat it for the price, and the green color is a gorgeous, dark, forest green.  I received many compliments on it, and many people asked where I got it- they were shocked that I ordered it from someone on Amazon, since it fit so well!


Of all the dresses I've gotten online, this one is my absolute favorite. It was snug and form fitting where it needed to be without suffocating the shoulders or waist. There were a few loose threads I had to snip, but overall I am beyond ecstatic that this dress fit so well... I have a hard time finding dresses that aren't loose up top without being too snug in the hip region. 10/10 would buy again in a different color. The green was a lovely deep tone.


Ordered an XL and it fit my 38 DD snugly.  With a lace back I was able to go without a bra and the girls were snug.  I also tried it with a regular bra and it still fit fine, though a wee bit tighter.  The one thing I did not like about it was the area where the skirt met the lace along the zipper in the back, for some reason I could not get it to lay flat, it bunched and made for an uncomfortable evening of constantly tugging to straighten it out.  I don't know if it was the stitching along the zipper not providing enough give for the stretchy material or if it was my curves.  Unfortunately, I am 5'3", so the dress was a few inches too long.  I was challenged with hemming it because there are 2 layers with the outer intended to be longer the the inner and it being a full skirt.  Overall I'm pleased with the dress.


Beautiful dress but a 3x was not even close to an American version of a 3X.


Seller was super understanding and immediately sent a return label and credited right away.


I was REALLY disappointed as the weight of the dress was really nice. The fabric was slinky feeling and in my hands it felt like it would have made me feel like royalty to wear it.


The color in the picture I thought was slightly richer than the actual garment. I ordered the green. It was more of a forest green than the emerald green that I was hoping for.


Not a flaw, for sure, as computer monitors can be adjusted for the color balance. I probably have a little too much contrast or not enough brightness. Definitely not a flaw against the dress or the seller.


Beautiful dress. I would have happily given it as a gift if I could have thought of a friend or family that could fit in it and would wear it.


My wife wore this dress to a military ball and absolutely loved it! It fit great and looked beautiful. It looks a lot better than you would expect for the low price.  The only issue is it is quite long.  She is 5'2" and opted for flats over heels, she did have to pick it up when walking.  If there was more time we would have had it altered.  But, we were overall very pleased with this purchase.  Also, the back is open which makes finding a bra that works a bit difficult. My wife ordered black and used a black camisole underneath to hide the unsightly band and you couldn't tell that it wasn't part of the dress.


It's beautiful! Very comfy and airy. I'm 6ft tall, so I was so happy to see this actually touched the ground .  Length will be an issue for shorter gals. This is perfect for is giants!!


I bought this to wear to the Harry Potter Winter Ball and have zero regrets.


I read all the reviews before purchasing and bought a size up. I'm 5'9" and 150, and the L fit perfectly (fairly tight, but a little room to breathe and stretch). It was floor length, which I LOVED, since normally dresses are a bit short on me. (So, if you are short, it might be a bit long.)


Why I only gave it 4 stars:


The dress waistline was high for me, between my natural waist and an empire waistline....not flattering. In the picture, it looks lower, so I'm not sure if it was higher on me because I have a long body or because of my chest? (36C) I added a wide belt at my natural waist to make it look better.


I went a size larger based on the reviews, got the XL instead of the L, and I regret it. I definitely could have stuck with the L and been fine. I am 5'8, 36DD, and wear a size 10. The XL has lots of room that I didn't need but was too close to my trip to exchange. The length on this is great for tall girls though! Overall love the design and the feel, lightweight and comfortable. Lace is very stretchy, so do not expect it to hold you up at all.


Looovvvee this dress! Wearing it to my best friends wedding and it's so comfortable and flattering. I ordered XL but could do with the large but the XL looks fine too. Dress is very flowy and forgiving in the stomach area. I just had a baby 5months ago so that's important for me lol also nursing and I can easily pull down the top to feed my baby. For once a Amazon clothing purchase worked out for me. Just couldn't beat it for the price!


This was the first dress I have ever bought as I purchased it for my wife because I didn't care for the selection at the local discount store. Going for size "medium" for my wife who is 5'3" and 6 months pregnant worked out very well. It's a little tight in the chest since the pregnancy has made her boobs a gigantic 38DD but that means it may still fit later after the big boob phase of motherhood. The dress is a little long on her, but the fabric lifts up to help baby bump, which also accommodates the no-heels while pregnant preference and again later will be good when she's back to heels. So while this is not a maternity dress it seems to have worked for her.


We both like the green and the photos are an accurate depiction of the dress we received. It's hard to argue with the quality for the price, a very good value.


I now have a dangerous desire to buy more dresses...


