I wasn't worried because I have purchased from thus seller before and I was very pleased. The length was perfec . I am tall 5 ft 9 and it covered my toes without shoes. I ordered a 2x because that is my online shopping size (i am a 1x) and it fit perfectly.


The dress is just ok. In the picture it looks very flowy and elegant. In reality the body of the dress is more like a halloween costum material. Nothing flowy about it. The top part is pretty.  I wanted this for a dressy event but it won't do so I'll just keep it for Halloween.  It's not ugly just not as elegant as the picture shown here.


it was true to size (3x) but i was just uncomfortable at how broad my shoulders looked. it also went all the way to the floor which is harder to find for some odd reason. so if you plan to wear this dress with any kind of flat sandals or flats shoes of any kind then it will still go to the floor. which is something i like.


I bought this for a formal event. I was skeptical of the price at first because I didn't want it to look cheap. I did not want to spend a lot of money because I am pregnant and probably won't wear again. I wish the waist line was higher but just because of my belly, but it does work as it. looks nice. also its actually extremely comfortable despite how formality looks.


Good quality for the price.  Very pretty red.  I am 5'4" and the dress is a bit long, not sure if I can use it for what I bought it for.  I am considering buying the green one also.  Excellent for layering with an open jacket / top.


The dress fit as expected although i did have to layer a tank beneath because the top was a little see through.  It just wasnt flattering on me and my body type so i sent it back.


Will work as a formal dress but matrial is kinda thin/ doesnt have the weight and look the same as a nice gown. Espically  the lace part. Very comfortable  though. Also length is perfect as long as your not an amzaon so under 5' 7"


I followed the size chart in the pictures and decided on XL (I'm 5'6, 190 lbs, and 38 D). It fits very nice and I even have some extra room so it doesn't look like I'm sqeezing into it. It's a great length with heels (if I had on flats I'd be risking stepping on it).  The fabric is amazing and looks very high end. I love it!


I wore this dress to a wedding while I was 32 weeks pregnant and it worked beautifully. It wasn't too short and hit in the right places. I got lots of compliments.


I was so surprised on how much I liked this dress.  Took a gamble since it was free returns and inexpensive.  It will be a great bridesmaid dress.


5'3 120lbs


