This dress is gorgeous!!! My wife has red hair so it works so well with her. She is short, at 5ft 4, so it drags a little, but she doesn't mind. It's nice but not so nice that you can't wear it as an everyday dress. She loves that she can dress it up and wear it out or dress it down and go grocery shopping.


Ran a little small. There was also dry leaves on the dress, which totally shocked me because the dress was all packed up when I received it. Also the dress wasn't how it looked on the picture. The design on the dress is suppose to come to my stomach but it ended at the bust area.


I like the dress. It's a beautiful deep blue. The quality of the dress seems nicely made, but I'm sending it back do to the fact that the chest is to small for me.I feel as if because it was so tight around my breasts that it makes the bottom half fan out and looks like a maternity dress;


I ordered this in Small, but had to return it since it looked like a maternity gown. It is definitely very loose, which probably is good if you don't want your waist and hips to show.


Bride selected this for her bridesmaids to wear. Very thin fabric, lace is very stretchy. It felt like I was wearing a nightgown when I first put this on. I ended up having to take it to my tailor and have bra cups added and the straps taken up (at a higher cost than what I paid for the dress) in order to have any support. Dress was comfortable and looked good in photos.


I wore this dress to a company party. I dressed it up with some fantastic jewerly, it fit really well. Loved it. Was gorgeous on me and comfortable.


3X size chart says 45" waist.  This dress measured 42".


The dress I received looked nothing like the picture.  It was a different shade of red, the neckline was different, and it had this horrible gold looking chain thing around the neck opening that was ugly and pinched me.  All in all not at all what was advertised.  I returned it immediately.


I really wanted to love this dress! It is soft and great quality for the price. I am giving three stars because my dress arrived with a broken zipper. I am returning to hopefully get a non-defective one. The dress is a good length and rested right above the floor for me, and the lace top has quite a bit of give to it. Overall I am sad the original was broken, but I am excited to get a new one and hopefully get to wear it out!


This dress was well made and appears to be much more expensive than it was. It has a slight stretch to accommodate differences in body type. I am 5'6 and 140lb. I was wearing 3 inch heels in the photo.


