The dress that I received was not the one in the picture. The front was not all lace, it was a sheet fabric that was pleaded. Along with that it had cut outs on the side of lace. I was really excited to wear this dress to a formal dinner, but sadly disappointed when the one I ordered was not the one I received.


Great dress! Great price! Was concerned since there was generic sizing, but the dress has a little stretch and lays and flows nicely. I ordered several other dresses in size 12 (5'9, 170lbs, and nursing baby). All the dresses were too tight in the bust but the large in this dress is perfect and has some stretch in the bust area. The navy blue is very pretty.


This dress fit well. I usually wear a small or medium. I went with the small and was glad I did. It's very long for me, and I'm having it hemmed. Mind you, I'm 5'3" so hemming maxi dresses is a fact of life. I'm wearing this as a bridesmaid dress for a wedding, ere are 4 girls with a big size gap, and the look flatters all!


I absolutely love this dress! It definitely feels like I should've paid more for the quality of this dress. It is beautiful. It flatters my figure and that's not something I can say about many dresses. The only reason I gave this dress a 4 star was because it happened to be about 2-3 inches too long (I'm 5'3") and will have to be hemmed for use.


This dress was a pleasant surprise.  The color and style were true to the description and the sizing is accurate.  The lace on the dress adds nice detail to the maxi dress and gives it a more formal look.  I purchased this dress as a bridesmaids dress for a spring wedding and it is perfect for the occasion.  It is a good balance of quality, design, and price which lead to it being a great value.


I ordered a size S & it fits like a M to L!! I can’t wear it & tried to sell it. She had the same problem so I had to give her the $ back & now I’m basically stuck w/a dress that doesn’t fit. I thought a size S would be perfect for me as I wear a size 3-5 normally, so size S should have been perfect but, it wasn’t ☹️ Lori Taylor (unhappy in Oregon)


Love love love this dress!!! Awesome price and amazing quality!! I love pretty and simple, and this dress exceeded my expectations!! Im super surprised at how much i love it. Went by the size chart and it fit perfectly!!


This dress fit very well and didn't look cheap. I was very pleased!


Perfect. Fits true to size and the length is perfect for heels. I am 5'6 and normally wear a large.


Beautiful color and seems to be well-made. It was not as A-line as I had hoped in that it was not necessarily form-fitting around my waist.


