I got these for my bridesmaids for my wedding. They were beautiful, comfortable and looked great after some steaming! Much cheaper than having your girls go to a large bridal store and spending ridiculous money on dresses they will never wear again.


Very pretty. Soft material. Color was perfect. Perfect fit but needs to wear heels because of the length.  The only thing is that the back of the dress at the zipper bunches up need to be adjusted.  But overall perfect for what I need


Reordered and received the correct dress this time. Beautiful color and lace! The inner lining feels like a very soft cotton so it's not itchy. The see through back is very pretty and tasteful, but I'm not sure what kind of bra to wear with it yet.


I'm 5'6" 190lbs 38DD and I ordered an XXL and it fits well. I probably could have worn a XL because its stretchy and bit long, but at this size it doesn't feel too tight anywhere, it just sort of drapes nicely. Bought to wear to a wedding next week.


LOVE this dress. I bought this to wear to a wedding when I was 7 months preggo. It was so comfy and incredibly flattering. I usually wear a size xl but since I was super knocked up I went once size larger to accommodate a growing belly and the growing girls. LOVE!!


This dress surprised me. It’s great quality. However, normally I am a size Medium in dresses and because of the reviews I sized up and bought a Large. It’s pretty loose on my chest and waist So I could have just gone with my regular size. No biggie though the dress is still pretty. I’ll just have to get some alterations. I’m a 36C, 5 foot tall and 127 lbs.


The dress is ok but you will pay for what you get. The color was perfect but didn't like the cheap lace material. Sent it back


Love this dress!!!! I am 5'6 and the length was perfect.  Wearing a small.


It was a good-looking dress and my sister was comfortable in it during the party but for a 2x, it still seemed a little on the small side in terms of being able to zip-up.


I was impressed with the "feel" of the dress.  It doesn't feel cheap at all.  Its also one of the most comfortable formal dresses I've ever worn.  The top is a stretchy lace material.  I was a little nervous about what a bra would look like with the back being open lace but a nude bra is barely noticeable.  I was also hoping it would be long enough, since I'm about 5'10' but it was the perfect length, right at the ground, since I plan to wear flats with this dress anyway.  Buy this dress!  Its so pretty and comfortable!


Very pretty dress in a rich, deep color. Nice material, good stitching.  I wish it had more room in the waist. The only place it didn't fit was where the materials met and changed. It was too tight around my rib cage.


