This dress looks really pretty, just as pictured. It's very high quality for the price. I usually wear a 16/18 in dresses but sized up based on other reviews and got a 3x. I have 42" bust, 34" waist, 46" hips and a 3X was the right choice I think, but it doesn't pull in enough at the waist so it kind of hangs in an unflaterring way. I think the 2X might have been too small in the bust though.. I'm 5'4 and it was a little long on me, as expected, but could be worn with heels. The back is lace, so finding a bra is also an issue. I have a nude bra that is also lace in the back, and that was pretty much invisible under this dress. I ended up ordering 2 dresses and the other one had a more flattering shape, so I ended up returning this one.


Not perfect, but great for the price. I will need it hemmed and will have cups put in on the front, as the back makes a bra impossible. For reference, I am 5'3" 145 lbs and toned.


I will be wearing this dress as a bridesmaid in a wedding. Being that this was my first time ordering clothing off of Amazon I was suprised of the quality of the dress at the price I paid. The fabric was soft and not scratchy at all. The dress fit me to a t, I order an XL as I rather it be too big than too small, and it fit perfect. The color was exactly as is in the image. I don't know if I'm going to wear a bra with or just put a black undershirt under it, either way it's very comfortable only thing I would say the waitstline was a little higher than expected. Other than that, perfect dress and I'll be buying again.


I'm 5'9" and 210 pounds, wear anywhere between a 12 and a 16. I got this dress in XXL and it was super comfortable, even a little loose. I also wore a shoe with about a 2 inch heel and it just brushed the floor. I paired it with a gold belt and I got TONS of complements, especially when I told people the price! A formal dress I will definitely be able to wear again and again.


Even though this dress is somewhat small, I do not wish to return it, but perhaps I will purchase it again in one size larger.  This dress is awesome! It is very well made, drapes from the pleats beautifully and has a lovely lace bodice.  The quality is far better that I expected.  It could be worn with or without a jacket or a wrap and it will look elegant.


I'm a rather slim 5'11 female, usually wearing a size small or medium in dresses (or 3, 4, or 5) and this dress was almost perfectly long enough! I always prefer having floor length dresses touching the ground but this one was ALMOST there, still looks great though. I was nervous about the dress not being long enough, so I bought both a small and medium to see which one would fit better/longer, and they're both very long but I stuck with the small because there was still a little extra room in the abdominal area. The green looks beautiful and I am very pleased with this purchase :)


I LOVE this dress! It is perfectly flowey and gorgeous for the price! I am 5'3 and it was much too long for me when I got it. I had to take it to a tailor to take a few inches off the hem. I'm usually a size 8 or 10 and I usually wear size L so that is what I ordered. I probably could have gotten away with a size M because there is a little room. Honestly, I want this dress in every color so I'll probably just order it in a size M next time and see.


The back is all lace so it is see-through. I am just going to wear a nude slip underneath because it doesn't seem to be too noticeable.


Beautiful and comfortable gown. I used it as a brides maid dress. I am 6 feet tall and it just barely touched the floor.


Fast delivery, great quality for the price, ive only tried them on (ordered two) they are extremely flattering to my post baby body shape! I was scared about picking a size, i ordered based on reviews, they are a perfect fit, except they are very long so it will need hemming since im short. I ordered a large, im 5'1 , 160lbs and bust is a 36DD .  The fabric is pretty staticy so u will want to buy static guard before wearing. The lace is soft and stretchy. Very happy with my purchase!!! Highly recommend! And i wish i could say i got a discount for leaving this review.. but i didnt, nor did i get anything free. Just a full price paying happy customer. I will be ordering the other two colors as well!


Runs a little large, but otherwise beautiful dress! I am 5'6" and 165 pound athletic build and I could have probably gotten away with a small if I wanted it more fitted since it's an empire waist. It's very well made and beautiful! I ordered and medium and I'm going to stick with that.


