I was extremely happy with this purchase. The dress fit well, is comfortable and flattering. I got many compliments. It's not made to hold up for a long time, but I ordered because a custom dress I was having made wasn't going to be ready in time for an event. The price was right and with prime shipping, it worked out better than I could have hoped.


Bought this one and the same gown in black also.  Both are great


Looks lovely on and is very comfy. Fit is very close to the measurement guide. Since I am 5'3" and have a small frame however, it did need to be shortened and taken in a bit at the shoulders.


Certainly worth the money. Another customer at the seamstress' shop couldn't believe I bought this dress on line!


I bought this dress a while ago, and never wore it.  I recently took it out my closet for my husbands work party and loved the entire look.  The bust area was very flattering and held together very well, especially because the back was see-through (which was very sexy and I got a lot of compliments).  The color was also gorgeous.


Not a bad dress, was a little big. It was my backup dress for a wedding, but I ended up returning it. I’m 28 and it felt just a little old for my tastes with the way the pattern/cut was up top. But it’s a pretty dress so if it’s your style it’s definitely worth the price!


Great product for the price. I looked at the reviews and determined to order a size up to XL. I wear a 36c and with a bra on, the dress fit perfectly. I did have to purchase something to attach to the bra for the backless look. Overall quality is great considering the price. However, the length was incredibly long. I am 5'3" and needed to have the dress hemmed.


This dress was not flattering at all. I'm a size 2 and 5'4, this dress looked messy. I bought the red color and the lace looked cheap, the fabric kept sticking to the slip which kept sticking to my body which in turn made the dress look wrinkled. I returned it and I received the money the same day.


Love this dress. Perfect and lightweight enough to not make you feel like you are going to die of heat exhaustion. If you are short, be prepared to hem. We are used to it anyways, so it isn't a problem :)


Ordered medium, 5'6" 140ish. Fits great through the top half. But seam at the bottom had to be tailored because the front and back were a couple inches longer than the sides. After evening things out it is still a nice length with heels.


Absolutely loved this dress, except it was too big! I ordered a SMALL & I'm 5'4" 105lbs and it hung on me. I loved the green color though. I wish it came in an XS because I would totally get it in the smaller size.


