I ordered a size up 2xl, all the other reviews said that it ran small so I wanted to be sure, I added a belt so it looked fine but I believe if I tried it on in the store I would have bought my actual size. I normal were a size 12 and I am 5'7 and about 180 lbs. I wore 2.5 inch heals and the dress what the perfect length.


Looks fantastic- stretchy enough to hide some extra "mom bod" curves. Definitely go by bust size, not hip/waist size.


I'm 5'5" (photos are in heels), 145lbs and a 36C in a medium. This is the light green color. I only wish the bust had padding because finding a bra that provides support will be difficult. The top is thin so you need to wear a bra or something under it.


I would give it 5 if it fit as expected, but it is nonetheless very beautiful. the color is great, maybe not entirely as dark as it is shown, but very close. The quality is very nice. I bought one small, and one medium for my bridesmaids. The top portion in the photo looks as if it isn't see through or thin, but it is slightly. The back is see through, so you'll need to wear a matching colored bra, none, or a clear.


BEAUTIFUL bridesmaid dress. The lace is delicate and it is very well made. I am impressed with the quality for such a low price! I wear a size 8 pants and am a 36D. The small is a little small in the armpits, but will do. The medium was a bit baggier in the back.


I bought this dress for our daughter to wear at our son's wedding. It looked stunning on her and fit beautifully! What a fantastic value! She is 5'3 and about 138 lbs. and the small fit really well (a little long but oh well!).


Very nice quality - and a great value yet the picture does not reflect the actual dress final design ....Or the sholders of the model are very tiny because there is no shoulder cap as shone on the photo.  The dress shows it has cap sleeve yet the dress is actually sleeveless !  Otherwise a nice dress that is somewhere between modest and typical evening gown wear.


Great dress, especially for the price. Material is nice, very comfortable. I'm normally a large or so, I ordered an xxl because I was worried this would be stiff material with no give. It has a very slight stretch to it, so while the xxl looked good I ended up getting an xl instead.  The stretch allows for comfortable movement even when fitted perfectly or snug. I haven't found a bra that will work so will likely just end up sewing in cups. However for the price and comfort and not having to spend $100+ on a bridesmaid dress I'll consider it a big success.


For the price -- It is OK.  The top area is stretchy.  I got a Small-- which is my size usually and also going by the measurements provided.  The length is fine with 3" heels and I am 5'7".  My issue is the stitch line connecting the lace area to the bottom.  Since there was SO MUCH stretch in the lace, I didn't think the (higher than usual) waist line would be an issue, but it is uncomfortable and I am small chested.  It pushes on my ribs when I wear it.  It may have been a good idea to have incorporated a small stretch to the demi-empire waist.


I love this dress!! I wanted something to wear to my son's wedding and since it is a summer wedding, I wanted something cool. It is a more casual outdoor wedding. I didn't want sequins because I didn't want to outshine the bride. I am not able to shop in stores with my illness. After looking online for months, it was so hard to shop for a very important dress when I wasn't even sure what size to buy. I never shop without reading a lot of reviews for the product. I am like most, I shop from customer's reviews. I do not like tight clothing so a lot of the reviewers said to order up so I did. It is perfect!! If  could design a dress and sew it by hand, this is what I would have made. I wear a size 18 but I went up to a xxl. I am  sure I could have worn the xl but like I said, I have some rolls that I didn't want in a snug dress. If I had gotten the xl, I may not have needed a bra, but it wouldn't have skimmed my body as well.


This dress is  navy blue, not a royal blue as I thought from the pictures. It may look lighter in the sun .I am 5'6" and it is about an 1"-2"on the floor.  I could wear heels and it still not be too short. I love to wear dresses that fall to the floor. This is the most comfortable dress I have ever owned.The lace is stretchy. It is lined on the front from just below the shoulders to the floor and the back from the lace down. I will have to find some kind of bra or Cami. (I saw one review where she wore a dark shirt under hers so that she could wear a bra). I may too. I like the lace showing in the back so we will see what I come up with.


 If you want a beautiful dress that is not sparkly, you will look so elegant in this one. Try it. I can only tell you my experience and remember, I bought a larger size and that is probably why it drags the floor. One of my all time favorites!


It’s my third Miusol dress, I love the quality and price.  The color is gorgeous for a March wedding. I’m 5’5” and weigh 132 and the small fits perfect.  It’s a little long so I’ll have to wear high wedges, but great.


