I won't knock the dress down any stars based on personal preference. It's well made, very comfortable,  and attractive. A small fit me just right however, my husband commented he prefers my dresses be more cinched in at my waist, which I agree. I am 5'7, 150lbs in a size 6 dress and pants, 34D chest. In the end, I returned this dress because it is not formal enough for my event. I ended up choosing Miusol Women's Deep-V neck Elengant Halter Retro Bridesmaid Prom Maxi Dress from amazon for about the same price.


Cute but don't order burgundy it's just red. I am a little disappointed because for my size I needed a dark color without wearing black as usual but the dress is bright red and isn't flattering for someone my size. I should have ordered black but now have no time to return and get black shipped before my party on Jan 22nd :/


Arrived on time and in new condition. Purchased the 2X for my daughter who is 5'6" and about 220 lbs. Dress fit perfectly and was very comfortable (my daughter is very picky). My daughter wore this to her Winter Ball. We also purchased the Women's Plus Size 3/4 Sleeve Triple Pleat Bolero Shrug to wear with it and keep her warm which looked nice with the dress. Arrived a bit wrinkled but I was able to steam out the wrinkles easily. Very happy with purchase.


Honestly, look at people's personal photos of the dress. It was exactly as I thought it would be. The size chart was perfect and it fit me perfectly for my event. I'm totally happy with this purchase! If you want to look like the photo you would need to wear a push up bra. I am 5 months pregnant and loved everything about how this dress felt and laid, the neck line was perfect! Totally recommend it as long as you look at the photos and know what your buying, you will receive it!


I am in love with this dress. I did take note of the other buyers' notes to buy a bit larger than one would normally buy; I paid special attention to the note saying to make sure to order by bust size as that's the best way to go. I went by the Miusol sizing chart in the photos and the dress is perfect. It is very good quality and is actually comfortable to wear. I know people who have paid double or triple for a gown of equal quality, so this is definitely a steal! I will definitely be purchasing more dresses from this brand.


I absolutely loved this dress!! I wanted something that was long for a wedding I was going to and this wasn't what I had in mind but I thought I would give it a chance. And man I am sooooo glad that I did. This dress EXCEEDED any expectation I had. It fit perfectly, and looked absolutely stunning on me and I got so many complements! I am about 5'8" and 150 pounds and I ordered a medium and it fit just as it should have with a little bit of room for movement. I would highly recommend this dress. I wish I had more reasons to wear it!


The material is very heavy on the bottom and it's very thin lace on top which is pulling the material out of shape if you try to hang it up. It only has two pleats in the front. Full of wrinkles, did I mention you really can't hang it up to see if the wrinkles will come out? It's extremely ugly.


Love the fit, fabric, flow and the general look and feel of the dress. The material needs some light pressing, but otherwise it looks as described (although the red is a little different - tomato red, than shown in the picture).  This is definitely one my best owned. I plan to wear this for my maternity shoot, and it looks awesome on me; hope I will have the same promising look, and feel, and fit post pregnancy


I love love love this dress! The color is exactly as shown. It fits true to size and is constructed well. I am a bridesmaid in a wedding next month and the bride is also very happy with my choice. I am a 5'4" and it is very long but is perfect with my 4.5" heels. My shipment arrived quickly and packaged well. I will definitely purchase from Miusol Fashion again.


The dress was really nice and fit well.  In fact, I think I'm going to try a size smaller since it really was true to size.  My only issue was that it is a true navy and is pretty dark.  I'm looking for more of a dark sapphire color.  I wish they had that.  I think I'm going to try the cream color and dying it.  The fit and look was great.


