I loved this dress! The length was great, the bodice fit perfectly, and I felt beautiful. However, the material is a little cheap (given the price, DUH!) so it wasn't quite formal enough to wear to the event we were attending. It would be great for bridesmaids dresses for a casual wedding, though!


Fit like a dream, soft and light. Definitely recommend for a semi-formal event!


I normally wear a size 10 so I ordered a medium. it was too tight across the bust. I returned it without a problem. The reason I gave it one star is that I reordered it in a large but never received it. The first one was well made for the price.


This dress is one of my favorite purchases so far. I'm usually between a 6 and 8 in size, I'm 150lb and 5'3, and the size Medium fits perfectly. It's a tad long because I'm short, but that's no problem when wearing high heels. The color is a bit brighter than shown in the photo, but it's lovely regardless.


I got this dress for my school formal. It was absolutely gorgeous, and I received many compliments throughout the night. It was a little too long for me (1 am 5' 1"- 5' 2" and around 132 lbs), so I had to get the length altered (NO crazy high heels for me!). I got the medium,which was perfect for me,  because I was concerned about the fitting on the chest, but I believe the small may have fit as well as it does have a little give.


It arrived on time and was packed nicely, no wrinkles on the dress I received. Go with this gorgeous green color, it really looks beautiful!


Nice quality. A little heavy. I ordered a small. I am 5’4” around 133 lbs and this dress was a little big. It was not as form fitting as I had hoped it would be. Ended up returning it.


Pretty dress but too big. I’m 5’7”, 140 lbs, and usually wear a medium, I should’ve ordered a small. Also, the lace was kind of coming apart on the top back of the dress. I returned it and did not repurchase.


These dresses were absolutely amazing! Great quality! I ordered one to see if I would like it and I quickly ordered more for my bridesmaids! When I tell people I got my bridesmaid dresses from Amazon for $35 they are shocked! The only thing I’m going to do is get a small silver belt to put at the waistline. Also, the dress looks low cut on the model pictures but it wasn’t for me (I didn’t want it low cut anyways).


I am usually between the size 6/8 and I am 5’6”. I almost ordered a size M, but the small fitted me just perfectly. I hope this can help if you’re in doubt about the size.


Beautiful, if you’re not trusting this dress company you’re silly, great product for the price, not my first dress from them


I bought this dress to wear to my daughters outside garden wedding!  It's very pretty. Well made, and the lace is as soft as butter! Fits like a glove. The color is a dark navy blue. Matches my husband suit perfectly. Love, love, love. And you cannot beat the price.


