Beautiful dress and good quality too. I am 5'7", 174 lbs, wear a 40B bra and usually wear a size 14 dress. I ordered the 2XL and it fit well just slightly loose in waist. It did not show stomach rolls at all so probably the best size/fit. I am tall and wore 2.5" heels but dress skimmed the ground. Someone shorter would need to hem it up. I received many compliments.


Beautiful!! Seems to be really well made and definitely a good price! I am 5'8" and weight 150-155lbs. I ordered a medium based on the sizing charts, but it seems I need a small. The bust size is the most important measurement as the waist is only a little lower than where an empire waist would hit, and that's the snuggest part. From the waist, it flows outward. I carry my weight in my hips, so I needed to get a small. The medium does fit, but I want it to be snug enough so I don't need a bra. The gown does hit the floor when I am not wearing shoes.


I was happy with the fit of the dress. The size guide was accurate and the dress was true to size. Wrinkles from shipping come out easily with a steamer. The dress was double packed in thick plastic and free from damage. The color was also as expected and the dress was well made. The package arrived on time with a two day shipment. I would highly recommend.


Cute dress but just not flattering on a 5'2 200 pound person. It looked cheaply made and I felt like I should be a character in the movie Snow White. Sadly returning the dress. Much cuter in the picture and I'm sure it looks great on thinner people.


I love this dress, but the waistline definitely was not where i expected it to sit. I have a normal body type and my bust is a 34D, so maybe it was because I have larger breasts. But in the picture it sits right at your hips and for me it sits at my waistline.


This dress is great! I wore this to an awards dinner and received a lot of compliments. I wore this dress braless (size 34DD) and didn't have any issues. The dress appears sheer when held to the light but once on, it does not look see through. I event tested taking a few photos with flash and you could not see through the dress. Highly recommend especially for the price.


Loved it! I wore it to the Magic Castle in LA. It was perfect.  I am 6'1" and 230 lbs and ordered a XXL.  It was a bit short but it complemented my figure wonderfully.  The neck line was great because I have large breasts and I didn't want to show too much.


Nice dress but too small for me (3x).  I would guess it may run a bit small.  A very pretty dress.  I accidentally ordered 2 and will be returning both.


I bought his dress for a fairy costume and what a GREAT BUY!  Good quality and very comfortable!  Can't beat the price! I will probably buy another color or 2. Brides should do their wedding parties a favor and browse this company's catalog for super affordable dresses...more money for gifts and the bachelorette party!!!


It's a lovely dress. I am 5'10" and it's just the right length for me. Very flattering. To help those considering it, I usually were a size 18- 20 but still manage to have an hour glass shape, but I am not petite by any means. It made me feel like my old slim self haha Only down side was I had trouble getting it zipped. I had to find help for the part where it went over the seam in the middle of the back. Otherwise I love it. Fits close to as expected but just a little tight in the bust area.


