Wow. I was pretty impressed with this dress. For the price I really wasn't sure what the quality would be but it really is very nice. It's plain but elegant. The top part is nice and actually it is pretty supportive if you want to go braless since it's a lace back. The bottom is two layers. The top layer was a tad long on me so I got it hemmed otherwise it fit really well.


Its a pretty dress but not the best quality.  The outer layer rayon fabric was very wrinkly (as expected) but also had a few small holes in the bottom, near the hem. I wore the dress (it was too late to purchase another before the event I bought this one for) and I don't think anyone could see the holes, unless you looked close (I did get compliments on the dress).  I was able to iron out most of the wrinkles but I'm nervous about washing the dress (the tag indicated no dry cleaning) for wear again, out of fear of ripping it completely.  It may end up being a one (or two) time wear only dress, which isn't terrible for this price - but people should beware that it could come damaged.


Cute dress. I am 5'2" and will be wearing this dress with flat sandals, so I had to take it to get  3 in taken off the bottom. The dress fits perfectly everywhere else. I'm a size 6 & ordered a small.


I bought this to wear as a bridesmaid dress for a wedding in March. The dress is beautiful! Please note the dress is long. I am 5' 2.5" and I tried it on with 4" heels and I could still have it hemmed. I normally wear an XL in clothing and ordered that size. Once it arrived, I returned it for the Large which fit better. The lace detail on the back really makes the dress look elegant and more expensive than the price. The bride loves the look of it and is really excited to see how the pictures turn out. All in all, I am very happy with the purchase.


I ordered the Navy Blue in small and medium, just because I wasn't quite sure about my size. I'm 5'7", about 145 pounds, with an athletic build/petite up top and the small fit perfectly! I didn't wear a bra when trying it on, and it seems like it would be okay without it, and it was just the right length as well, barely brushing the floor. Unfortunately, like a few other reviewers said, mine came with the smell of body odor on the armpits, as if someone had worn it, then returned it, and I got their dress! I washed it, and that fixed the problem! Other than my disappointment at first over the smell, this is a beautiful dress and it fit like a glove. Order it!


Beautiful dress..great value! I wore this as my mother of the bride dress. It was perfect! Some of the mother of the bride dresses are just downright unattractive. This one was very nice. It is definitely a "one wear" dress but for the price and the look..it is so worth it. I could have spent quite a bit more and it would have still ended up being a one wear thing. If you are intending on uses this for multiple events, I am not sure if it will hold up. It looked a little rough at the end of my day. But would I purchase this dress or similar for an event..you betcha!


Great fit, loved the dress.


The dress is beautiful first of all, but after reading the reviews I wasn't quite sure which size to order. Some people said it ran small, some said that it ran large. But since we all have different shapes, weights and heights, it can be hard to decide. I usually wear an x-large. I am 5 ' 4 and I am curvy. I ordered the 3x to be on the safe side. It ended up fitting pretty well, but when it comes to putting it on and taking it off, there isn't much room and you have to be careful. So you definitely need to be careful when choosing your size. Also the 3x is pretty long for me at 5 ' 4, but I am going to wear it as is. Overall the dress is nice quality and has a great price.


I love love love this dress!!! I did size up 1 size from my normal size but it's such a beautiful dress! I'm so excited to wear it to my friends wedding next month. I wish the top was lined, but I knew it wasn't when I bought it so that was no surprise. It's a lovely material, very soft and not at all itchy. It has just enough stretch to make it comfortable.


I got a size up based on the reviews. good thing I did as it is still a little bit tight but works. the top is very short it ends at the bottom of my breasts, but in the picture where it ends at the waist. I paired it was a corset bra and belt to give it a more defined waist like I wanted.


