Wow! This dress is absolutely beautiful! For the price, the quality is top-notch! I couldn't believe it was only $30! I ordered this dress in navy for a wedding and I couldn't be happier with my purchase! I ordered two sizes and ended up going with the smaller size. I think the dress runs a little big and the top definitely stretched throughout the night. However, it is a stunning dress and will now be my go-to formal wear! I'm so pleased with this dress!


I wear between a 14 And 16 xl fit great. Very great value for this dress. It was very comfortable and good quality. The only drawback was that the inside lining was tacked to the dress which made it pucker in the back. Not a big deal because at all it was lovely. Dress on far right. Will post better pics when received


They sent me  the wrong dress, not the style at all that im seeing on the picture, plus the fit was way too long and a bit big for a medium. In the picture i saw a dress with a lace see through back, and cup sleeves. i got a dress with v neck, v back, and short frilly sleeves.


I bought my bridesmaids these dresses for my wedding. I took a guess on their sizes after looking at the size chart and every single one fit them, no problems. They are nicely made as well, and they all told me how comfortable they were. I bought this dress in two different colors (black and red) and in 3 different sizes and had no complaints. Cannot complain at the price either!


The dress is beautiful and is the perfect length with heals (I'm 5"4) and it arrived quickly. My only complaint is some of the lace is coming apart next to the arm hole. It's not very visible and I don't have time to return it so I'm keeping it. Also the top is see through so I'm having to wear a tank top underneath.


Such a beautiful dress for the price. I got so many compliments. I'm in a wheelchair so it was the perfect length to cover my legs.


I absolutely loved this dress! It fit perfectly! And it was so very well made, especially for the price point! The zipper is excellent and the fabric isn't "cheap" feeling! I got so many compliments on this dress at my gala event! No one could believe that I got this dress from Amazon! It did wrinkle, however, so I would take the time to make sure that you get the wrinkles out before you wear it. I would have like to add a small gold chain as a "belt" but I didn't think of that in advance LOL I am 5' 3", 143 pounds and with my nude colored heels (not pumps) this dress fit perfectly! I also really loved the way it flowed as I walked!


This dress was amazing. I received so many compliments about how beautiful it was. The front is a little see through but a nude sticky bra solved that problem for me. I am 5'1", 145lbs, and the medium fit great (if not a little big) and I had to hem about 4 inches.


This dress is fantastic! I used them as my bridesmaids dresses and all my maids loved the price and the comfortablility of the dress. It feels like great quality and when I went to Davids Bridal later I found a dress that the exact same material and apperance for 10X the price. Buy it!


THis is one of the most comfortable dresses I have ever worn! It feels like you are in Jammie :). Fits as expected.  The open lace back has enough lace design to hide a nude bra easily.  We are wearing these for my sisters wedding and everyone loves them. And you can't beat the price!


