I really love this dress. Bought the Champagne color, its simply beautiful! Very elegant. Wore it to an anniversary dinner party I got alot of compliments. I'm 5'8 it sweeps across my ankles, very flattering fit. Ordered another in black, awesome dress great price


Its a great dress!  The blue color isn't as bright as in the pic but the fit is great and it looks real elegant.  As for the length, I'm 5'2" and with 4 inch heels, the length works without any alterations.  The high-ish waist helps me and is flattering on me as I have a heavier bottom...


Loved it!! I got the small (5'2" 130lbs 36C) if fit perfect except for the length but I didn't wear tall heels. I had it shortened a little. The fit was very comfortable all night and everyone complimented it. I recommend this dress. I may be purchasing another one in a different color.


I remember picking a size of 3x but that is NOT how the dress is sized.  It is a XXXL, which anyone in my size category knows is absolutely not the same thing as 3X.  If I have lost 50-75 by next year's conference I might be able to wear it then but no amount of stretch in the fabric will allow more than one inch of the zipper to close.


I don't often spend over $50 on a dress, but I needed something a little dressier for my daughter's wedding. I didn't have time to shop, so I took a risk and bought it here. First, the good: The dress has a lace top. Lace has a tendency to be stiff and scratchy. This lace is soft and feels good. The dress is made of a somewhat stretchy material, so even the odd bod will have a good fit. The waist is higher, sitting just below the bust line. This means those who have given birth and bear a bit of midriff excess as a reminder will hide it nicely. I am 5'6 and weight 144...measurements are 38x32x39. I normally wear a size 6 to 8. I ordered a large and it fit me beautifully with room for that piece of wedding cake. My daughter who is 5'7 weighing 122 who normally wears a 2-4 wanted to try it on because she thought it was so beautiful. She said despite the fact that the dress was a tiny bit loose on her, it still looked great. The dress just graces the floor from my shoulders, so shoes will keep it off the ground. The zipper zips easily. All the seams are sewn well. Second, the bad: None. Nope. No bad stuff here. It's five stars all the way! UPDATE: 9/9/2015...I wore this dress for my daughter's wedding, on which occasion 4.13" of rain fell in torrents. We held the wedding on our island, and following my saturated guests' leads, I jumped off the bridge and SWAM IN THIS DRESS! 1. The dress was STILL comfortable and STILL held up well despite my lunacy. 2. The dress came clean and looks as good as new.  After my swimming expedition, I still received compliments on how pretty the dress looked!!! I wore a dark blue bra with the dark blue dress, and it looked just fine. I wore 1" heels with it, and I did find I had to pick up the hem as it dragged a couple inches. If I were a seamstress or had a little more time, I might have hemmed it up a bit. I am sorely tempted to cut it to tea length so I can wear it again. Or...maybe I'll buy another one in green???


I love the style and how it looks. This dress actually stretches pretty big so you can get the exact fit or if you very petite or small or fit. you would get a size smaller. I got a large because i'm a little bigger. i'm 5'3 weighing about 180. I could of fit the medium if I wanted to.


When I pulled the dress out of the packaging I was impressed with the quality - for only paying $30. I put the dress on - I followed the size chart and it fit very well. The front looked beautiful. The down fall of this dress is the zipper in the back. It doesn't lay flat when the dress is on so you look like you have an odd bulge right above your butt - which is very obvious . I could do nothing to get it to lay straight....so now I've wasted my time and money (my understanding is the return process is a real pain...).


The fit and color was great but it had one flaw: cheap looking lace framing the neck. Also the fabric was cheap, but I overlooked that considering the price. So disappointed about the lace issue; alas it is going back to Amazon.


I am wear an 18/20 US size and approximately 5ft 7.5in tall.  This dress is absolutely beautiful and very well made.  I had concerns about the sheerness of the front part of this top but I don't believe anyone can see through it once it is on.  It fit perfectly. I don't believe you can go wrong with this one as the pricing is also spot on.  I wish it came in more colors.


I love this dress. I usually wear a 4/6 but ordered up because I had read so many reviews of the dresses running small. I probably should have ordered the small instead of medium because the material has a little stretch to it, but it's still cute if I add a little belt around the waist. I was really nervous about ordering on-line, but I really like this dress.  It is nice quality material, and arrived very quickly.


