This dress looks great. Very happy with purchase.


Too big on me, size 4. Also too long. Disappointed overall, did not like the design at all.


It does run small as the other buyers said because the flow out begins higher than the picture shows as appose to the waist.  I am still going to keep it because it is so very beautiful and it will make me work harder to fit into it.  I only have 2 inches for it to feel comfortable. :-)  Ladies if you purchase it you need to make sure to give yourself enough time to hem it up if you do not have them tailor it ahead of time.  its very pretty and very simple so it allows you to accessorize to look fabulous.


I ordered this dress for one of my bridesmaids. I'd say size fits as should [ wears a small ordered a small and fit perfect. Only thing is it needs to be hemmed. It's too long on all my girls [ordered sizes small, large and xl.  All fit great just the length was the issue. Ordered navy blue and it's so pretty. So glad I chose these!!


Wasn't even the dress I ordered!!!! I'm extremely disappointed. Love the dress but it was not what I expected. I'm returning this product. For sure...


Fits great and very comfortable! I got the black dress and it is very well made. You can see a bra through th lacey parts, but the black bra is not too bad.  Only down side is the bottom is super staticy... nothing a little hairspray or staticX can't fix! :) Will definitely recommend.


Good quality:) used for my bridesmaids


Fast shipping, crowd pleaser :) it was a east fit for all my girls. The only thing was that we needed something to  extra wrap in for February weather in California but we were all happy with the dresses


Beautiful and made well. Longer for someone who is only 5'5 so tall heels might be in order. But very comfy and beautiful!


This dress is even prettier than the picture. I wasn't sure which color I want it so I ordered the navy one and the red one. They are both beautiful.


I needed this dress for a gallery opening.  Unfortunately, I ordered it too late to hem up the bottom.  I am 5'4," and even with heels, it was too long.  The waist and chest were a bit big, but that is not uncommon for my body type.  I did get a lot of positive comments regarding the dress at the event.  I felt it was a fine purchase for the price.


