I absolutely loved this dress. It is SO SO SO much nicer than what the price lets on! I'm wearing mine to my husbands military ball, and will post pictures later on. I was extremely worried when I bought this dress, but I have to say I'm extremely pleased. the waist is way higher than what the picture shows, but I just purchased a gold belt off amazon to go with it! (I will provide the link) https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B071GQRPW3/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o03_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1


I’m 5’8”, 200 lbs- wear a 14 in most jeans. I ordered the XL and it fit perfectly for me to wear to my brothers wedding. I was a little self conscious about my bumps and lumps so I wore a spanx bodysuit underneath. You could see it in the back but it looked like a flesh colored liner. I went with a strapless bra which the bodysuit covered but totally could have gone without one.


Seems like they might be Asian sizes. I ordered the same size I wear for everything, however this seems like It should have been marked as more than half my size. Also the zipper was damaged on it.


This dress was very light to pack for my vacation. It didn't get to wrinkled in my luggage. I was able to use a regular iron to iron my dress. I loved that it was stretchy and it gave me room to breathe. I am so self conscience about my baby bump but it did a good job of hiding it. I normally do not wear dresses at all but I felt very comfortable in this one.


Wow. This dress is a steal at 30$, I've bought more expensive dresses that weren't this gorgeous on me. The lace is soft and very stretchy and with an empire style waist I'm sure this dress will look beautiful on all body types. I'm 5'5, 200 pounds with a 38DD chest size I ordered a XL and it fit like a dream.


I love this dress.


I bought it for a wedding and received a lot of comments all night


I wore a stick on bra so you couldn't see the bra through the lace in the back.


I am 5'3" and wore a pretty tall heel.


The dress had a lot of wrinkles in the package but I was able to iron it on a low setting without damage.


The dress fits close to size but was slightly loose with the zipper/ lace in the back.


I bought this dress for a formal banquet and didn't want to spend a lot on one that I probably would never wear again.  But I must say, I love this dress!  I did get size bigger (XXL) after reading other reviews and I'm glad I did. It is a little big BUT very comfortable when I'm seated.  That's main thing.  The only reason I didn't give a 5star was the sizing.


I usually wear a 14 in pants, dress was a little big on top, and a little big around waist, true to color, and pretty lace details, I love this dress, also it's long too, I'm 5 foot 8 have to wear wedges to get dress off the floor.


Not flattering on me, top didn't seem to be exactly like the picture


I thought it was more of a dark, emerald green, but it's a slightly grey dark green. Would be beautiful on a different person, but I need a bolder look. It's a very soft, gentle dress with a soft/light fabric on the bottom. Very detailed lace. I ordered a large, and it probably would've fit a 10. I'm a 6.


