I am 5'7'' and 165 pounds, usually I fit into a size 10 depending on the brand. I decided to go with the large based on the size chart and reviews and the dress fit perfectly. It was a little long without shoes but that suits my needs as I plan on wearing heels with this dress. With heels it was the perfect length. Also as other reviewers noted the top lace is very soft. There were a few threads pulled in the lace but they were easily cut and for the price I can't really complain.


I took off a star because while in the picture the front of the bodice appears opaque, it is actually more see through in person. The event I am wearing this dress to has flash photography like they do on the red carpet so we shall see how the dress is under that type of light.


Also, I took off another star because I paid extra for next day shipping and did not receive my order on time. I ordered on a Tuesday, paid for Wednesday delivery, but the item did not arrive until Thursday. My event is Saturday. The reason I paid for next day shipping is because I've never ordered a dress online before and I wanted time to order something else in case this didn't work out. Luckily it did for what I need it for, but as an Amazon Prime member I'm annoyed because essentially I paid $5.99 to receive my item within the amount of time I normally should with my membership. Money wasted.


Loved how this dress fit! Very well made and elegant. It showed up on my door step at 4pm and I had to be at the party by 6pm, I got really lucky this dress was exactly what I was looking for. Highly recommend!


This dress was perfect for my best friend's wedding! It was the perfect color and was made with much better materials than the previous dress I had purchased in this style!


Very comfortable dress, the description is just as expected.


Best dress on Amazon for last minute & nice event. Fits exactly as expected!


We got this for my mom at my sisters wedding. It was perfect and lightweight (we were on a beach).


I just got so many great complements for this dress. It does wonders to the person who ever wears it.


Just received it today. I am going wear it for Halloween[La Catrina costume] but afterwards I can wear to a wedding/date night. very beautiful, for the price even better!


It fit beautifully and the navy color is gorgeous. My daughter loves the dress. The material feels very nice and expensive and it comes at a great price. She recommends all of their dresses. Another one of their dresses was also a great fit and beautiful.


Beautiful dress


