This dress fit my daughter very nicely, and it is a lovely dress.  I did need to hem it for her since she is petite, but that was easily done.


Nice flowing dress. Fit as expected. 5ft.4 with a body of 179lbs. I ordered the XXL and it fits my body well. A little tall but with a little hem it was good.


Fits so well and hey the lace is STRETCHY up top! Made me so happy! I wear a 2/3X so I ordered the 3. I'm pretty small up top except for my arms so I usually have issues there but not with this dress! I plan on wearing it for family pictures this summer or any time I want lol.


Perfect! Such a beautiful dress. I'm 5'10" and length is perfect. I'm a 14/16 jeans and xl top. But I'm very broad shouldered/back and a 38DD/40D. I opted for the xxl since I usually have issues with zippers due to my broad shape. It fits fine but I should have gotten the xl! Roomier than expected, I was able to slip it on without even unzipping! Would like it to be tighter up top but instead of exchanging I'll add a belt to cinch it more. The lace back is so stunning, I'm in love with it. I break out on my back due to hormone imbalances so I'm self conscious of my back but this is perfect. I wear a nude bra and its not really  noticeable at all. It's very flattering. Perfect as is or you could dress it up even more with a blingy sash/belt! Hubby and friends loved it! Super comfy too. Worth every penny!! Excuse the bad lighting and angles but pics to help see fit.


I like this dress a lot.  It fit well but I don't like my arms being exposed so I returned it.


The dress I received doesn't have a deep V neckline,  it has a very high lace neckline that surrounds the neck (see pictures). It's too bad because other than that, it's very nice. I wanted to wear it to my baby shower but due to the neckline, it's a little more matronly than what I wanted.


I LOVED this dress. I got it in green and the size medium. My normal dress size is an 8 so I followed the size chart. The color is beautiful!


But...I had to return it because it was too short on me. :( I am 5'10" and needed about three more inches (I prefer my dresses to touch the floor.) I was going to wear this for a military ball in February! I would recommend this dress to anyone that is 5'8" or shorter because hemming is easier than adding length! Hope this helps!


Also when I requested a return they got back to me very quickly! :) Easy process, too!


Bought this dress in black for a concert and it's perfect - fit and length (I'm 5'7", 140lb, and ordered a small). Very comfortable. Only issue was it is VERY staticky out of the packaging - put it on fluff in the dryer with a dryer sheet and a damp towel to get out the wrinkles and static. Would highly recommend to anyone for a great dress for a great value. Looks exactly like the photo.


Fits nice with thin but good quality fabric. Only returned due to it not being my style.


Normally I wouldn't write a review but I am in LOVE with this dress! I have prime so I got it in 2 days! This dress is extremely flattering with the high waist right below the bust which I must say is my favorite type of dress because anyone can rock that and feel confident. This dress has vintage features as well as it's modern with the cute lace. It is not a super low V neck which is good for most social events. This would even make a cute bridesmaid dress! I am wearing it on Saturday as a wedding guest dress and it's perfect. I may even post pics. The quality is very good and it is very well lined and not see-through. I highly recommend this dress to anyone because I contemplated for months about buying the dress and even considered getting it for my bridesmaid's a few months ago. Needless to say it's a great dress for the price. I am 5'5 and it it perfect length especially for me to where heels. I am about 130lbs and I ordered a Medium. It fit perfect, not too snug and its definitely a comfortable dress. I might have even gotten away with ordering a Small however I don't know if that would effect the length as well as if it shrinks in the wash. I did not notice any discomfort with the lace and I was able to wear a normal bra with it without it being to noticeable.


