I wanted some nice dresses for a reasonable price for my bridesmaids to wear in my wedding. I have bridesmaids of every size so I also wanted something that would make each of them feel beautiful. I had them each order the dress just to try out, and it looks stunning on all of them! They were each able to find a size that works. The material is stretchy and excellent quality. It feels like an expensive dress! The only complaint I would have is that they all seem to be pretty long on all of my girls and most of them are of average height. The dresses have been very easy to hem though. Overall, very impressed for the price!


This dress was amazing for the price! I can't believe it was that nice! Fit perfect, I am 5'5 and the dress was very long, I wore heels but needed to hold it up all night, I would recommend getting it hemmed. I got a lot of compliments on this dress and nobody knew the price! (I am 145 lbs and 34c and large fit perfect!)


After having an awful experience with David's Bridal, I went on a search to find an alternative dress for my bridesmaids to wear. I was super hesitant to purchase a gown off of Amazon; but figured I could order one and see how we liked it before asking all of my girls to order them!


I am so glad I took a chance because these were absolutely perfect, and they saved my girls $100 each! We had them hemmed to knee-length and the dresses looked fabulous on all of the girls, who were a range of body types. One of them was even 9 months pregnant and looked beautiful in it!


I would 10/10 recommend!!!


I love this dress. I usually wear a 4/6 but ordered up because I had read so many reviews of the dresses running small. I probably should have ordered the small instead of medium because the material has a little stretch to it, but it's still cute if I add a little belt around the waist. I was really nervous about ordering on-line, but I really like this dress. It is nice quality material, and arrived very quickly.


Based on the other reviews, I decided to purchase two sizes, medium and large.


My "bust" (i hate that word) size is 36C.  And I normally wear medium size clothing.


The dress fit great everywhere except my boobs, they were squished totally smashed and flattened.


Wasn't too comfortable and I couldn't imagine being smashed like that for hours.


I moved to the large, the chest section was great.  The dress itself is a little too big, but I will manage, at least I won't be suffocated.


The material, I like the flowy feel, however, the material seems a bit cheap.  But considering the dress was only $39. I won't make too many complaints about this.  I was in jam an needed a red dress quickly.


Lastly, the color.  Online the dress appears to be a deep red, almost burgundy-ish.  The dress is more of a bright red.


For me this will do.  The event I am attending has a very bright colorful theme, so this particular red will definitely stand out.


My bridesmaids selected this dress for my wedding and they were great. They were flattering to their different body types, they looked even nicer than the dresses they tried on at a bridal shop, and they fit pretty well. The only issue was they were a little long, but that was easily fixed as it's a simple hem. Dresses from bridal stores typically need hem alterations anyway so this was an expected thing. Even if you don't sew, and have to pay for alterations, it's still well worth the cost savings that you get from this dress.


Wow! That's pretty much it lol this dress was super cheap and it's beautiful! I'm a vocal major and am constantly looking for performance dresses and this was a steal. It's super flattering and the color is exactly as pictured! I'm 5'3" and 220, I ordered a XXL.


This dress looks and fit exactly as the picture. I'm 5'9" and it looks awesome in flats. This was a dress for an event I had planned and had to dress up for. Perfect in every way! The quality, fit, and price.


Ordered these for my bridesmaids three days before our wedding. Fit true to the measurements listed. Prefect for our big day!


Absolutely love this dress and I'm so happy with how it looks. The only thing keeping it from a 5 star is the fabric over the chest area is very sheer and I'm worried about my bra showing through in certain lighting but I think it will be fine. I will deffinetly buy another dress from them!


