The dress is pretty, but the hem is varying lengths.  It's just not an issue of the front of the dress being longer than the back, it's that no part of the hem is the same length.  The fabric is made of a wonderful stretch material, but the top bust area is not the same size as the rest of the dress.


Beautiful dress, great price.


Fits amazing!!


Bought this dress a month before I needed to wear it. A little loose when I first tried it on... I was 27 weeks pregnant. Wore it at 31 weeks and it fit perfect. The length was a little long for being 5'4 even with heels but didn't drag tremdously. Was comfortable and flowed nicely. Only thing I wished it had were cup liners since the back is see through but I just ended up taping myself which worked out.


Good


Great looking dress!  Ordered a size up, and fits perfect!


This is a nice modest and comfortable dress. I got the navy blue and it's lovely. I love the back it makes he dress, but I honestly thought the lace would come down a bit lower on the body, it's still a nice touch if you like lace. I got a large based on my measurements and fit is as expected. If you get the Large be aware it is more empire waist then where it falls on the model. I am 5' 4" and the dress is about an inch longer on the floor with no shoes- which I thought was going to be a lot longer. Saves me from hemming :)  The material is on the thicker side and seems prone to static. I am trying to figure out the best way to get rid of the chiffon like fabric's small deep wrinkle in the front....maybe a light ironing? This says to hand wash but I put in the washer inside out and alone on gentle cycle with no problems. Overall I really like the dress and I feel good in it. It is more on the casual side FYI


Loved!


Great dress especially for the price!


I bought the green dress and it is beautiful. Glad I read some of the other reviews. I am usually a XL or 1X but glad I bought the 3X probably can get away with 2X but was worried about fit in chest. Go bigger than you would normally, like in all formal wear.  Lace is very soft and stretchy. I will be very comfortable at my son's wedding. Oh it doesn't plunge as far down as shown in pictures and I'm glad for that. Or they just pushed the models chest up.


