My daughter is tall, so the length was just right.  However the dress looks nothing lilke the photo.  She has a similar build as the model, but once putting the dress on, it was very unflattering.  We returned it.


when i ordered this dress, the color i got was red and it was on sale for $9.99. honestly i was expecting to open up a dress for a barbie doll. the dress was flattering and beautiful.


I like the dress. It's a bit too long for me. But it is better than I expected. It fit me quite well, but my problem was that I cannot wear it without a bra and it is a see through on the back.


Awesome dress! It’s stretchy and fits beautifully and comfortably. Love it!


Note: Because the lace material in the back is completely see-through (as shown in the pictures) and the material in the front is pretty see-through and doesn’t have any kind of chest support, you may want to find some kind of padding or cover to wear in place of a bra. But that is literally my only complaint. I’m very happy with this dress.


Very pretty and a great price, on my daughter that I ordered it for, though, the top part looked too much like a slip. Kind of gave the effect that she had on lingerie. Not the effect she was going for, so we're returning it. It fit perfectly, and was good quality fabric, just not the look she wanted.


I am still heated that I paid extra to ensure my dress would arrive on time, and it came the day AFTER I needed it instead of the day BEFORE. Otherwise, this dress would have gotten 5 stars. The dress is beautiful, fits a little large so I will order a size smaller next time, but this dress would have been PERFECT for the event I ordered it for.


I love this dress for the price. It’s long for me - I’m 5’2”. It does feel somewhat cheap but again, it’s not an expensive dress! The zipper is probably the worst part - definitely hard to zip on your own. I would buy it again!


I have searched everywhere for a dress that would fit me nicely and flatter my body. I the more I searched in stores like JCP, Sears and any where else the more I felt bad about the way I am built but this dress made me love every single part of me. It fits just right and looks elegant, it's light weight and flowy and at a very good price. I'm definitely purchasing more from Miusol!! Oh, I ordered the two day shipping and it arrived sooner than expected I couldn't have been more than!


Beautiful dress but was returned. It was meant for my 15 year old daughter and she wanted something a little higher in the front


This was so huge and misshapen! I wouldn't suggest buying this, but if you do, size down about 2 sizes at least!


