Love this dress!!! I bought it for a wedding I was in, and besides being a little too long (I expected that), it fit really well. The back is beautiful and I got a lot of compliments on the dress! A lot of people were very surprised that I got my bridesmaid's dress from Amazon for about $30. I took a leap of faith in ordering a dress online without trying it on first, but I was not disappointed! Highly recommend!


*One thing to note about this product is that in the pictures, the dress looks a bit purple-ish, but in reality it is a deep navy.


I liked it! I would order again. I only returned it because it wasn't formal enough for the event I was going to and I didn't have the correct undergarments for it (lace back).  I returned it to get something more formal. I would have had to get it hemmed too. I am 5 foot 4 for reference.


This is absolutely gorgeous. I got the XXL and it is a snug, but comfortable, fit. My measurements are 48"-42"-50" (B-W-H) and so I'm not quite sure what to think of their sizing chart, as I'm WELL outside it. But I read the reviews and found other women my size who also posted pictures and looked great, so I crossed my fingers and was pleasantly surprised. Very long though. I've noticed that a ton of people mention having to get it hemmed, so I guess that isn't a surprise. Some people said that they just went braless because of the lace back, but that really wasn't an option for me. I eventually settled on 'Nippies Skin ORIGINAL Hypoallergenic Nipple Covers Pasties with ADHESIVE CREME COLOR' and they work perfectly. (I never thought I'd ever be the sort to buy/wear pasties, so that was an interesting experience in and of itself.)


I loved this product! The dress fit very nicely. Im a bit busty, so I was worried that it would not fit well. But the material felt very comfortable.


I bought it for a halloween costume.


Pros:


The dress is very well made.  The lace does't feel cheap, and the hems are properly sewn.  Excellent value for the price.  I am a 38D around 160 lbs. so I ordered the large.  It fits perfectly.  I would recommend getting a backless bra because you will be able to see it through the lace.


Cons:


THIS IS NOT THE DRESS THAT IS PICTURED.  The neck line is less of a V and more of a swoop.  The waist is MUCH higher than anticipated,  the bottom comes just below the breast line, as opposed to the middle of the stomach as pictured.  Makes for a much different design.  I ordered the dress in navy, and is much, much darker than expected, almost black.


Overall:


Fits as expected and is a great quality, but if you are in love with the dress as pictured you will be disappointed.  Will be adding photos later.


Absolutely beautiful dress but the color is not as shown in the picture. I ordered green as it looked like bottle green in the picture, but what I received was a dull green. The dress fits perfectly and looks very beautiful.


Never ordered clothes off Amazon but I saw the reviews and I'm glad I did! Wearing it to a wedding next month and my one year anniversary. Green color same as the picture. The lace is stretchy. The bottom is like a chiffon but also with a little stretch. I am 5 6 and the length is perfect for a small heel or even no heel at all. Im usually  between and medium and large, I got the large. Probably could have sized down but it would have been too tight for comfort. I'm a 36C. My measurements are 38 Bust, 30 Waist, and 41 Hips, so yea kinda curvy. Large offers some extra room also and not tight through the hips which is a main problem for me in any dress.


I ordered this because I was looking for a dress for my daughter's wedding. The color is beautiful and the dress itself is lovely. Quality is pretty good. However, it's VERY long (I am 5' 2") and I didn't love the way the bodice fit on me - the band hit me right under the breasts and it just wasn't flattering. Will be returning. But it is a very pretty dress!


Bought this as a bridesmaids dress for a friends wedding.  We were all VERY different shapes and sizes and it looked amazing on all of us.  Even better, a month later my mom wore it to my wedding! I don't think there is anyone alive that this dress wouldn't look dreamy on!


I bought this dress for my Senior Photo shoot and I absolutely love it! It is extremely comfortable and flattering. After reading the reviews before I bought it, I was aware that the waistline is higher than in the photo but the dress is still wonderful! I am 5'10 and 150 lbs and I ordered a small because I have a smaller torso and upper body in general. If you order the dress, the most important measurement is your bust and shoulders (and arms) because the higher waistline gives you more room underneath the bust, and the lace part of the dress doesn't give much room to stretch! Hope this helps!


