love this dress!!! the lace is beautiful and it has an amazing flow to it. Finding a bra to go with it is tough but definetly worth the trouble.


This dress was a smashing success. The dress fits perfectly but is very long. A CLASSIC and beautiful dress. The sweetheart cut with full lace back is flattering and gorgeous. This dress was perfect for a black tie event. Be mindful that the under layer is cotton therefore it was full of static- a quck fix.


Great dress that I know I will wear again.


I was a little nervous about this dress for my bridesmaids, but it is beautiful! The top is lace and the bottom is nice and dressy. It is a little long, but not too hard to fix! I think my bm's will look amazing! I received the dress in 2 days using Prime. I will try to remember to post actual pictures!


Ugly in person


Love this dress! Higher quality than expected for price. Size 24 at bridal shops ordered 3x works perfect.


Great dress. It fits and is very flattering. I got this dress for a wedding I will be attending later this year. I ordered a large and I am a 36DDD,180lbs, and 5ft 4in and I have no problem fitting in this dress. It fits perfectly and is so comfortable.


Fits perfect! Very impressed. I ordered a size larger just to assure it would fit because I'm under time restraints.


Gorgeous! Accents a women's greater assets with proper coverage and flattery.  I'm 5.9 and the length is perfect, long enough for heels. I love the blue, very pretty. I'm going to wear with nude color bra so straps aren't visible and still have proper support.


Very impressive and a steal of a bargain.


Loved the dress... good fit. I am 5.4 and it was a bit longer for me but manageable with heels.


This dress is so beautiful in its simplicity. It fits so well, it's so comfy, and so flattering. I spent an afternoon trying on dresses at stores and ultimately decided to order this one because of the price. So glad I did.


This dress is so gorgeous! It fits very well and is flattering on many different shapes and sizes. I am a curvy woman and it fits well.


