Bought for my daughter she loves it


These dresses are absolutely beautiful. I ordered them for my bridesmaids for our wedding and I am thinking I might need one in green just for myself. The quality is amazing for the price and with all the different shapes and sizes of my girls every one looks amazing.


Only negative is the that the bust line is not that low. I'm a 34C and I have not cleavage in this dress( which is okay, but not expected, since this was worn to a formal event). I purchased a large and the collar in just below my collar bone. Pretty dress and very good quality for the price. Also the waist isn't as tapered, I had to add a belt or ribbon to synch in the waist like to give myself a more flattering figure.


Quite nice,  zipper sticks a little and I did order one size larger than normal and it fitted me perfectly.  I am 5 ft 11 in tall and it was nice and long.


Material is soft. It fits as expected. I was worried about the length, but I'm 5'8' and it's even a little long! I would absolutely recommend! I'm even thinking about buying it in other colors because it's so inexpensive.


We ordered two of these, both size small for my daughter's bridesmaids and are very pleased. The fit was great and hemming one dress for length should be no problem (We expected this, she's very petite.) Very good quality for the price, no loose threads or gaps in seams.


Be aware that the top is lace and can be sheer when held up to the light.


Runs small and zipper is so cheaply made that its hard to zip.


In the photos this dress looks really nice but the fabric is course wrinkles easily and just doesn't look good. The seams are questionable, and the lace is itchy. I did get what I paid for though. Also this round quite large. I needed at least 2 inches taken off pretty much everywhere. The sizing chart must be wrong.


Purchased this to wear as bridesmaid dress. From my measurements I went with a large but was a lil big so returned for a medium and fit perfectly except length is very long I'm 5'3 I had to have hemmed but worth it beautiful dress can't wait to wear in August


looks exactly like picture.


