Wore as my Mother of the groom dress. Paired it up with the Elegant Emerald Green W/ Lime Green Accents V-Shaped Garland Bridesmaid Evening Necklace Set, I got tons of compliments. This dress is comfortable and looked great. I am wearing the red one next month and have ordered the blue as well!


Gorgeous dress, but runs quite big and is also very long. If you're under 5'5", it will need hemmed. Bought it last minute so didn't have a chance to do that, and kept tripping on it despite three inch heels.


Wish it were offered in an extra-small. Navy was beautiful and true to color. The lace is soft and pretty.


The style of the dress is great for multiple body types. I am a size 12/14 and the XL fit perfectly. The waist is high as other reviews stated, so I paired with a belt. The color was a deep beautiful green. I got many compliments.


This dress isn't completely terrible... But it definitely looks like a glorified night gown. It does not cinch at the waist like it shows in the picture. It would definitely make for a great maternity dress.. this didn't meet my needs for wanting a nice, classy formal dress. I am also 5'6 and it was super long on me.


This was an amazing dress for my bridesmaids! It is a cheap alternative without the dresses actually looking cheap. I love them and cannot wait to see them all in it for my wedding!


Purchased based on reviews, no regrets. Recieved so many compliments wearing this dress at my choir's concert. I conducted and played piano and felt free to move, elegant, etc. The black dress I purchased is a perfect go-to for any formal musician and I will wear it again. As suggested in another review, I purchased mine based on bust size, using the chart provided. I am 5'6" 140lbs. The length was perfect for me with or without heels. Just drags on the floor more than I'd like without heels. Very elegant. I found a plunge/backless/strapless bra at Target that worked very well for me. I highly recommend this dress. My only negative is that smoothing out creases seems impossible. It would be nice if it was packaged to avoid as much creasing.


I bought it for ny pregnancy photo shoot.


Pros:


Beautiful color (bought red one)


Very good material


The flow of the dress is really nice!


Looks fabulous


Perfect fit!


Cons:


Absolutely nothing!


Value for money.


This dress is amazingly comfortable.  Like what others feedback, its a little higher on the waist part compared to the picture, more empire look so I paired it with a gold belt. The fit is perfect, I wear size 14 and ordered size XL. The shipping was also really fast.


This is a beautiful dress, I picked this dress for the bridesmaid and so happy, its truly flattering on all body types. very light and flowy, im 5'5 and it touches the floor I would say about 2 inches too long, but with heels it will be ok.


Looks nice in picture.  I thought it was very cheaply made.  Returned immediately.


