The dress is beautiful.  I wish I had known it ran as small as it did.  About two sizes too small, especially in the bust area.


This dress is lovely! I'm 5'4", and the dress goes down to my ankles. The fit is true to size, and the elastic band is very accommodating to my waistline. The buttons are functional (which makes it a great breastfeeding dress). Thank you for the great order. I will likely purchase more colors in the future!


I was worried the extra large wouldn't fit when I read the size charts as I have 38 bust and 44 hips.....but it fit fine and the waist wasn't tight at all.  I wear a size 12 so found it strange to have to order xl......The fabric is nice and didn't wrinkle too much in my suitcase


Very cute dress!  It runs a little small, I'm going to exchange it for a size medium, but it is a very good quality and a "flowy" fabric, just what I wanted.


beautiful dresses I bought 2. impossible to get the wrinkles out. Very see-through needs a full slip or Cami & a slip. it does have an extra piece of cloth behind the buttons so if your chest pulls the buttons open a little there's a piece of cloth that keeps it from revealing a peekaboo


The dress is exactly what I wanted. I'm 5'5", have an average build, a larger bust, and a medium fit perfectly. It's long enough to wear heels, but not too long to wear sandals. My only complaint is that it doesn't have pockets!


Really pretty dress and decent quality for the price.  I took other poster's advice since I am 5'10" 163 lbs 36DD and sized up.  I usually wear a medium in tops but the large dress I ordered was too big.  I am very small waisted and have small shoulders so it felt like I was swimming in it.  I like it enough I will probably exchange for the medium.


Great material,,and beautiful dress but go size up I'm usually size small but after reading reviews went size up to medium i am 130 pounds and height 5'3 and it's perfect!!


This dress is adorable, but it isn’t made for large busts. The button holes are elastic and stretch out, making it look very tacky. I’ll be returning it.


loved the fabric but too small through bust and gathering was up into the bust area so i had to return it


