My boyfriend bought this for me and while I love how light and flowy it was (perfect length too, just grazing the floor), I didn't like the top.  The shoulders were too pointy for me.  The cleavage was also more closed off than the V neck I had seen in other reviewers pictures.  Maybe it's just different body types but the top looked matronly on me.  I'm 5'6, 34D and got the medium mint and floral pattern.  If I could have this dress cut with a sweetheart neckline and no sleeves it probably would have been my new favorite outfit.  The cost of the dress plus tailoring wasn't worth it for me though so we returned it.  Very pretty print though, and you do feel very swooshy when you walk!


Totally and completely OBSESSED!! Having a larger chest makes it hard to find dresses that fit properly but this one is amazing. I purchased the color that's in the main photo. I love it so much!


When I first put this dress on I really liked it, but then I noticed some strange things that I don't really see other reviews complain about.


- The dress length is not consistent. It's shorter on the sides and longer in the front and back. This looks kind of strange. I would prefer the length to be even all around. I'm not sure if I just got a bad dress.


- The button loops are really stretchy. Which seems fine at first when you put it on, but then I realized that the fabric doesn't stretch so when you move the button loops stretch so far that it creates a large gap where you can see everything under the dress. Button loops should never be this stretchy they were like loose rubber bands  that you would typically saw into fabric to give it shape. This was the biggest problem for me. If the button loops were rigid I would have kept the dress


Get a lots of compliments at my baby's shower


I'm 5'3" now 142lbs 34 wks pregnant.


It flows so well, with a soothing yet striking design, and surprisingly soft material to brush against the skin. I fee very comfortable in it. The skirt of the dress has enough material that my legs even manage to keep warm in a relatively drafty house, but it is thin fabric, so don't expect to wear contrasting colored underwear and it not be painfully noticeable with sunlght/backlight (because it's damn near see-through in some lighting). It fit me perfectly. I don't even need to unbutton the front to get in and out, but it's great fun to experiment with how many buttons I can get away with unfastening and how it affects the flow of the garment as I walk.


I'm in love with this dress. Super girly, fits comfortably and it's kinda Long but that's what it makes it so beautiful. I get so many compliments and my boyfriend just loves it which is not normal :)


Love this dress!!! 7 months pregnant and fits great! Excited to wear it post pregnancy!


looks just like the picture. pretty well made. light fabric for a light feel. over all it's really beautiful.


i just have two things: not for big boobs (for some reason the button loops are stretchy) and it's definitely see-through.


Best dress I've ever purchased anywhere. Its exactly like the picture and the dress flows something amazing. Its very light material but not see through. You'll turn heads guaranteed.


I ordered the XXL to be on the safe side, as I had read several reviews speaking of running small. I needed this for a last minute party and didn't want to take a chance that it wouldn't fit.  I am 5'3" and weigh 160 lbs. This fit perfectly! I received SO many compliments on the dress. It was long, flowy, and soft! It did arrive wrinkled, but given the styling, it really didn't matter- just looked like it should have been that way! Very pleased with this purchase for the money spent!


