Very cute to be dressed up or dressed down. I paired it with cowboy boots for a summer wedding and it was perfect.


I love this dress! Its so comfortable and breezy. I am 7 months pregnant and bought this for my baby shower. Its perfect to grow into, even at 9 months there will be plenty of room. I ordered a large and I am 5'6", 150 pre pregnancy and about 170 now.


Beautiful! Great value for the price - order a size (or two) larger than you would normally.


Great dress! The material is very comfortable and the elastic waistband adds shape. I got the orange and I love it! Such a fun summer/ spring dress. I am 5'5" 125lbs, I ordered a small and the dress almost touches the floor. I think XS would also fit well since the elastic is so forgiving.


Had to return it... the size small was HUGE! I thought about getting it taken in but the front is only held together by flimsy buttons so it would basically need a quality control overhaul. But the color and pattern are nice.


This is a lovely dress! I wore it for the first time yesterday and received so many compliments. It's fun to wear... just be aware of how much fabric it includes... I shut it in my car door ;)


I'm a true medium. Ordered a small on the basis of previous reviews and small fits me well. Love the dress its breathable and light. Middle part has all buttons till the bottom. They tend to spread out when you sit & exposing. I stitched it from top to bottom at the button line. Have ordered one in different color.


Its a beautiful dress love the color But I have to return it as the button holes are broken and thread is coming out of the side of the dress but I will be getting another to replace it


Fit was more perfect than I thought it would be! I'll be getting more. I bought it for a trip and it was amazing! It was super windy in the picture


I am 160lbs, 5'0" and a large was great. A little long, but I'm used to that- being 5ft 0. With a nice pair of wedges, dress worked out perfectly.


