This dress is so pretty, BUT, make sure you are pretty tall before ordering it! I am 5'3" and it was about a foot too long on me! I was sad that I had to return it but would never take it to get tailored so had to return it.


Comfortable and beautiful!


Lovely colour and pattern - I have had many compliments. I think it shrank a little after I first washed it (strange because I washed it in cold water and air dried it on a clothes rack), so the hem seems a bit shorter now, but it still looks great. Nice and floaty and airy for a hot day.


This dress was made for flat bosom woman so I gave to granddaughter who wears an extra small. I was really disappointed as I have not bought a new garment for myself in quiet a while.


Love this dress! Flows very nicely, beautiful and flattering cut and drape (the fabric has a nice weight to it that makes it move in a very feminine way). The fabric is not see-through, but it quite light. The only thing I don't like are the teeny, tiny stretchy loops used to button it up the front. They are difficult to manage, and I'm concerned that they will quickly stretch out. I'm 5'4" and the dress touches the ground without wearing shoes.


I received the dress in a timely manner. It is so beautiful. Fit is really nice. A little long so I need to get it hemmed. I will be purchasing more in the future.


I returned this dress. Length wise it was perfect on me, I'm 5'4" and it just touched the top of my feet. However, if you're busty it will not close correctly on the top, and the arms were very tight on me.


Nice for the price.  However, I am not sure how well the elastic button loops will last without stretching.  Button holes would have been a better choice.


Nice dress! Love the buttons in the front and it is very flowy. I will probably order another color in the future.


The dress is beautiful and decently made for the price. I've received many compliments. It does have a lot of buttons which can be a hassle, and the tie is strangely located inside the dress. Honestly, I cut the ties off since I liked the dress without. Excellent dress.


