Beautiful dress! But if you’re blessed in the chest, these buttons are NOT your friend. So disappointed because that’s the only part that is a little too snug, ordering a size up would be a mistake


I bought the extra large (I'm 5 ft 8 in at 155 lbs) because I have wide shoulders and appreciate room to move. Nice lines still show a waistline. The red is gorgeous. It came already buttoned and was easy to slip over my head and still look fitted. Soft soft soft. Dress it up or toss on sandles and a hat. My favorite out of the three I bought on the same day. Also it hits just above my ankles. Perfect.


love the dress.  Fits well.  I wear a size 4 and ordered a size small and it fit as expected.  The dress hangs well.  The V Neck is not too low or revealing.  I received many compliments when I first wore it.  It does require some ironing.


Love this dress! I purchased it in two colors! The first was a long sleeved, black floral large but it was Just a little bit roomy so I got the second in a short sleeve, green medium and it’s perfect! I’m 160lbs 36C usually a size 10


I love this dress, its so pretty. Its my 5th one from this brand and they never fail me. People give me compliments all the time. I am 5’4 and I always get the medium. Some can be slightly see through but the red one is not.


It's a great dress, and I get compliments on it all the time. I ordered a size large, and am about 5'6" 160lbs.


I'm 5'8. 190. XXL fits perfectly.  Just received today.  It's absolutely beautiful and comfortable.  Perfect for beach.  Light and airy and comfortable. I am soooo pleased with this purchase.  Just went online to purchase in a second color.


I really liked this dress. It fit really well and was very comfortable. But I had to send it back and re-order it. The hem line was completely off (one side touched the floor and the other was above my ankles) Lets hope the next one I get has a proper hem line


I love this dress and get so many compliments every time I wear it. It’s super flowy and fits great. Even makes a great beach cover up. Very curvy girl friendly. I’m 5’6” about 220lbs and wear a size 14 and I ordered the XL. I will be ordering more I just wish they had more patterns and weren’t mostly florals.


If u find this review helpful please mark it as so.


I was a bit skeptical about ordering dresses from Amazon. I love wearing colorful printed stuff for summer so I decided to order this one. It's beautiful and fits great. The fabric is so light and flowy. I got so many compliments and I shared this seller with my friends too. I'll order other prints too.


