I bought the green short sleeve dress, tried it on yesterday and so far I love it! Only four stars because the fabric appears to be a bit see through in the skirt and wearing a slip sucks. I will update my review if needed once I wear the dress and actually leave the house (some things you don't realize until you're doing more than trying it on).


I'm 5'7" currently 154 lbs and a 36D. The large fits wonderfully. It is a little loose in the waste but in a flattering manner that I prefer and fits well in the bust with an unlined bra (no padding) so I won't be sizing down to a medium. The cord that ties the dress is decorative only, so if you're hoping to size up and pull a draw string to tighten the waste don't. If I happen to loose weight before the wedding I'm attending I'll look into possibly having it altered.


I like the cut of the neckline in the floral green because it's still flattering and a little sexy but it's not so low that I'd get dirty looks for wearing it in church or around more conservative family members.


Be careful because different colors in this dress have different cuts!


It's ok. Pretty fabric and style. I am 5'7'', 200 pounds, and ordered an XL. The sleeves have a little "poof" on the shoulders. These sleeves are very 90's looking, and I could do without them. The dress has a fun, springy, feminine feel when wearing it. One of the buttons was missing on my dress, and the sleeves were a bit tight for me, but I have fat arms so that's not the dresses' problem. I got lots of compliments and will wear it again, I just wish it didn't wrinkle so easily after washing and had that missing button.


I ordered this dress a couple of days ago and received it today. I am SO happy with it, I am getting ready to order a couple more, I want one in each print!


The dress is surprisingly well made and the material feels light and cool, the dress is very flowy and flattering. It irons very easily which for me is a plus since I hate ironing.


I am 5'7" and 155 lbs, 34 B and ordered a Medium. It fits perfectly although it comes right above the ankle. I really wish it was a couple of inches longer but the length is not a deal breaker for me.


Absokutely recommend this dress, it is so flattering and comfortable! Can't wait to get it in other prints too!


Love the dress, but from reading reviews everyone said if you were top heavy to go a size up.  Well I did that and found out I should have just gone with the large.  It is a bit large in bust area and is large around the gathering underneath the bust.  I am 36DD and should have just gotten the large rather than the X-large.  Beautiful dress and beautiful color.  I can make it work, but for those reading reviews if your 36DD the large will work, won't be too small in bust area.


User's review (mint, short-sleeves):


Sizing: I'm a U.S. 10/12 with a (very) full 36D and just couldn't get a decent idea of which size to order, all the reviews were so varied. (A size 10 said the XXL was too small even before washing/shrinkage, then someone else said they ordered their regular U.S. size according to the chart and it was fine.) Knowing that rayon shrinks at least one size after the first wash (no matter the water temp), and that this wasn't coming from nor manufactured in the U.S., I took a stab in the dark and ordered WAY up to an XXL...and it's perfect after washing! I'm 5'5" and it sweeps the ground, so a wedge (or hemming) is a must for me. There is elastic all the way around under the bust, so I think that at least offers some wiggle room on sizing as well.


General: I expected the colors to be nice, but I did not expect them to be SO VIBRANT. Honestly, I just stared at the fabric for about 6 minutes, so pleased with everything about it. This is my favorite combination of colors and flowers, like it was made for me. I couldn't be happier. The button "holes" are actually elastic loops that stretch around the button, which makes me feel really secure that nothing is going to pop open. (I have some rayon blouses that are so soft, the buttons can just slip right out of the button holes then, all of a sudden, I'm flashing strangers. And not even getting paid for it.) They're a bit of a pain to fasten/unfasten, but they don't really need to be messed with, you can throw this on/take it off over your head. The sleeves have the slightest bit of puff to add visual interest (and they are not too tight across my upper arms, which can happen occasionally) and the light pleating at the front shoulder seam also takes it one step further. The quality is above what I expected, I've had nothing but bad luck with clothes from Amazon, so this was a nice surprise.


The one odd thing: there is a "drawstring" cord that is non-functional and just attached randomly, about 2 button holes below the empire waist, which sets it pretty much in the middle of your torso. (You may be able to zoom in on a photo and see this.) Fortunately, it's just 2 tiny snips to be rid of it, but it is silly. :)


The one star off: the excess fabric in the skirt. I know it lends itself to the flow and movement of this dress, but it's almost too much for such a light dress. It adds weight and a little extra warmth that I don't want in a summer dress that's already long, but it doesn't warrant a return.


-AM (product user)


I am 5'8 and a size 8.  I have a 36D chest however.  Due to this I ordered an XL.


The good:


-The dress is pretty


The bad:


-XL still won't fit my chest but was beyond huge on my body.  It looked like a moo-moo on me.  How can it not fit D boobs, but the rest of it be big enough to accommodate about 3 people taped together?


-The buttons secure by being inserted into these tiny bungee string looking holes.  Since the secures are stretchy whenever you move it basically exposes you beneath them.  Also, at the right angle people will be able to see in your dress.


-The dress is super thin...I worry how it would hold up.


I will be returning this...


I'm 5'4" with narrow shoulders and a small waist, 32D bust. I initially ordered size M, but it was too big. I replaced it with size S, and it's perfect. I wish it were 1" shorter because I like to wear it with flats, so I might get it hemmed. Right now, it skims the tops of my feet, and someone walking behind me stepped on it a few days ago. Note that, at least on my dress, the drawstring doesn't actually pull the waist tighter.


The first day I wore it, four strangers said how nice it was, and two of them asked for the purchasing details.


I bought the short-sleeved version with the red and white flower pattern. I'll probably buy the red and teal one next.


ETA: Did buy a second one. Love it just as much. Also, the dresses have, at the waist, buttons in the inside that help prevent gapping. It's hard to explain, but, if you have the dress already, take a look at the inside near the waist and you'll see two extra buttons with corresponding holes. They help give the dress a nice line.


I like almost everything about this dress. The pattern is beautiful and vibrant and looks exactly like the photos.  I got an XL and I have large shoulders for a woman, I'm a solid 14 in tops and a 36 DD and I can actually button the buttons all the way up.  (I do have to rely on the little modesty piece or whatever it is that goes underneath the buttons so if they do gape you can't tell, but still this is unusual for me.) The shoulders fit really nicely and the flow of the dress is nice.  I'm 5 foot 6-ish and I won't need to hem the dress but it does go almost to the floor.  It would be absolutely perfect if the elastic 'waist' was 2-6 inches lower than where it is.  It overlaps right now with the underside of my boobs, even if I wear what is basically a sports bra.  If it were 6 inches lower it would basically be a perfect dress, because then it would define my actual waist (which is lower than most).  I'm going to keep the dress but I may be adding a wide belt or somesuch to it because it almost fits like a maternity garment with being tighter on the chest and more full directly below.  I know some people said it was wrinkly, which it was, but it was folded in the bag nicely and it's nothing my steamer can't fix.  I don't need a slip with it either (I got the green dress with the red and white flowers.).  Milumia, please make this dress with the elastic lower and I will buy it in every color!! :)


I wanted to love this so much. It was a perfect length and the material is wonderful, it felt soft and cool but not flimsy. However, I found that this dress made me look and feel "matronly". I am 5'1, 110 lbs, and small chested. I ordered the Small. I should have ordered X-Small, but I'm not totally sure that would even be enough to change how I felt in it. If the dress had fit more snugly up top, with fitted sleeves rather than loose sleeves (or no sleeves at all as my husband suggested) then I might've kept this. Unfortunately I am returning it.


I ordered it based on that pretty blonde girl's review and photo, and that was my mistake.


I'm 5'7" and weigh 139 lbs. I ordered this in a large. I usually wear a medium (size 10), but I followed the size chart measurements and decided to order it in a large, and I'm glad I did. It fits me perfectly. The length hits me just at my ankles....I can wear flats or heels. You will need a slip. Perfect dress for church or wedding.


