I like this dress.  I think the neckline is too wide and low but otherwise I really like the dress


As someone that's really pregnant, I was having a hard time finding a dress that'll make me look and feel good. Especially to a few events where I needed to look and feel good. I bought this dress thinking it'll be a good backup dress but I ended up wearing it A few times already. To both events and a day out in town. I get stopped on the street and asked where I bought the dress and had people compliment me on the dress left and right! I love the flowy-Ness of it and makes my pregnant belly (32+ weeks) look beautiful. Super happy with the dress!


Too small and there are two string that are randomly placed at the bust that do nothing and face the inside... not sure about that. Fits tight in the arms and bust, very pretty floral print. Buttons are closed with elastic buttons so it makes it look cheap - very disappointing


So disappointed!  Large hole around the waistband. Dress was a birthday gift and missed the return deadline so I can't return our exchange. Other reviews mentioned holes in fabric but I hoped the problem was just a fluke. Nope.  Dress looks cute but damaged.


The fit is a bit snug. I am a medium to large and ordered a large (XL was out of stock). The large is a bit snug at the chest. The length and color are as advertised and the fabric is nice. I recommend ordering a size or two up for the right fit. My dress needs ironing.


This ran small considering, I ordered up.  It's soft and pretty, but I can't close it in front and if you (like me) have a few extra lbs., it's not very flattering.  I suspect this looks great on tall and slender.


I love the dress however it is somewhat small in the bust. It gaps where the buttons are. If you are small busted, it would be perfect, but I am not, so I may have to squish into an athletic bra to wear this. The rest of the dress fit perfectly.


I was very sad to return it beautiful light air fit well every where but the bust line much to small I am a 36DD no way to work it but would look stunning for any event


Comfy, beautify dress; received multiple compliments on it. Ropes snag easily and pull off, dress is fine without them as they serve a decorative purpose only. Large busted women - the buttons do pull across the bosom. I pinned mine and they are fine, no one notices.


Not flattering at all. It was just too saggy looking, and way too long. It looked like it was very poorly made. Threads were aiming out from everywhere. Was really looking forward to wearing it this summer but I had to return it.


