Love it, but after 2 short wearings I can already tell I need to keep a sharp watch on the buttons. They can pop open easily. Plenty of them to prevent any major gap but if a bunch in a row got together with some thievery... airing open could be a thing.


This dress is so comfortable and feminine. I bought the patchwork color in large, and it fit perfectly. I usually wear a medium to large. I wear it with a matching tank because it is a little low in the front. It needs a slip. I plan to buy another different color.


Personally felt it was cheaply made. Obviously for the price you’re not expecting too much but you can find better quality at forever 21 these days. The buttons seemed like they would be a pain to maintain considering the quality. I returned the dress.


I love this dress! It fits great and the quality is really good.


Love this dress! Exactly what I wanted- light and breezy material with a lovely flowy skirt. It's the perfect dress to throw on in the hot AZ spring and summers, and the fabric is not see through so I don't have to worry about additional layers (a lifesaver here). I'm 5'9 and 145 lbs and got the medium, which was exactly the fit I was looking for. If you're looking for a more form fitting dress I'd suggest looking at different styles, this one fits around the natural waist nicely but it is a more loosely styled dress so keep that in mind. It's not a true maxi as the dress hem swings around my ankles and shin area (maxi's I prefer to brush the floor) but that's just the style of the dress, and the flowiness of the skirt makes up for it. I love it- it's so comfortable!


This dress is great. It fit nicely and was so comfortable. Based on the reviews, I originally sized up and got a medium but it was too big and I had to return it and buy a small. The small fit much better but was still on the looser side. The fabric was a little bit sheer as well so I wore a slip underneath it. Overall, good buy. I ended up wearing it to a wedding and it was a perfect day to evening dress.


I ordered and extra small and received a small. My friend was here with me at our vacation house and she is 5'11 150 pounds and it fit her. beautifully. I can't send it back so I gave it to her. Just disappointed. I'm 5'6 and 110 pounds so it probably wouldn't fit if it was extra small anyway. Guess I'll never know.


Love, love, love this sexy dress!!!!


Love this dress. The material is really flowing. Fit is great, pattern is pretty too. The only thing that's wrong with it is the hem. It's a bit long and the hem is somewhat crooked. Nothing that I can't fix because I can sew, but I'll have to get someone to pin it up since it's one of those really full skirts and since it's crooked, it would be difficult to do alone. Overall, I'm glad I purchased it.


I wear a 10/12 dress and this fit is great. ~150lbs, 5'3"


I got so many compliments on this dress.  I ordered this dress as a last minute Easter dress (I work in a church) and it was perfect.  A little modest but there were slits on both sides and made it super easy to walk fast and up and down stairs.  I wore it with flat sandals and it was right to the ground.  It was a tad see-through so wear nude underwear but other than that, people were telling me how pretty this dress was for hours.  Super impressed.


