This dress is so cute! Absolutely perfect for spring and summer. I just wore it to a graduation party and got so many compliments! It fits almost perfectly, I'm pretty short so it's kind of long but not a problem if I wear wedges! This review is for the light green shirt sleeve dress... I also bought the longer sleeved navy and green one and this is super adorable too! Because it is so long it seems a bit more formal, but it will be perfect for a wedding I'm going to this summer!


International sizes; they run way too small, especially in the chest. I know this from previous orders so I ordered 2 sizes up but the dress still wouldn't button up.


Should have bought a medium instead of large. Will return. Very nice dress. quality is good, nicely made and arrived on time.


Very pretty dress! Flattering fit. Size chart by seller is accurate! I'm 5'5" and the dress is longer than I would like bec I don't wear heels but I still love the dress! Great quality too!


The dress fits perfectly no doubt. Perfect for summer. You need to have some confidence with this dress cause it will wash you out otherwise. I ordered a Medium and it fits true to size.


I love this dress, it is a little small in the arms but my arms are big and it still fits. Will be getting another.


Beautiful dress! I'm 5'7" and 140 lbs. This dress is flattering and colorful. I've bought several dresses from Milumia and have not been disappointed.


Meh, the fit was quite big, and there is so much material that you can't see the cut in the front, plus the colors for this one were BRIGHT and neon not muted.  I'll probably return.  Good quality of the dress tho, fit nicely up top (I'm 5'7 and 140 and got a Medium)  Get a size down!


Loose fitting maxi dress, very comfortable. I ordered a medium and it's plenty roomy. True to size and maybe a bit bigger. Cottony crisp feel. I'll warn you that it wrinkles easily during wear because of so much material.  I honestly got this as an easy piece to throw on the same as I would sweats but try to appear to have made more effort. I've worn it twice and both times received so many compliments.


I do love this dress but because I am only 5'3" I will have to hem the bottom of it before I wear it!  It makes me feel very feminine!  Lovely pattern also!


