Pretty dress.. nice and flowly but it's super loose everywhere except the chest area. Sits way too high at the empire sewn area. Guess if you have no boobies you'll maybe be ok, but then the overall dress itself will probably be too big if you're generally smaller overall.


I had to do some alteration because I am a little short, I am 120lbs, 4'10 tall and ordered M, but I wish I ordered S. The waist area is stretchable so SMALL sie could have been better. But still looks good though. Very flowy and comfortable~ Husband loves it! Will be wearing it for our cruise to mexico!!!! Will look good on some pair of dress sandals and some summer hat!


This dress is so comfy, flowy, and flattering that after I ordered it, I went right back online and ordered another in a different pattern!


I'm 4'11 120lbs and ordered a small and it fits perfectly! There's a tiny bit of pulling at the chest but there's fabric under the buttons to keep everything covered. It does shrink a little bit after washing which was great since it was maybe a half inch longer in the back than I wanted. It maybe a little too short for taller ladies.


This dress was so comfortable and attractive!. I wore it to my son's wedding and received a lot compliments.  I was worried it would be too thin, but it wasn't.  I had to cut three inches off the hem, but I am 5'3", so easy surprised. Bthe skirt flows beautifully around my legs.


I wish it were a little longer (I'm about 5'7"), but its a really cute dress that will work well for Easter.


Update: I steamed the dress and hung it up for a while and it is now the perfect length. Grower not a shower.


Update! So I saw that this now comes in larger sizes, and I went bigger than I needed to to ensure it would fit over my bust, but I still had the same problem. The bust area of the dress is not long enough, so I end up with the waist extending onto my boobs. It's wearable with a belt at my natural waist, but if you look closely you can tell it doesn't fit me.


Original review:


I love this dress. It feels so airy and light weight. The fabric feels cool and smooth. Unfortunately it is not made for the larger busted. I knew it might not fit because my bust measures 42 (and the large goes up to 40) but I thought I might be ok with a sports bra or something. Using a sports bra keeps the buttons from gapping, but the stretchy waist comes up onto my boobs because there isn't enough fabric vertically to cover them.


It makes me sad to have to return this. Make it in an XL and I'll buy it in a heart beat!


This dress is so beautiful and flowy. I have gotten loads of compliments on it every time I've worn it. I'll probably buy it in more colors.  I bought based off the sizing chart measurements, which was 1 size bigger than what I wear and the dress was a little big.  But at least it wasn't too small. Next time I'll order my true size.


This dress is very flattering.  The neckline is a bit deep but one could wear a camisole under to correct that if needed.  I just bought another in a different color.


Love this comfy and pretty dress. I'm 5-2 and with high heels I kept it off the ground. I an 135 and the M fit my 36B figure nicely. I don't have a tiny waist as a middle aged woman and it hid that a bit but if you had too many pounds the buttons would pull up top. Lots of compliments!


