I ordered a size up just to be sure and of course it fit perfect. Material doesn't really stretch in the arms, so be aware. But it's nybfar my favorite summer dress!


I cannot believe the price and quality of this dress. It's flowy and romantic enough for a date but also practical enough for running errands with my toddler. I ordered a large first and it was a bit too roomy so I exchanged for a medium and it's perfect. I'm 5'5, 36" bust, 150ish pounds, athletic build.


Read the reviews and knew to order up a size.  Love the smooth flowing material.  At first it looked like it would be way too small buy it fit perfect once I got it on.  It's a little short on me but I expected that as well.  I'm 5' 11" and this dress comes down just above my ankles.


I am 6 months pregnant and want to wear cute, easy to put on and take off stretchy or flowy dresses. I have always been flat chested but since I'm preggers now, I have some cleavage and it shows nicely in this dress! It could be see-through I haven't really noticed if it was or not and honestly I don't care! The sewing job on this dress is cheaply done but I'm ok with it due to the price.


My issue isn't the size really. This is the worst made dress I've bought. The buttons have elastic loops to close. Add those to an elastic waistband and better yet - breasts - or moving and you have gaps of flesh hanging out playing peek-a-boo. NOT work appropriate at all. I had a co worker suggest I sew it closed - its just a mess of a dress. Don't waste your money. Oh, and it's an unfinished hem too just thread on the edge.


I was fairly disappointed with this dress.  It's just what I want for an outdoor summer wedding but the colors are much brighter than the photo looks and the hem was very uneven - measuring almost 2" longer on the right side at the seam.  The fabric is nice and the fit is average but I'm slightly big busted and that made it very short waisted on me.  I may order it again in another color and a size bigger to lower the waistline.  I'm 5'4 - 160 lbs & ordered the Large.


I love this dress!!! I got the red geometric pattern and it is so flattering! I ordered an XL and they sent an XXL, but it drapes really nicely so I don't mind. I am 5'4" 42D and I love the fact that the band is stretchy and the buttons have extra fabric so you can't see my boobs. The length is perfect. I can't wait to wear it everywhere. I just hope it stands up to washing.


I ordered according to the size chart and the dress fits perfectly.  The only thing that was an issue is that the buttons are really small and the loop is elasticized so it made it a little difficult to button up.  Once I got all of the buttons buttoned, I was easily able to pull the dress over my head to put it on.  I have gotten a ton of compliments on this dress.


I just received this dress and it's absolutely beautiful, very well-made and fits perfectly . I'm 5'4" 160lbs with 36B chest and the Large fits great.


 Perfect for Florida summers.


Love how comfortable this dress is. It stretches and moves with me. I'm large on top so I did size up because of the buttons. Any type of button-up tops I always size up.


