Very nice dress, purchased three in all of the Milumia button up in separate orders.  The sizing is not consistent between colors. One was somewhat small (but only in the arms, a little tight), one fit as expected, and the third was somewhat large. But I kept them all just wore a sweater to hide the sleeves on the one that was a little tight in the arms. Would still recommend.


I ordered the S size because of my tall (5'2''), I hoped it will be not too long and in same time big enough for my breast (3D). And I was right ))  It fits as expected in breast (even not tight) and not really long if I wear high heels. I love the fabric - it is a cotton, not stretch. The color as on photos. It flows beautifully when I walk... This dress became my favorite for this summer.


///  Not for a long time ((( After second washing the color became pale. It looks like I have been wear it for 10 years.... There is some problem with paint... I hope it is not toxic...


UPDATE: after wearing it for a longer period of time the top is just took snug on my bust and arms - exchanging for XXL


I got an XL and I'm 5'5 and roughly 200 lbs with curvy sporty build.


It surprisingly fits great! normally I have an issue with things fitting my shoulders/arms and then my hips cause I'm curvy. it fits in all these places and doesnt drag on the ground.


My only concern and only reason I didnt give 5 stars is that there isnt much material for the bust. I'm a 38/C and I'm scared these buttons are gonna break on me. I just have a regular bra on and then I put a sports bra over that just in case one of them does go while I'm out I have more coverage.


The colors are beautiful and ill probably buy in another color too cause it feels great and light weight. I can go behind the buttons and reenforce them to make them stronger


I just received and opened the package. I LOVE this dress! I don't want to take it off! This will be perfect for a church tea party I'm planning and for our Hawaii trip soon. After reading a lot of the reviews and looking at pictures, I decided to order a Medium in "Light Green." I'm glad I did not order a Large. I'm 5'2, 148 lbs, and 38C.


Overall: The fabric is really soft! It's wrinkled out of the package, but who cares. Hehe. The color and pattern are like the stock photos and in other reviews. I'm looking forward to ordering more!


Bust area: (see pictures) The loops are elastic, as other reviews have mentioned and it does look like I'm about to bust out (which was a concern after reading the reviews), but in the 2nd pic, you will see that there is quite a bit of fabric, so you can't see my bra or anything. The cut in low enough that it's cute but not enough to show cleavage on me.


Length: I'm only 5'2 and this dress touches the floor with about an inch of fabric laying on the floor. Which is fine for me and I think that will looks nice with some flat sandals.


See through fabric: It's too hard for me to tell right now (it's 10pm) if it'll be see through with some more natural lighting during the day. As of now, walking around with my house lights on, it doesn't look like I'll need a slip.


Buttons: There is a good amount of fabric "behind" the buttons, so when I sit down I'm not revealing anything, as mentioned in some reviews. Maybe their dresses didn't have that extra fabric laying correctly or is folded over. Just make sure you iron it so you get the proper coverage.


Sleeves: I have fairly big arms and the sleeves fit well. There's still room and it's comfortable and not restricting at all, which was another one of my concerns. So happy that my big arms are comfy in this dress!


Full skirt: I have wide hips and there is plenty of room in the skirt for me. The fabric flows nicely.


I was so excited to get this dress for my daughter's upcoming baptism, but woweee is this a terrible dress. For one thing, I shouldn't have listened to all the reviews saying to order up a size, but even if I had gotten my regular size, this dress still would have been pretty bad. The quality is fine, but the design and fit made it ill-fitting and EXTREMELY matronly. As in, my sister laughed at me saying I looked like our mom circa 1990. For some reason, the shoulders on the dress I received were puffy and made it look like I was wearing shoulder pads. The neckline of the dress is strange as well. It wasn't low cut like everyone was saying, but rather high and unflattering. I'm really bummed and now in a bind to find a dress in one day. Le sigh!


I really wanted to like this dress. The colors were extremely vibrant and the material was extremely lightweight which works well for the summer.  Unfortunately,  it's not made for us bustier women who need more structure in the top. Even with a great supportive bra, (I'm a 38 k) the waist line doesn't sit appropriately in the front. I think that if the makers would add more support in the waist area and bring it down just a half an inch down, it'd be perfect. I ordered four and had to return all if them due to this problem. It's too bad because the dresses were gorgeous!


I’m very disappointed. For the cost, this dress is not quality material. It’s definitely not sheer. It is airy and comfortable, but the tailoring and fit is not as expected. I am 5 foot 9 inches tall and 130 lbs. I purchased a medium. It’s shorter than I expected and very loose. I’m extremely thrown off by the yard tie in the front- I think it’s meant to be decorative, as it is not a draw string, but it looks tacky. I had very high expectations with this dress considering it’s not necessarily cheap, but I was unfortunately let down. I will be returning this item.


Love this dress.  This dress makes you feel pretty.  It has a beautiful flow to it.  It will arrive very wrinkled and you will probably have to have it taken up as it is very long.  I am 5'4" and the dress is over my feet by 1.5" but I always have to take up Maxi dresses.  I ordered the red dress and the color is beautiful.  The fit is spot on.  I live in Texas and the summer months are extremely hot and sun dresses/maxi dresses are the perfect outfit to wear in the summer heat.  I plan on purchasing another one in a different color. You won't be sorry if you purchase this dress.


I love this dress and received several compliments on it the first time I wore it. It's light and comfortable, but good quality. The color is beautiful and rich. I'm a steady size 16 or XL with a 42D chest and thick hips, thighs, and midsection. The XL fits me very comfortably, not tight anywhere. I'm definitely ordering another color. So happy with it!


Love the dress.  I am  very short 4'10" so i was not surprised that it was to long for me.


