I felt like a princess in this dress.I expected it to come small so I order an XL , probably I can do with an L. I'm 5'2" 140lbs. It is soooo pretty and the skirt has such weight and roundness....you will want to twirl in this dresss..  definitely recommended. I got the red and white floral print , can't wait to wear it this weekend


This is a really pretty dress and it’s very flattering. It runs small though. I’m normally an XL in most things and I bought an XXL. It fits well, but shrunk a little after being washed. The chest area pulls if you have a large bust (I’m a 42D) and the piece of fabric behind the buttons is weird and not sewn on. I sewed it on and that stops the buttons from pulling too tight and leaving a big gaping hole between my boobs. I love how flowy it is and the print is beautiful...so a quick fix and it’s a super pretty dress. Plus, I’m 5’2” and it’s the perfect length barefoot...which never happens. Definitely a keeper.


I got this dress for my college reunion. I'm 6 weeks post partum and breastfeeding so I have a differently shaped body than usual. The dress fits wonderfully. It hides my belly and makes me look pre-pregnancy thin. (I'm 5'5" and 145 lbs, with a post partum belly.) The buttons all the way up are perfect for easy access to feed my baby, although there are a lot of them! Only downside is it was very wrinkled when it arrived abd ironing it took about an hour because there is so much material. Oh, dress arrived 2 days earlier than expected.


I am 5'2" 150lbs. Ordered a size L. Fits a little snug at the shoulder area. You will need to wear a slip if you plan on wearing it out to places other than the beach. The bottom of the dress went just about, above the ankle. Good material.


I really want to like this dress, it's beautiful, however, it's really thin and too see-through for me. It would make a good beach cover-up but in the slightest amount of sun light, you can see whatever you're wearing underneath pretty clearly.


Unfortunately, life happened and I got too busy and missed the deadline for returning it. :/


The dress fit just as I expected!! I got a medium when I'm normally a small in dresses. I'm 5'10" and 148lbs and I was afraid that the buttons would go up to high, but the go just above my knee which is great! The dress is very flowy and a little loose,  which is just what I wanted. It hits me a bit above the ankle. I can't wait to where it on our cruise this summer!


Amazing dress! So many compliments. I bought the bright colored geometric patterned dress And it’s bright and colorful and has a nice full skirt. I’m 5’4” and 120 lbs and an A cup. It fit great and would fit someone with a larger chest but still looked great on me. It was the perfect ankle length dress. I’m gonna buy another one for sure!


Later at the end of the day I found a flaw in the fabric- actually a small hole and then a couple other “worn” spots. Seemed like the bolt of fabric might have gotten rubbed or chaffed but it was not noticeable with all the fun pattern and so I’ve decided not to bother sending it back.


I love this dress, but be careful... IT SHRINKS!!!!  When I first received the dress it fit perfectly, a little long, but I loved it!  I washed it for the first time on gentle cycle with cold water, I did not add fabric softener since  the washing label said not to..  I dried it on low heat. That was a BIG mistake, when I went to wear it again it had shrunk at least 4 inches in length & the smocking is just under my breasts instead closer to the waist. It still fits & looks OK but if I was a bit taller (I'm 5'8.5" & weigh around 155 lbs.)  I wouldn't be able to wear it. Moral of the story: DO NOT PUT IN DRYER!!!!


The colors in this dress light up my day. Ordered a medium. 5'10 and 130 pounds.


OMG! This dress is gorgeous and fits and falls beautifully! I bought 3 different patterns because I love it so much, so feminine and flattering! LOVE! it DOES RUN SMALL IN THE CHEST THOUGH, I am a perfect size large 12/14 and the dress fits great except for the chest, theres a big gap... I hadto return and buy an XL and I got it and it fits great. I am 5'9 185lbs and wear a 40 C if that helps


