The color was same as picture. Well made. Like the style. Wish it was 1-2" shorter. Because I'm 5'5", it (size S) just touched the ground. Need to wear high heel.


Love this dress.  I got the black with pink flowers.  I am 5'7" and weigh 136 lbs.  The medium fit perfectly.  The reviews talked about the hem being bad but mine is perfect.  Reviews also said neckline was too low but mine is just right.  There are a few wrinkles that will steam out easily.  The dress just hits me at the ankles and is perfect with strappy high heels.  Great dress at a good price.


The top is a little small because of my large breast, but with the pattern you can barely see the pulling that's happening. As for everything below that, it's overwhelming large. Also the sleeves make me look like I'm ready for an audition for Little House on the Prairie. I'll get it altered to fit better at a later date.


Wonderful summer dress for a curvy girl! Loved the way the dress flowed and even though I am larger in the bust than most if fit - plus it has the extra fabric under the buttons to allow for a bit of gaping with out showing anything. For the price this dress is a must have for summer!


This is the real deal--well made, nice quality.  The only downside was the bottom edge has only a surged edge--no real hem.  But not very noticeable, especially since it's such a long dress.  Definitely worth it for the price!


I love the dress but it wrinkles so fast. You need to iron it every time .  I am size 10-12 and i bought size large. It fits perfect. I would recommend this to line dry since my dress got shrink in the dryer.


This is pretty dress but it wont last long.


Bodice is too snug & skirt is enormous. The same dress in another fabric/color in the same size was actually too large in the bodice. Seems like quality control & consistency in sizing is lacking.


Bodice is too large & skirt is enormous. The same dress in another fabric/color in the same size was actually too snug in the bodice. Seems like quality control & consistency in sizing is lacking.


This dress is actually way cuter than I expected. I knew it would be pretty good, I had an idea for an outfit with this but that didn't work out like I thought but it hold it's own. It fits nice and it's breezy. I would buy it again but in another color.


Received yesterday; wore today and lost count of the number of compliments I received once it exceeded 20.  I am a teacher and my students, male and female co-workers etc all said it was a beautiful dress.  One co-worker made me send her the link right then.  Love the purple colors and soo comfy (I do recommend tights under it as it can kick up if there's much wind).  Definitely may need to get it in some of the other colors as well.


