This dress was perfect for a wedding. It is so pretty. One thing I didn't read in any reviews is that it's kind of sheer. I wore a under bra slip and all was good! I am 5'8 and wear a 12/14.


I’m about 5’5”, 196 lbs, a size 14 usually, DD cup, and the XL fit perfectly. I got the green floral print. Like others have said it is a lightweight fabric that does wrinkle easily and is rather see through, but I’m ok with camisoles and slips. Especially since this dress buttons All. The. Way. Down. I’ll definitely be wearing something under it for THAT reason; so that if a button pops I’m not out in the open if you know what I’m saying. But it’s so soft and comfy and perfect for summer- especially because I’m breastfeeding and bf-friendly dresses are hard to find- I’ll probably order another one!


I wanted to love this dress. It fit well; however, the buttons fasten into a stretchy loop. There was no way to guarantee that the dress would stay closed tightly enough not to be too revealing. I didn't want to wear a slip since I wanted the dress for a beach vacation. It probably would have worked well with a navy slip, I guess.


I Love This Dress! I want to wear it everyday, only I would be overwhelmed by all the compliments. Seriously. I went to the mall in this dress and got a compliment in every store I went in. I wore this dress to church and more compliments. Walking down the street, a woman yelled after me to make sure I knew that my dress was amazing. I am 5'3", 145 lbs. and the large fits a little bigger than I'd naturally buy, but I think any smaller would be too small across the chest, but obviously, I still love it. I bought the light green floral print. So beautiful.


Nice, fits well and has a good flow.  It kind of scared me at first, because after I washed it and hung to dry, the red bled into the flowers and turned them pink, but not evenly, looked like streaks.  I wore it that way, then washed it again and kept washing it until all the streaks came out.  It took about half a dozen times!  Now it finally looks like the picture!


Do not believe the size chart. The dress is much bigger! I have 27-28 inches waist, so following the chart, I bought an size L and the dress could surely fit 1 and 1/2 if not 2 of me.Seriously, no way the model in the picture is wearing a size L, unless the dress has been reajusted to her body, which is misleading advertising. Really upset, if not for the size, I would have loved the dress.


The dress is beautiful. And based on reviews I went a size up because I have a large bosom. That wasn’t enough. It wouldn’t close past where the drawstrings were and then the rest fit huge. I look awkward and frumpy. They designed these dresses for individuals with A and B cups.


I looked like an Indiana mole woman in a slightly more colorful dress. I wouldn't suggest this dress for the apple shaped woman. It was cute, and a nice flower material, but definitely not flattering on my size 12 body. Fit as expected though. Super cute otherwise, and looks just like the picture. Too bad the silhouette doesn't work for me.


Always skeptical about online dress purchases but reading the reviews swayed me. I got a large, purchased a size up from my norm and I am 5'8" 150lbs, and it fits great! Loose but I don't like tight fitting dresses so it's perfect. It's a bit short, I have long legs so finding things that go the distance is tough, but it seems it was meant to hover a bit short. Overall I really like it!!


The dress is beautiful, I ordered the "light green" and it looks and feels great. The fit is perfect everywhere except the bust. I ordered an XXL and I am a D cup. Since it is a button dress, it pulls and gaps at the bust. I am going to play around with it and see what I can do. The length is great, I am 5'10 and I could stend it to be a few inches longer but if you're average height, it will work beautifully for you. The dress comes extremely wrinkled, so take that into consideration if you want to wear it as soon as you receive it. If it wasn't foe the bust issue, I'd probably order another one in a different pattern.


