Love, love, love! I was so hesitant to buy a dress from Amazon, but after reading the great reviews I decided to bite the bullet and go for it. I am so happy I did!! This dress fits so incredibly well and fit to my true dress size (S). I'm 5"3' at 130 pounds! Not too long or short-I can wear heals with it or sandals! Definitely recommend.


This is a very cute dress, very pretty. It arrived very wrinkled but with some TLC it looks great. There are a lot of buttons but they attach to the other side with elastics which are very easy to use. There are a couple really long strings in the front that I didn't really know what to do with.


I am 5'7", 220lbs, and I bought the 2X. It fits very well, is slightly tight at the chest area but nothing is showing. I am returning it because it is making me look like I am going to church, not on vacation. This is not the style I'm looking for.


I like this dress. It's very light and flowy, I think it will be good to have in the Texas heat, should I decide to "dress up."  I am 5 ft 4, 135 pounds and not big in the chest, so a medium fit me perfect.  The only catch is that it is too long, which I knew it would be.  I can wear sandals and you can see my feet, but the dress is almost to the ground.  If you wear heels, you should be fine.  Me?  I'm going to get a couple of inches taken off. Great dress.


Nice dress. I am getting a little pulling in the bust but i am a 34ddd so I'm accustomed to that. Fortunately, it has a built in panel so no worrying about boob/bra peekaboo!! Has some tassels that are a bit weird the way it is built into the dress but it doesnt take away.


I bought the floral mint dress as a beach/vacation cover up and it did the job with style. So flowy, light and comfy to wear, plus machine washable (hang dry to avoid wrinkles) so no worries about sunscreens, salt or sand. If you wanted to wear to work or events you torally can but you'd want to add a slip as it is a bit see-thru. I bought an XL based on fit descriptions and its a bit roomy for me (5'9", 34C, 170lbs); will buy another in L. It is long enough for tall gals in flats (shorter gals in heels), and plenty roomy around the hips due to drapey a-line shape. Button loops are elastic.


I was very hesitant to buy this dress but I'm certainly glad I did. I weigh about 140lbs and I'm a 34DD and the medium fit perfect. Wore it to a concert last night and received several complements. Very flowy and perfect for spring. Only downside is that it one of the loops for the buttons was broke. Pretty simple fix but should've been caught before mailed out.


I really like this dress. It'll be a great addition when the spring comes around and can carry over into summer. I was kinda looking for something a little thicker in terms of fabric, so that it could maybe be stretched into fall- but it's not a deal breaker for me. THe fabric is pretty thin and you can't really "hide" anything. It's a little tight in the upper/chest area. But it is pretty and it is fresh and I'll be wearing it later on in the year (when the weather gets warmer).


My one complaint is that I tend to trip on it while walking up steps. It's a littl ebit long, but again I'll deal with it.


Very beautiful dress, I'm 5'5" around 170 pounds a large fit me very well, my only complaint is the little loops for the buttons stretch quiet a bit in the bust area, but that's no surprise for me (I am a 36DD) and it's a little long, I wear flats so it drags on the ground a little but I still love the dress, I ended up getting two, the purple and light tan one which is my favorite and the mint floral one. I wore the purple/tan one once and got multiple compliments.


Chest is small (but to be fair, I have a 38G chest and a 35" waist, so I see this problem a lot) but it fits, the waist part is just hitting too high, like.. on my boobs.


Also, there are these weird little poofs of fabric on the top of the shoulders that look ridiculous, just totally awful. And the buttons area is like a hole and the fabric flap behind it can move, therefore exposing you. Otherwise I actually love the dress,  so it's a good thing I am handy with a sewing machine and all of those things are easily fixable. Because I want to keep this dress! It's super cute!


Love it! Very flowy! Ordered a size up and it was still too tight across my breast though. Was able to fix that easily by unbuttoning the top few buttons and wearing a tank top under. I am a 16-20 in dress size and 5'6".


