I'm 5'5", 135 pounds and cup size B-C.


I read that this dress runs small so I ordered a medium instead of a small. It's too big. I think a small would have been perfect.


This dress is cute. It's good quality and very silky soft.


Love this dress!  My husband likes the black long sleeve and i love them both.  Wore the dresses to weddings and I had so many complements. The fabric are very thin and so soft and comfy, perfect for summer weddings in the tropics.  I got the cream yellow short sleeve and a black long sleeve, both in medium. I'm 5ft, about 140lbs and 34DD. The medium was perfect, if not just slightly loose around waist, but i preferred it that way. These dresses are LONG, so I wore my 4" wedges and it was perfect. One of the reviews suggested to sew the chest portion together as the buttons are functional and is attaches to an elastic loop. I took her advice and sewn the chest area after I tried one of the dresses and the elastic loop was loose. Minor problem solved.  I've attached a photo of me wearing the creme yellow and used my brown jeans belt to help control the dress and give it a vintage look.


I ordered two of the same light green floral dresses, in the same size, to see what pattern I would like better. I'm a size 4/6 and ordered a medium. I ordered them a few days apart and one was shipped prime and I didn't realize the other was shipped from China (although it did arrive early). Though technically the same dress they were very different from each other. Fabric was the same but one was far smaller, had different colored buttons & elastic, no button placate, was shorter, and was about half as full in the skirt. Definitely not as nice as the other one. But that one had one tassel tie half unsewn and the other was completely unsewn & just tied around the button elastic.


I wasn't expecting super high quality, but just keep in mind that you really could be getting anything. Maybe buy two for comparison! The one I kept is a very nice color & flows really well. It should be nice for an upcoming wedding. Fortunately I sew so I can fix the little problems.


I love this dress! I wore it today for the first time and got multiple strangers tell me the dress was so pretty. I ordered a size XL because the description stated the models measurements and what size she was wearing. So I ordered a larger size than I normally would wear. I did wash it before wearing (gentle cycle) dried it for a about 5 minutes and then hung it up to finish drying. It did shrink a very, very, small amount. I will be ordering more in different colors.


Love this dress! I am 5'10 and 170lbs I ordered the XL after reading other reviews and it fits fine. I would rather something fit a little loose than too tight.  I feel that in this case a Large would have fit just fine. I paired this dress with tall brown boots and an oatmeal cardigan and the compliments didn't stop. Mouths hit the floor when asked where I got this dress from. I buy 80% of my dresses from Amazon, no one seems to know how awesome the selection is and it also kind of cool too never run into someone wearing the same thing. FYI..this dress also hides minor coffee spills very well, not even in the office 5mins!! Only super silly thing I encountered with this dress is that it is so long that I kept rolling the wheels of my office chair on it. Klutz life!


Persons should order 2 size bigger. If your a medium, size xl would have fir comfy.


This dress was very similar to the picture and how it was described. It's a gamble sometimes, but with Prime you don't need to worry about it because of the easy/free return policy so there's no risk involved. Because of that, I've been trying a lot more of the clothes that Amazon has to offer. This was a win for me, I had a Kentucky Derby themed luncheon and wore this with a big sun hat. It's very pretty and fit perfectly. I was concerned about the length b/c things always seem long on me, I'm 5'4 155 lbs, pretty athletic build. The only thing I would say is that only the top half has a layer that covers your skin under the buttons. If you don't wear a slip or skirt underneath you can see through the remaining buttons down your waist. I didn't realize this until moments before leaving the house (luckily) so I threw a short black skirt underneath. Other than that, great dress for a great cost! I'm probably going to buy some for a friend, and more for myself in other colors.


This is really a beautiful dress, and particularly for the price.  It fits well, except for the fact that I am 5'2" and it is a bit long, even with 2.5" heals.  I have a 34 DD bust, and the top is perfect.  The buttons are painful, though, as they are small and the elastic is small, too.  I don't recommend unbuttoning all of the way unless you absolutely must as it will take quite a bit of time to re-button! I know; I did it.


The hem is not what I expected, but is a whip-stitch all the way around.  This will make it easy to have it taken up about 2 inches, though.  Also, you should know that it is longer on the sides, but not by much.  It makes the dress flow better, I think.  And it flows really well!


Wearing it, which I did the day I received it, made me feel glamours and special.  My husband loves it on me.  I bought the red, which is a great color for me.  It is dark red with grey accents within the white areas.  I won't need a slip or such as nothing shows.


I would definitely recommend this!


I wear a L in almost everything. according to the size chart, this dress should have been perfect in size. it supposedly ranges from size 12 to 14.  I wear a size 12.  the bust range is 38.5 to 40, I am 39.  the waist is 30.5 to 32, I am 31.  however, the L was way too small, so I sent it back and ordered an XL to replace it (and 2 other dresses of the same style, different color).  I was extremely disappointed that the XL was still too tight across the bust, even though the size chart says that wouls be size 16 to 18.  the elastic waist hit me just under the bust, not above the waist as in the photo.  not sure what is wrong with the sizing, it is way off.  I would need an XXL for this to fit me, and have never worn anything near that size. I am irritated that I had to already pay shipping to send the L back, and now I will again have to pay for the XL, so I am not willing to order the XXL to see if it fits.  I have a feeling it would be huge, and I would need to return it.  the fabric and colors are beautiful, I was so disappointed that I could not keep these dresses.


I bought this in two colors, the black floral pattern and the white floral pattern. 5 stars for the black floral pattern but 4 stars for the white floral pattern. There seems to be an inconsistency in sizing. I bought both dresses in an XL (my normal size) based on what I read on the size chart and reviews. I'm 5'4 tall, 38C bust, 170 lbs. The black and floral in XL is very pretty, feminine, and flowy, I love the perfect fit and length. But I noticed that although the white floral dress was still the right length and fit perfect from the waist down, the bust and upper arm area was too tight. The buttons were gaping open and my breasts/bra could be seen a bit. Will need to wear a very thin cover up of some sort underneath. Wish their sizing was consistent and true to size. I was considering buying additional colors but now I'm worried about the inconsistent sizing.


