Beautiful fabric with a wonderful drape but not very well constructed.  The buttons are not secure and the "loops" to close the front of the dress were flimsy and did not close the dress.  Also, there was no real placket behind the buttons so even close you could still see "you".


Just received my dress today and immediately tried it on. I love this dress and can't wait to wear it out. I am 5'2" and 135 lbs. and I bought a medium. This dress is flattering and the perfect length. I could wear sandals or heels with it. If you are taller, I'm not sure the length would work if you wanted it come to your ankles, but I still think this dress would look great if it hit below the knees. Also, I'm a 36B, and the chest area fit perfectly and the buttons weren't pulling...I hope this helps someone.


This dress was advertised as XL with no warning that it ran very small.  I loved the fabric and print, but it is the equivalent to a medium size.  So, in order to use it at all, I will have to cut it up and make something else with it.  Not happy with this purchase.


Oh my I love this dress indeed.


Fit perfect and it was just like the pic


I ordered the blue button down dress in size small for my pregnancy photoshoot. It fits perfectly and I love the material! For reference I am 8 mos pregnant 5'4" and 120 lbs 32DD. If I were my pre pregnancy weight of 100 lbs 32D I'd probably still order a small as it fits fine under my arms and bust.


Love the print. The style was flattering. I really liked the way the dress looked. The 100% rayon fabric, however, felt very heavy and damp. I wish this dress was a lightweight cotton.


I bought an extra large because of reading all of the reviews. I usually wear US med or lg considering I'm 5'8" and 169 lbs with curves! The dress is beautiful and looks just like the pic!  It's very feminine and fits beautifully!  It's so hard to find beautiful dresses online regarding sizing and all that but this dress is perfect and I'm so excited that I don't have to send it back!!! YAY!


I had hoped to wear this to a wedding, but unfortunately it didn't fit. It was too small. I usually wear XXL and the XXL was too small in the bust and terribly small in the sleeve. The fabric is stunning and silky soft rayon! The skirt is beautifully full. I was sad it didn't fit, but my mom bought it off me and wore it instead!


I absolutely love this dress so much. I feel so lady like with it. I love the material and the fit was perfect. I'm 5'9" and I usually use size L and XL but order a size XXL. I have large arms so it's a little tight in the arms.


