was hoping for Free People kind of fit.  this was small and too form fitting.  suggest ordering a couple of sizes up to get the free flow as depicted in images. fabric ok but could be considered good for the price.


Always receive compliments when wearing. I own 3 in different prints!


I ordered three of these dresses, all in medium, but the green came small, the red medium and the black large, I am 5'6'' and 34C and S and M fitted too small, the large one fits a little loose but way better than M. They are good quality and beautiful! I returned and ordered in Large now! Bad I got the dresses in 3 different sizes but I least I got to try them on.


I am 5'9" and 150lbs and ordered a medium. The dress fits perfectly. I may need to wear a slip under it but it isn't too sheer unless sunlight is shining through it. I was a bit disappointed that it did not have a finished hem so I hemmed it myself. Otherwise, it is a beautiful comfortable dress that I will wear to my daughter's rehearsal dinner/family photos in June.


Cute print, love the material.. but the small flap that covers the area behind the buttons doesn’t stay still and I end up showing my stomach all down the middle. The shoulders also puff out a bit and I’m not a fan of how it looks. Going to return.


This dress is beautiful and I received many compliments. I ordered both the medium and small because I wasn't sure. The medium was a tad big, so I stuck with the small. My measurements are 34 32 42 ish and I'm 5'2.


I absolutely loved this dress. I'm 8 months pregnant so I had to sew the whole middle part because the dress would open between buttons in belly bump part. It's now one of my favorite summer dresses and I plan to keep using it post partum.


I have purchased three of these dresses and here's my honest review.


1.  The material is soft, but thin (you can see my nude bra) and it wrinkles really easy.  I can deal with that.


2.  The patterns and flow of these dresses are nice, but they are POORLY CONSTRUCTED.  I had to spend more money to make it work.


3.  The bottom is completely uneven.  Because the dress was a bit long, I took it into a seamstress to have it hemmed and even she couldn't believe how crooked the bottom of the dress was.  I believe it is supposed to be longer in the back than in the front, but it was uneven all around.  Given I solved the problem, I could have lived with that.


4.  The buttons across the front are held shut by little cheap rubber bands, what this means, is it's a pain in the butt to open and close them, but more importantly, the chest area (or tummy if you were pregnant) stretches open easily leaving those unwanted gaping holes.  There is a flap of fabric that is supposed to help hide your skin, but it doesn't stay in place, so I had the seamstress close it up.  Again, because I solved the problem, I could have lived with that.


5.  The third dress I purchased has a seam on the front right side of the chest where the PATTERN is COMPLETELY MISMATCHED and not in a way where two similar patterns are not exactly matched up, but where the pattern is completely cut off by awkwardly aligning it to material that has no pattern at all.  If it were on the back, I could have lived with that.


What I absolutely CAN NOT LIVE WITH is their CUSTOMER SERVICE.


Unfortunately, I had missed my free return window by 2 days when I had the chance to reach out for an exchange.  I'm not asking for a return and I would think THEY COULD MAKE AN EXCEPTION for me considering I've purchased two dresses already and I was only 2 days past my return window.  I don't even expect the dress to be perfect, (obviously, I've had to alter the other two to make them work).


Their response was "The pattern of the dress is not the same. It is by random. Your order is fulfilled by Amazon. If you return the package to us, you need to pay the postage to return the package to us. Can you accept? Or can you accept that we partial refund to you and you keep the item?"  PAY FOR SHIPPING WHEN IT STATES FREE RETURNS?  First, they offered me $6 to keep the dress.  Then they offered me $9 to keep the dress.  Each time, I stated I just wanted to exchange the dress without having to pay more money.


So rather than appease my fair request, you'd pay me $9 to keep a dress I do not want, and lose my business indefinitely.  COME ON!  This where companies fall short, on customer satisfaction.


This dress is so cute and flowy for summer! The area around the buttons has some extra strings sticking out like it was sewn hastily, but other than that I'm so excited to wear it!


I love this dress!! I'm 5'1 and it touches the floor but is not under my feet. Very comfortable and airy. Thinking about purchasing another.


