Ehhh. Bought this after seeing it recommended multiple times on a fashion subreddit, and I had high hopes. I wanted to like it so much - but it's just not cut for me. The waist hit weirdly, in a slightly above-boob-line way that just didn't quite work. The neckline on me was oddly high also, which combined with the sleeve style led to a painfully frumpy look on top.


I'm 5'10, 160lbs, 34D with long legs. Looking at all the great pictures from others posted here, I think my figure just isn't a good fit for this dress. Be wary if you're curvy and tall, I think, as the top of the dress really does not flatter those proportions. Disappointing, but no dress can work for everyone - and I found a few others on Amazon that suit me much better already!


I LOVE this dress but it's too small in the bust ONLY. the makers of the dress did put a lining under the buttons in the bust area so if the buttons did pull  apart they wouldn't see your bra. The dress is buttons from top of the dress to the bottom and the button fasteners are made of elastic loops so it pulls freely.


I have a hard time finding dresses that look nice on me. My shape is sort of strange pear shape and my belly looks like I'm perpetually pregnant, so I've come to find the dresses like this with an empire waist line tend to look best on me. I love the pretty, feminine shape it gives me, and it hides things in all the right places!  I ended up ordering two dresses. I'm 5'6", 150 lbs and am a 34-DD. I ordered a size Large (despite the fact my measurements seem to fit that X-L better) and it worked out great.  The elastic empire waist band is even a little loose on me, but it's still tight enough to where it looks nice.  The only thing I would change would be if the cord with the tassels that sticks out of the front could actually be looped around the entire empire waist to be able to tighten it a bit (it's just sewn into the front of the dress) ... but it's not a dealbreaker. The dress is still gorgeous!  And the fabric is light, and very breathable, no need for a slip underneath. Great Summer or Spring dress!


Beautiful dress and fits exactly as expected. It was long on me but I'm only 5 foot. With heels, it barely touches the floor. I bought a medium since I'm normally a size small or medium in most clothes. Definitely a great summer dress esp. for the price!


I am 5 feet tall and 120 pounds. I usually wear a 2 on top and a 4 on the bottom. This dress just skims the floor when I have heels on. I ordered a small, but wish it came in and extra small. The fabric is somewhat sheer in the light so I usually wear a slip.  The bottom is very voluminous. I receive a lot of compliments on this dress every time I wear it. It has an on trend style, but it is still modest enough that I can wear it to work. I am considering ordering another color as well.


This dress fit my big bottom pear shape perfectly and looks great!  The fabric is lovely and flowy, and great stitching and details for the price.  The fabric is *light* but not terribly see through - I wear nude underthings and no issue.  I will be buying a couple more of these.


With the exception of the following, this is a beautiful dress.  What is keeping the review low is that it is extremely light weight and see through.  I am over 60 and cannot do that aspect of today's fashion so I had to buy a cotton slip and modify the seam.  The other disappointing feature (which I should have noticed before I ordered) is the front only buttons down to "high thigh" and I was hoping for just a touch more modesty.


There is not stretch as all. Expect horrid gaping if you have any kind of boobs unless you order so big it's just hanging on your waist.  No way to get a good fit as an extended hourglass.  It's kind of lovely, though, so if you're under a C cup (I'm DDD) you will have better success.


Well this is very pretty and its full enough


that you don't have to wear a slip. I bought this for a wedding I'm attending so I will wear a slip. I got this in a large and I'm a 38B and the bust is snug but wearable. I love it! This is comfortable enough for a garden wedding. The price was right this is a keeper.


I love, love this dress. I ordered a L just out of pure, "I'm a L always", should have ordered up a size. The dress is beautiful and very flowy. I've gotten a bunch of compliments, but my 38DD chest doesn't allow the bottons to fully close. It's great everywhere else. Recommend using the sizing chart.


UPDATE: Ordered another dress (yellow) this time XL and it fits comfortably, chest and all! Wish I would have ordered my green dress in XL too. Very happy with this purchase.


