Didn't know what to expect, but this dress was beautiful, wasn't too thin, fit perfectly, I love it


OK


this is such a beautiful dress! worth every dollar!!! looks and feels way better than the picture.


I need to exchange.


Beautiful fabric, too long and fits tight around the bust area, also gapes at bust area. I'm thinking about deconstructing the dress and making it into a skirt.


While this dress is beautiful, there should be a warning that you need to be nearly flat chested in order for it to fit. I was so disappointed.


Woohoo! What a beautiful dress! I ordered it three days before an event I had and wasn't sure it was going to look like it did in the picture, but it did. I'm 5'4, 130 lbs, a 32B, and bought a small. According to the charts I should've bought an XL because my waist is 28 inches, but I knew it was probably just off. When I got the dress the waist was too big for me so I had to pin it. Also the shoulders were slightly too big for me, but it was nothing noticeable. I think its just because I'm built kind of petite. The dress did drag a little on the ground since I was just wearing sandals, but it wasn't too bad. It made it look kind of elegant. I love how billowy the skirt is. The only reason it doesn't get five stars is because it came extremely wrinkled and I had to spend a while ironing it before I could wear it. Worth getting though! Lovely!


I really wanted to love this dress.  So much so that I bought it in two colors.  But, the buttons going up the front are just weird.  They are button / loop style.  You put the button through a loop but, the loop is elastic so when you stretch or move, the front of the dress opens up across the chest area.  I supposed if you have a small bust, this wouldn't be an issue.  I don't have a particularly large chest but, it's enough that it already pulls a bit across the chest so when I move, it totally opens.  Also, I am high waisted but, this dress is really  high waisted.  The waist sits right under my boobs and since it's such a full dress, it looks like a maternity dress.  The print is cute, the material is nice but, the buttons are terrible.


I purchased this dress because I am a fan of flowing, pretty dresses for everyday wear. I ordered a size up per some of the reviews on here (XL--I usually wear a L), and found the dress to still be well-fitting, but slightly loose around the bust and waist, but not significant enough for anyone to know but me. However, I do have thicker arms and had I ordered a large, the sleeves would have been slightly tight. With the XL, the sleeves hung just a bit loose on my arms, which I love. I am 5'6", 175 pounds, 36B bust, small waist, pear shaped. The dress also came very wrinkled, most of which did not come out in the first wash, so I had to iron it. After that though, the wrinkle issue is no longer a problem. I washed on cold with like colors and line-dried it. Stitching is strong and well done, and buttons were secure all day. There was no gapping of buttons, but just in case, there is a flap sewn in behind the buttons to make sure you aren't flashing the girls to everyone! I ordered the light green, which didn't appear to be see through at all until I walked out into the Arizona sunshine--but it was only slightly see through. Wearing undergarments that match your skin, or ones that don't have crazy designs or bright colors, or a slip, and you should be just fine. Got complimented on this dress all day, from all age groups (all women, though)! Even directed one young woman to amazon to purchase on for herself. That's a pretty high compliment for a dress.


I bought two dresses: Black_pink and Pink; both size Large. Both dresses are short sleeved and seem to be of the same cut. My measurements are 42(34DD/DDD)-35-43 and I'm about 5' 5". The hem goes to about my ankles, probably a bit below. It doesn't bother me any but if you are any shorter you'd definitely be stepping on it. There is a split in the dress as shown on the models and on me, with all the buttons done, it goes up to mid knee. It's adjustable if you want it to be higher, but to be honest no one will likely notice unless it's windy or you're Captain Morgan.


I was a little worried about the fitting in the top area based on the sizing charts, and there is a tiny bit of gaping but its not very noticeable on me due to the 1.5" strip of paneling behind the buttons. Might need to pin it in place though. It fits great in the shoulder area, which is where I normally have issues with dresses being too tight. The fit is good and the only issue I have is fixable with a safety pin (as are most of my clothing issues with buttons).


Overall, I like both dresses, and the material is nice and light. I will say, since I've seen it mentioned in a few reviews, that the hemline on my dresses is not even, but (on my dresses at least) it seems deliberate. I'll post a picture, you can decide.  Either way, it's not noticeable during wear. This could be more obvious on taller girls, though.


