I opened this thinking it would likely have to be a return. So I'm a little surprised to find that this $20 dress fit me so well. I'm tall (5'9-1/2") at 135+/-lbs and got a medium. It's 100% rayon, machine washable, and arrived fairly wrinkled, but steaming it will fix that. It doesn't even look THAT bad wrinkled (thinking of when pulling it out of a suitcase while on a long European tour in hot weather). My first choice wasn't yellow, but that is what I selected since the colors I preferred were sold out in my size. I'm fair-skinned and can't take a lot of pattern or deeply rich colors, so this pastel yellow worked somehow, in spite of the busy pattern.


BEAUTIFUL! LOVE THIS DRESS.


I already reviewed it but here is a photo


Is it possible for the seller to contact me I do have some fraying where it's coming apart after only one wash  and would like to see about an exchange.


I love this dress! Its 100% rayon so its flowy and so comfortable. I am 5'7 and 170 lbs so a large fit perfectly. It is effortlessly boho with some leather strappy sandles and turquoise jewelry.


This dress is very comfortable and pretty flattering, except most dresses I bought in a similar size fit more as expected rather than a bit larger.  But, having worn it for a while, I realize that if I'd bought the next size down it wouldn't have looked as nice.  I was worried it would be a bit transparent but I've been assured that reasonably colored underwear doesn't show through and due to the volume of the skirt it's not see-through when backlit either.  It's very pretty and soft, but the little string at the waist does nothing.  I had planned to cinch the dress in just a bit but that's ok.  The dress arrived with about half of the buttons done, so I spent a few minutes buttoning the rest of it and overall it's quite nice.


I love this dress and want to order another but I don't love all the prints.  I wish there was also a sleeveless version but I also love that there are two sleeve variations for arm-coverage preferences.  I am 5'2", 140 pounds, and currently 71/2 months pregnant (pre-pregnancy I was around 118) and the medium fits perfectly.  It was long at first but after washing and tumble-drying (another feature i love!) the length is perfect for a maxi.  I can wear flat sandals or a heeled sandal and it looks great.  The picture makes i look really low cut but I didn't find it that way on my body.  I wear a 36-38 C (but more of a D now with the baby) and I feel adequately and appropriately covered.  But there are tiny buttons down the front so you can unbutton the top if you wanna show more cleavage or from the bottom hem for more leg.  Very versatile even though it kinda looks mom-ish.


I wore this dress to work and then to a party afterward. Incredibly comfortable and complemented my figure wonderfully. I bought the "yellow" and the design is gorgeously femme and summery, my only regret is I ordered it with the summer nearly over. A great feature of this dress is that it is easily convertible from work to play, I expect next year I will be gardening in it as well! Frankly, I'd sleep in it, it's that comfortable. It also arrived here ahead of time, so the shipping was awesome.


This is getting four stars just because I love this flowing, feminine dress so much - despite it's flaws.  I'm 5'5" and this still looks cute on my 57 year-old-45lbs-overweight body.  However, it is very thin.  My bra shows and it needs a slip.  I haven't worn a slip in more than 30 years and don't own one.  It also wrinkles.  I do wish the fabric were a little heavier to avoid wrinkles and showing too much but I feel so pretty in it.


Alas, slightly frumpy and a little too big.  I got the large, am 5'8, 36B, 28 waist.  I loved the print, the light fabric, the swooping skirt--but should have ordered a medium.  Even in the right size, I think this just might look too 1980s.  Which might be fine if I were young enough not to know that! The red print with the white and grey flowers wasn't 80s, that's why I selected it, and it's really pretty.  This was ankle length on me, so I can't imagine anyone under 5'6 being able to wear it without shortening. It IS cheaply made, but I don't expect summer dresses to last more than a season or two, so that wasn't an issue for me. So, if you are tall, and get the right size, and don't remember the 80s, this should be a lovely summer dress. If you are short and busty and ever had a spiral perm and a Laura Ashley prom dress, not so much.


It's a light weight material but feels heavier than I anticipated. The elastic waist is nice. I haven't worn it yet but it seems like it's well made. I have washed & dried it & don't see any problems with it. It's got a nice flow to it. I'm 5'9" & 145# & ordered a medium. I like how it fits...a little loose which is what I prefer. As for the length, it goes down to about the middle of my lower leg. I ordered 2 different colors of this dress & am keeping both. I'm pleased with both of them.


I liked the dress a lot but I had read reviews that said it ran small so I ordered up to a large (usually a medium). The large was way too big! I also felt like this pattern was a little too much for me, especially because I was hoping to wear this to work. So I returned this one and ordered a different pattern and a size small. The small fits perfectly because this dress has a lot of stretch. I'm 5'2" and 150lbs for reference.


