I like the dress, but it was damaged. It had some noticeable bad stitching and ripped around the chest area. I’m going to order it again and hope this one comes in a good condition. Then I will decide how many stars to give. So far is not good and is a shame because the dress is very pretty.


This is the 3rd item I buy from this brand that I absolutely LOVE!!! This dress is beautiful! So light and flowy, perfect fit and very flattering. I did order a size up and now having tried the dress I probably could have gotten away without going up but glad I did for the extra room!


This is one of my favorite things that I have ordered from Amazon. It fits perfectly and looks even better than I expected. It also has real buttons all the way down which is a nice touch. Good fabric, long enough, fits well.


Too large and too long.  I ordered based off the size chart, but you may want to size down; I'm a size 12 (36DD bust and 5'3.5" tall) and ordered the red/white floral dress in an XXL.  It is a nice dress, but I will definitely need to take it in and have it shortened.


I am only giving this dress two stars because the material seems cheap. If you are larger in the chest I would definitely go with at least a medium. The dress would have fit me everywhere else, but I am a 36D and had to return a size small.


Cute but the style was a bit matronly for my liking. I retired it. I'm a true size 6, 34c and ordered a medium and it fit well.


I kind of looked like an old woman in this. :( And at 5'11", it definitely wasn't a maxi. It came to my lower calf. I returned it.


Very happy with the purchase!  The dress is light and very feminine. It fits well and is a great length for me.  I am 5"9" and it is a few inches above the ankle.  It does come very wrinkled but I suppose that is to be expected after shipping.


Perfect summer dress!  Ordered small - 5'7" 130lbs. Love love love! I received so many compliments today;  I decided to write a review.


Quality on this dress seems pretty hit or miss. Ordered the navy in a medium (5'8, 140, b-cup) and it's great! Packs well. The mint colored one I ordered next had a hole ripped in the side seam and the Hem is not symmetrical (longer on one side) worst wrinkling ever.


