Ordered this the first time and returned it right away because the colors bled throughout different parts of the material. The red flowers had dyed different parts of the dress. 2ND time it came out of the packaging and looked great. Tried it on and fits good, I'm 5'1" 140 and got a medium. The material is a bit thin, but with the green print it wasnt see thru.  I also purchased the black with gold flowers and that was see thru.  I would definitely wear a slip or shorts with the blk dress.  I'm planning on wearing them to Napa wine tasting and a casual spring wedding.


Absolutely adorable! I did get an extra large when normally I would get a large because some of the other reviews mentioned that the dress is not super roomy in the chest. This is true - it does not take into account larger boobs. Luckily the extra room going a size up helped. American Women's size 12, 34D bra size, if anyone needs the size reference. For length, this dress is a little long on me, but I'm 5'2" so that's to be expected. Can't wait to wear this at the beach this summer. I'll be buying this dress in more patterns/colors.


I really wanted to like this dress.  The fit was a little big in the chest but with an undershirt to cover cleavage it was fine.  It was also a little long (I'm 5'2") it dragged on the floor slightly and I had to pick it up on steps etc.  However, overall a flattering fit and beautifully flowing. I felt confident wearing it.


And then I washed it.  I made sure to follow the instructions carefully - cold wash and hang dry.  It shrank.  Not enough to make it unwearable as it had been a little on the large side - it was now a little tighter in the chest and was now about an inch above my ankles. This would have been OK.  But the color also ran/bled and many of the white areas now have a pink tinge.  The stitches also started to come apart especially in the elastic area under the bust. I wore the dress twice, washed it once and it now hangs in my closet waiting for me to see if I can salvage the falling apart seams.


It somewhere as expected. The only issue I had was the fact that I’m a 36 C-D  depending on where I shop. The way the stress is made the lines under the breast area do not look quite right if you are top-heavy. I am 5 foot 3 1/2 inches and it went all the way to the floor, With a  very small heeled sandal,  The length is perfect. It would also work with someone taller who doesn’t mind showing some leg, mine is this figure from an accident so I like hiding mine. All that aside I received many complements, it’s a very beautiful dress. It was also very light which was good because I wore it a very hot day.


I am so impressed with this dress. It’s beautiful, flowy and light. It is somewhat sheer so I’ll be wearing shapewear shorts under it.


I have been looking for a maternity friendly maxi that isn’t skin tight or extremely loose. I’m 5’4, 138lbs with D’s. I purchased a size small which worked perfectly except for the slight stretching in the breast portion.  I’ll definitely be able to continue wearing this dress post partum.


Side note-the dress is somewhat wrinkled but it’s okay because I have a steamer that will release all of the wrinkles.


I get SO MANY compliments when I wear this dress.  It's flowy and beautiful.  I wish the elastic band was much tighter though, as the dress is too large and would look much better if it were gathered at the waist.  I've ordered more of the dresses from this seller and have gone from large to medium.  Much better fit for me (5'6", 135 -- usually a size 6).


Okay, so it looks better on the model, but good on me too. I read a lot of mixed reviews but love this dress on and husband loves it too. I am 5'3" and about 160lbs with narrow waist and really wide hips. This dress size large was made for me! A little shear, so you do need a slip in lighter colors. Buttons all the way up front, get a buttoning tool unless you have nimble fingers. Drawstring is decorative only. Bottom hem hits the floor, and seems a tad longer in back. Will buy more. One star off because the short sleeves are kind of "ho hum".


I'm normally M, bought L based on the comments, and it fits very well. Very cute dress, excellent design idea.  However, the fabric looks much cheaper than on pictures (I bought floral print) - but still not too bad. Not at all as fancy as in the picture. Another disappointment - very uneven hem.  Just not cut well - you can lie it on a flat surface and see how unevenly it was cut.  It's quite obvious when you stand and don't move. Still, because of the price, and since it's natural fabric, decided to keep it for beach vacation.  But I'm considering fixing the hem.  And it's definitely not a fancy dress - very informal wear for beach vacation or very informal event in hot weather.


I really love the pattern of this dress, it's very attractive. This dress is comfortable too, but the top is too low cut. I knew that going in, however, so knew I would have to wear something under it. Dress is very lightweight and flowing, love that, so will be a great summer dress. I am a bit concerned with the quality, though, and wonder how many washings or even dry cleanings it can take. One of the tassel ropes came off, but I didn't like them anyway, so was no real bother. I think it is just a tiny bit loose on me though, so I would probably order a size smaller next time.


The pictures don't show that there is a drawstring up around the waist which looks stupid and has no purpose, plus, it is VERY thin and very see thru.  Liked the flow of the dress but top was buttons and they showed bra and all.  I went up a size,  usually wear a large so went extra large and the top was straining to keep the girls in.  Really was disappointed, wanted to wear to function at local club, now have to rethink all, stupid me, even order sandals to match


