The length was wonderful, but the bust was far too tight for an XXL. My wife checked the size twice and swore it fit like most L clothing she's tried on. The only problem was that the bust, while able to close was not fitted for anything really beyond an A so that the buttons in the elastic loops that serve as button holes were stretched in an unflattering way. We grabbed a measuring tape and it was within the advertised range. The first few buttons were great and everything below her rib cage looked fine, just quite snug around the bust. Just be aware that, while you may be in the range for it to "fit" it may not be the most flattering fit out there.


The first time I wore this dress, I got compliments from complete strangers. Four unrelated people stopped me to tell me how pretty my dress was. I immediately ordered three more from this vendor in different colors and styles. The dress is comfortable, cool (it's summer where I live), and the skirt section moves beautifully as I walk (flows). I'm busty, so I have to wear a camisole with it, but it's a nice look anyway. I would recommend hand washing only and take it out of the dryer the instant it's dry, then hang it up. It was very wrinkled when it arrived, but it fluffed up nicely in the dryer.


The dress is better than I expected.  I read a review on it and decided to give it a shot. It's always hard to find a dress that fits me as a bustier woman but I love the way it swings against my ankles. It feels great.


This dress is lightweight and perfect for summer. However, I am 5ft3in and 113lbs the size small is very loose. I ordered XS and it fits better but is very long. I received compliments for this dress.


I'll start off by saying that I ordered the largest size of this dress as I have a DD chest. It buttons, barely, and there are huge gaps in the buttons because they are STRUGGLING to stay buttoned. That being said, I plan to wear it over my bathing suit and will most likely leave the top unbuttoned. It's really gorgeous. Great, light fabric, elastisized button loops, perfect length, and VERY flattering. Most likely won't order another one because of the chest sizing, but am looking forward to wearing this on my honeymoon!


The reviews made this dress seem like it was going to be great....I was so disappointed. It looks so cheap, the hem line at the bottom of the dress was at least 3 inches off. The material is so thin and wrinkles very easily.  Save your time and money and buy something else.


It's absolutely beautiful, I was sceptical because some reviews says the material was cheap, but it seems bet high quality to me, not sheer, but very silky and flowy. I am 120 lbs, 5'4" and the dress is a tad long, so I have to wear heels. It's a beautiful dress.


This is definitly a five star dress with style and flow but for me it is not machine dryable which it does not say on the label unfortunately. It was fun, light , moving dress but crinkled and shrunk after washing. It also needs to be ironed after washing. Not something I am willing to do. I am thinking of trying it again though. Did get a lot of compliments wearing this dress.


Beautiful dress, it is airy and flowy. It is not the best quality, but it is perfect for a $30 dress. After reading reviews I ordered this dress on my regular size not really expecting it to fit, and it fits really well, it only opened a bit on the chest area but nothing a little safety pin can't fix. Be aware though, this dress is absolutely see-through. I had to wear a nude slip under it to avoid showing my undergarments.


I love these dresses!! I have purchased three from this seller and all of them have been a big hit. I paired them with a hat and booties for a completed look. They fit nicely on the top (true to form) and a little loose on the bottom which is nice if you don’t want anything too clingy. Gives you the A-line silhouette. I would say to go down a size if you are between sizes unless you want something more on the baggy end. I am a 36DD, 5’5 and purchased larges for all three dresses. I wash them in cold water and hang dry so they do not shrink. I Would highly recommend.


