I love this dress! I am not a fan of floral prints, so I ordered the purple dress because it's more of a calico print. It is adorable and very springy. I normally wear a medium in tops, and a medium or large in skirts, and I ordered a large and it fits perfectly. Probably a medium would have fit too but for summer I didn't want it to be too tight-fitting. The skirt is VERY flow-y. Just walking around in this dress makes me happy. Flattering to one's curves and very comfortable.


This dress is absolutely adorable and much better quality than I expected it to be.  The pattern is gorgeous and the material is soft.  The white one is a little more sheer so I'm definitely going to buy a slip to wear underneath.  I followed the size chart in the pictures of the dress and it fits great.  I ordered a medium and my measurements are: 5'4" tall, 34B bust, 27" waist and 34" hips.  Without wearing shoes, the dress is about an inch or two from the floor in the front and just barely touches the floor in the back.  There is also a section of elastic just below the bust, which I'm not usually a fan of but you can't really see it and it does make the dress more comfortable to move around it.  Overall, this was a fantastic purchase and I'm very happy with it.


I love this dress but I'm swimming in it. I purchased the orange short sleeve version and the material is very soft and flowy. For reference I am 5'4" 120lbs with 34C bust, 27, 36 - and according to the size chart, i should get a medium which i did and i was swimming in it, like literally over 2 inches loose all around. I needed a dress to wear for a beach dinner so it was too late to return. Tried to shrink it (its rayon so it will shrink but be careful) by soaking in warm water and tumbled dry in delicate cycle with a few dry towels. It shrank by about an inch all over and 3 inches length but was still too big but manageable. I will be re-orderig other colors in small.


I love this dress.  I ordered the largest size that was offered hoping it would fit because I love the pic  of it and had to have it. I am 5'8" and 190 lbs. But I have a  small bust. It comes to heal level in back and slightly shorter in front on me. The dress fit like a dream. I steamed it to remove wrinkles from being packaged. I wore it shopping today and got several compliments on it. I felt so beautiful and very feminine wearing it. I am going to order 1 or  2 more in different colors. But I think this one  will still be my favorite.


Okay, so the dress actually looks like the picture.


I went by the size chart provided by the seller and it fits as expected.


The fabric is a little thin, and the neckline a little low. The dress is unhemed but is stiched on the edge. I think they do that so you can pick the length. As for the quality of craftsmanship, not so much. None of the threads are trimmed, some of the buttons are loose, too, and there is this white cotton cording sewed at the waste that totally dosent belong on the dress, but that is an easy fix. I was going to keep the dress and fix it up a little...then I went to iron it, and that is when I noticed that the design on the fabric was incomplete in several places.  There is no fixing that so, back it went.


The dress material and design is really pretty except it was big on me. I usually wear a medium but I think a small size would have been a better fit. I'm about 5'1" 140 lbs, 34C. The length hit perfectly on the floor to wear flats/sandals/small heels but the sleeves and shoulder didn't fill out and looked funny. The elasticity of the waist band is nice but doesn't help give someone shape if they want it (you can use a belt but I'm not a fan). I did return it because of the sizing and unfortunately won't have time to order a smaller size to try it out before I leave on my trip. Maybe I just prefer the dress to be more fitted and that's also a personal opinion so please don't let this discourage you from trying out this dress because it really is pretty and for the price, you can't bet it.


The dress material and design is really pretty except it was big on me. I usually wear a medium but I think a small size would have been a better fit. I'm about 5'1" 140 lbs, 34C. The length hit perfectly on the floor to wear flats/sandals/small heels but the sleeves and shoulder didn't fill out and looked funny. The elasticity of the waist band is nice but doesn't help give someone shape if they want it (you can use a belt but I'm not a fan). I did return it because of the sizing and unfortunately won't have time to order a smaller size to try it out before I leave on my trip. Maybe I just prefer the dress to be more fitted and that's also a personal opinion so please don't let this discourage you from trying out this dress because it really is pretty and for the price, you can't bet it.


This dress is so pretty! The colors are lovely. I am 5'5" and about 200lbs, give or take, depending on the week.  I have a short torso so the waist fits like an empire waist. It is really comfortable. I plan to wear this with white leggings/tights because of the slit in the front, however, the buttons can be buttoned up lower down than it shows in the picture. The dress hits me at my ankles. I ordered an XL and it fits perfectly. The dress comes wrinkled, so you will need to steam it or lightly wash and hang dry.


I went with the Medium.  I'm currently 9 months pregnant, around 174 lbs (pre-pregnancy 150 lbs), bra size 36 D, and 5' 2.5."  I read a lot of other reviewers' comments, and waffled between a Medium and a Large, but I'm glad I went with a Medium, as it fits just right.  The waist cinches in comfortably above the bump, and the chest and sleeves fit perfectly.  On a side note, most of my pregnancy weight gain has been in my bump and chest area, and my arms are still on the smaller side, so if you're worried about the sleeves fitting, you might order up a size.  I'm currently taking the hem up about 2.5 inches so it doesn't drag when I wear it with flats.  Great dress and value, perfect for ordinary or maternity wear.


Beautiful dress, I was so excited to get it. Planned on wearing it for Easter. However the top was too tight. I could button it just barely ( by the way, it has a lot of loops for buttons, time consuming and annoying.) But the deciding factor was how tight it was on my shoulders. It made it look like I had shoulder pads on. I have wide shoulders so it might work for some of you. I would have tried a bigger size but then the bottom would have been huge.The Chinese need to learn we aren't all 5'2" and 100 lbs.


