Beautiful pattern to the “red” option. Fabric is nice, but I’m concerned if it will wrinkle easy (haven’t steamed it yet). I am a size 14/16, and am 5’9”. I required the XXL, and it fits perfectly. The bodice may be a problem (snug) for women with a large chest, but I still encourage you to try it out as the pattern is so beautiful.


Updating my original review:


The fabric is not color fast. See photo attached.


Original review:


Nice fit, well made, ironed up beautifully, comfortable to wear and at 5'7" it hit me at the ankles. I'll buy it again in a different pattern.


It is a beautiful dress. The material is soft. The stitching seems a little cheap, like it's going to fall apart easily...maybe it's the rayon? I don't know. For the price, it is lovely. I will need to wear a cami/slip under it because the buttons leave a bit of a gap here and there.


I absolutely LOVE this dress! I was a little worried about the length since I'm 5'4, but it's actually just right. The print is beautiful and the little buttons in the front break up the pattern of the dress. The sleeves aren't too tight around my arms and It flows so pretty down my body. It's perfect I want to live in this dress. I'll definitely be buying more prints of this!!


(I'm 130 lbs and 5'4 and I bought a medium)


Colors are very pretty, but the dress was large and the waist too high for me.  Also there is so much volume in the skirt that I will have to shorten it to make it wearable as you can't bend over without it touching the ground.  I am 5' 2" and do have a long waist, so it may just be issue particular to myself.  Seller was very kind in return process.  Would buy from them again.


The waistline of the dress does not hit the natural waistline is more empire height.  Be prepared to do a lot of ironing, unless of course you're into the very wrinkled look which I'm not, as the dress comes in a plastic bag extremely wrinkled.  Once ironed, the dress flows beautifully and is very feminine. Time will time how well the dress holds-up.  Should work for a summer wedding.


I absolutely love this dress! I received many compliments. The material is light and see through so some nude underwear is necessary. It's not very forgiving for those who are bustier since the button loops are elastic. If you are bigger up top a cami underneath will work just fine and leave a few buttons up top undone. I do plan on purchasing more in different colors.


I'm 5'8" & the dress was floor length with uneven, unfinished hem. Hem length varied as much as 3-4". Paid to have dress hem evened up & shortened to midi. Dress fits/moves well. I'm happy with the fabric colors  & design.


I LOVE THIS DRESS!!! I bought it for Easter and it was perfect. I received a lot of compliments. It could be just slightly larger in the bust, but there is a small piece of fabric behind the buttons that helps keep your girls from being exposed and the button loops are elastic so there is some give. I usually wear a 10-12 in women’s, 36-38C bust, 5’2”, 170lbs. I ordered an XL and it was perfect! I’ll be ordering more in different colors.


-Lacey-


Love the dress if I could change anything I would replace buttons with snaps or ship it buttoned .


22 buttons and it came with 4 buttoned . It was so hard to close these buttons I had to stop like I'm doing now because its so small cramps my hands. I have 8 more to go and it's not fun.


