Very pretty/flowy dress! My measurements are 37 bust/32 waist/43 hips. The medium fit perfectly. The top fits snug, while the skirt is very loose and billowy. My only complaint is that the sleeves are super loose on my regular to slightly large sized arms, so they don't sit nicely, but rather stick out a bit. Totally fixable though!


The dress is flattering and comfortable. Rhe peint is nice. I would love to give this dress 5 stars - HOWEVER - the quality was lacking! The dress I received was COVERED in small holes. The bottom hemline was missed in the stitches


  I did not see these issues until after I washed the item.  Here I go, off to holiday dinners with a hole filled rag for a brand new dress.  Very sad customer as I love the dress.


This dress was very poorly made. When it arrived it was very wrinkled and it was difficult to tell there was a problem.I steamed the dress and I could easily see the problem. The seam down the back did not lay flat. There was bunching all along the seam. This caused the back, center of the dress to be shorter than the rest of the dress. The sides of the dress hit at my ankle and the back hit much higher. It looked really silly. The material was very thing but the print was beautiful. I may have had a single, defective dress but I was very disappointed. I will be returning the dress.


Sized weird, I followed the chart, but I should have just gone up to a large (i normally wear a women's medium) instead of a xxl (the chart says that is my size). Fabric is beautiful. The buttons have gaps in between even though it was huge on me. Returned and have yet to receive a refund (it's been about 10 days I think)


Excellent quality fabric and good, stretchy fit. I am 5'6" and 36B. The medium fits comfortably, with nice length (almost hits the floor barefoot). The only weird thing is that the medium is not much larger than the small sized dress that I bought in another pattern. I purchased this as a maternity dress and it works very well! I have lots of room to grow. One thing I didn't expect from the pictures is that the dress looks slightly puritan... very modest on my frame.


When I say this dress makes me feel and look good! Love it will buy another print very soon. The fit was perfect so was the length.


I bought another one and I will say it fit different from the first one I bought, but still looks lovely on me. Will be buying one more soon, I really love these dresses.


I couldn't be more obsessed with this dress. Bought it for family pictures in the mountains and it was gorgeous! I love dresses and own way too many and this is definitely one of my favorites! So flattering and beautiful. And such an amazing price. I ordered my regular size (L) and it fits perfectly. We will see how it holds up after it washes!


I love the red and white floral dress, the pattern is pretty and it looks even nicer in person than it does pictured. However, it arrived with broken button loops. I have emailed the seller for an exchange and will update my review if they get back to me and a satisfactory new item is shipped. I am a little afraid that if I exchange for a new dress the fit will be different, as some of the reviews state that the tailoring is often wildly off.


I also ordered the light green dress and the cut is very different. The hem is uneven and odd, the waist band is hire and looks stretched, which makes me look much wider than I am. And the cut on the top is just off. I will be returning it as it is very unflattering.


I hope they can exchange the red and white floral for a dress that fits well, is cut properly, and is not damaged. Especially since I was very excited to wear that one.


The print is pretty but I looked like a sister wife so not for me. Also the bust line hit me too high so it rests mid breast on me rather than below so I would have to size up which would result in the dress too billowy elsewhere.


I love this dress! I'm 5'3" 145 and 34ddd.... I ordered an XL because some reviews said order a size up and it fits perfectly. The dress just hits the floor and goes in at the waist. I probably could have got away with ordering a large but I have not washed the dress yet, only tried it on...  I will be ordering in a different color.


