Initially I ordered a large because that's what I normally wear, but it was too large.  Missed the return window so I'll have to give that one away.  But the medium fit perfect and hangs well.  Very pretty.  Nice material for summer.


I am 5'6" and 185 pounds. I bought the XL and it fits great! So flowy and can' t wait to wear it to my friend wedding next month. It shipped on time. My only gripe is the buttons on the top. The fastens are made with some elastic string. I am a 38 D so everytime I breathe the bodice part stretched a bit. There is extra fabric that covers up but it makes the bodice look a little weird. I will probably just safety pin it when I go to the wedding.


I am a large 16 and was able to model this dress.  I am 5'6" and is tea length.


The material is lovely as well as the make.


I was going to take it on my cruise coming up, but it fits just much to tight in bust area. I am going to set it aside and use it as an incentive​.


If you purchase this, but the next larger size.


Beautiful colors and a size S fit perfectly on my upper body, with just enough room to move around comfortably (34C bust, normal dress size 8-9) but it was too long for me (4'11"), even with a 3 inch heel.  The dress itself was made of good quality, breathable material.


I am 5 ft 7 and a 34D


The medium fit perfectly and I wore it with flats and a Jean jacket for my engagement shoot! Here is one of the epic photos from our amazing photographer Ryan Chard Smith in California! So in love with this dress for photos :)


I wore a slip underneath based on others reviews!


It was so beautiful and flowy!!! Recommend!


This runs smaller than expected.  Other reviews warned of this but I wasn’t sure so I ordered 1 each in XL (my normal size) & XXL which is normally too large.  Because I am in my late sixties, the arms on the XL were very tight and made the dress uncomfortable.  The XXL fit perfectly.  I am returning the XL size for an identical dress in the larger size.  Other than the fit, I love this dress.


I love this dress. I would give it 4.5 because as I have washed it twice the stitching on one loop and one tie has come undone. Not a big deal - I can still wear it and no one will notice.


It looks great and is overall very comfortable


I bought  this to wear to an Asian Indian wedding celebration.  I wore lots of gold and red jade jewelry with this dress..  It was perfect.  I purchased a large because the reviews mentioned that it was snug through the bust.  I liked this style so much that I purchased two more  of this same style but in different colors.


The dress is very comfortable and soft..I weigh 148 and I'm 5'6 and I ordered the medium. It fit perfectly fine.My arms are chubby but the sleeves fit very well.Only issue is the buttons, they kind of don't close entirely on my chest and I'm an A cup..it leaves little gaps..And the buttons are a bit hard to put on but other than that it's great.


Beautiful flowing dress.  However, the dress was not hemmed evenly - it is longer on the right side making it look lobsided.  The longer side touches floor.  Love the cool material.  I wear 14 and bought XL, so it was just a little loose, but perfect.  It has a full flow, so no one noticed the even hemline!!!


