This is one of the best online purchases I’ve ever made. The dress is gorgeous and photographs beautifully, as evidenced by my engagement photos, attached. I would never have thought I could get such a perfect dress on Amazon! It’s very reasonably priced, yet looks expensive. Love the tassel tie and button details. Grewt movement, and super comfy too! Might just have to get another color!


If my review helped you make an informed decision, please mark it as helpful below!


I love it. I am 5-7 and 38 bust. I typically wear a size 12 or large. After reading the reviews, I sized up, and I am very glad I did. The dress fits perfectly. It is not tight, and the elastic under the bust is quite comfortable. The front buttons with elastic loops, not button holes, and they end slightly above my knees. The neckline is fine, and the dress stops just at my feet. Someone shorter than I might have to hem it. The material is cool and silky to the touch. I will probably wear a short slip, as it is a bit sheer with backlight, and I am self-conscious. I would definitely buy it again. (In fact, seriously thinking about it now...


The M size dress I will first describe the positives:  light feeling material, coloring very attractive.


But it was too long height-wise (like a maxi dress) so it was thought that a light wash & dry, the length might be corrected...uh, yes, after a wash, the hem became perfect, but of course, the rest of the dress shrunk, too (weird that sometimes rayon washes well, sometimes not...this one was a not). It can still fit, but snug, if you like that sexy, less than comfortable way to wear. This is for a 5'3, 120 lb woman so I guess next time I would order a Large.


This is a beautiful dress.  I've worn it to several different occasions, from a funeral to a dinner.  It goes well with either heels or flats.  This print is very pretty and I think the style of the dress is flattering.  It is long, so just be aware if you are short.  I am just shy of 5'5" and it falls about three inches above my ankles.  You can dress is up or down by adding either a blazer type jacket or jean jacket.  It washes well too.  I hung it up to dry and then after drying put it in the dryer to soften and remove any wrinkles.  No shrinking or losing shape after washing.


Adorable maxi dress! I'm not one who likes maxi dresses but my best friend bought the red and white one and I loved it on her so I just had to try it. I did order a size up from my normal size and I'm glad I did. I personally didn't like the tassels that came attached to the dress but I was able to cut them off and no one could ever tell. Another thing is that the dress has buttons down the front starting from the bust all the way till mid thigh I think. Honestly I don't have to unbutton or rebuttom them to put on the dress. I can slip it over my head without a problem. The colors are absolutely perfect for spring.


Bought dress for work - unfortunately the buttons do not fasten over fabric causing a slight gap from below breast down, leaving the body exposed underneath.  Dress was cute, nice fabric...lots of fabric..could do with a little less fabric 'flair' and be a little more tailored still keeping with comfort and flair.  Would be cute as a summer dress with a bathing suit...or if you don't mind the small gap exposing your bare belly and 'all'.


I love this dress so much that I bought 3 of them in different colors! I get compliments every time I wear them. I'm 5'3" 140lbs and ordered a medium. Noticed that it fit well but was a little loose. After I washed it, it shrunk a little so now it fits better. The 3rd one I ordered was a size small and it fits better than the medium. I haven't washed it yet so not sure how it will fit after washing.


This dress is a beautiful floral pattern, and doesn't feel cheap at all. The fabric is a little bit thin, and there are weird strings that I cannot determine the use for. That being said, it looks like a quality dress and survived a trip through the washer and dryer successfully (which is always good to know).


I would definitely consider buying a second one in a different patter.


Seriously though, what is the purpose the weird strings though? I can't figure that one out.


There is no quality control here. The first dress had one side 4" longer than the other. But I liked it well enough to try again. This one was long enough to drag the ground. I am having it hemmed, because, yes, I like it well enough. I normally take a large but ordered XL based on reviews. A large would have fit better, but loose is better than tight and I need it for a special occasion. It is flattering for pears like me.  ( I wear a 36DD bra.)


Over all is a nice dress and I like the print a lot. Is comfortable. I am 5'3" and I use heels for this dress because is longer in the back and still touch the floor a little on the back.  I use pants size 14 and In dress I am normally a L or XL. I buy the XL and it is ok because I am breastfeeding (I am 36/38D). For next time I will select a L to use it after breastfeeding.


