This is a great dress! I'm 5'8.5" and have an awful time finding dresses that aren't extremely large and are long enough- and this dress is perfect!  Where I live has extremely humid and hot summers, and this dress is light and airy.  It arrived early and was packaged well.


I am 5'6 and 130 lbs, and I got a small....it fits like a dream. The dress is so pretty, and the material is light and will be so comfortable in these sweltering New Orleans summer days.


Beautiful dress! I'm 5'7, 120lb, small size fits perfect. However I can't give it five stars because I'm a little disappointed about quality of the dress.


Beautiful dress, stretchy midsection makes it comfy and the fabric is light and airy, perfect for summer. The slit is adjustable depending on how much leg you want to show, which is nice. It's very flowy and a good dancing/twirling dress with nice flare.


Perfect post c-section dress! I needed something that wouldn't rub against the incision, would help hide the mummy tummy, and would allow me to easily feed baby. This is perfect! Plus, I feel pretty in this, which is really a challenge one week after having a baby!


For other soon-to-be-mom's, I'm 5'3" and was 155 lbs at 37 weeks just before delivering (have not yet braved the scale since delivering), now 34C, and the size small is just right.


I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS DRESS!!!!


I have a photo of it on my instagram, but it is BEAUTIFUL! my mom even bought it for herself.


Had to return this as it fit everywhere except the bust - and was VERY small.  I am generous up top - but don't usually have that much of a variance on clothes.  Was a shame as the dress really does look lovely.


I love it. Comfortable, easy to maintain. I do not like all of the tiny buttons so I make sure that I keep all of the buttons hooked up except for when I put it on or take it off.


Love this dress. It was a little too loose on the top. But it shrank a little after one wash. Now it fits pretty well. It's well weighted so it drapes well. But when you walk, the bottom flows nicely too. I love it. It falls to my ankles.


I ordered two sizes up from my medium to an XL for this dress - no stretch.


If you have a wide mid-section in either direction this dress will not work.


You need a slip or show yourself to the world.


