Love this dress! Fit as expected, makes me feel special. I don’t know what it is but the fit and style is just super cute. Not too revealing and not to matronly... just sexy and cute. Great dress! Love the bright red color too!!!


I ordered a size medium and returned for a small, the waist is very forgiving nothing too constricting but still looks flattering. I am 5'3, 130 pounds. I wore for birthday wine tasting. Lots of compliments! Love it! Order the red dress with flowers.


Would have gotten 5 but mine arrived with a broken button. I love this dress. Got it because most dresses I have are a heavier fabric and we have hot summers. Its the perfect weight. Fits beautifully.


The dress itself is very pretty and I got several compliments on it. It was a little too snug across my chest and a little tight on my arms but the rest of the dress was very flowy and beautiful. I'm not sure if the elastic was supposed to be just under the bust or at the natural waist but on me it was just under the bust. I think it would have looked better at my natural waist but I still enjoyed wearing it for Easter.


This dress is lovely, light, flowy, and fits perfectly in my normal size, medium. I have only worn it once, but am very pleased with it so far! I will definitely be ordering more dresses from this seller.


Wow! New fav! Just might order one in every color! Perfect and light/thin fabric. Beautiful design. Flowy. Not clingy. Little snug in are pits and chest but im 227lb/40C/5'6" and got xxl.. Still totally fits great! 5 lbs off it should be perfect. Doesn't drag on ground but is past ankles in back. I love it! Def buy one! If ur bigger in chest tho, it might not work.


One of my favourite dresses (and I have A LOT of dresses...).  Worked amazingly for my photoshoot!


Photo credit: Doug Sanford


I ordered a L because I am always a size 12, size L in tops and dresses and I’m a 38 DD-DDD. This isn’t stretchy at all so there’s no give in the chest so if you’re bigger chested I would size up. I have to return and order an XL. Other than that the dress fits great and is very flattering! Light and airy and not see through. I’m 36 weeks pregnant and it fits well, can’t wait to wear it for family pictures after baby!


Adore these dresses.  A bit cheaply made but the look is so cute and airy.


I'm 5'8, I usually wear a size 12 in dresses. I ordered an XL to be on the safe side because I'm a 34DD and didn't want the buttons to be busting. Great purchase, I ordered the pink floral print. It's light, flowy, it's not see-through. Fits perfectly. I probably could have gotten away with ordering a Large, but it fits fine on the bust area and the waist stretches.


