I wear XL and a few larges... based on size chart this should have fit perfectly. Can't even button closed this XL?? Guess this will go into the box of "when I lose weight" now. Not expensive enough to hassle a return.


Also, if it did fit, needs a slip since there is a slight gap between buttons the full length of dress. Not a big deal, but not a good summer dress if another layer of a slip makes you hot.


i LOVE LOVE this dress...light and airy, comfortable and made me feel pretty. I love how its casual enough to wear anywhere but definitely something I could dress up. I'm 5'7, 145 lbs, 36D and ordered a M. It was a bit tight in the chest when I first put it on but I didn't notice it while I was wearing it so a non issue.


This dress is perfect! I am 5'7 and typically go for a large, which is the size I purchased, and it is a comfortable yet stylish fit. It isn't so long that it drags on the floor, but when I go up stairs I have to take the time to make sure I haven't stepped on it. It's rayon, but think it is rather breezy. The v-neck is shows enough cleavage without feeling like my boobs are going to fall out of them and the buttons that go down the front are elastic-y, so I don't feel like I'm going to pop one accidentally. I love it and am already considering giving it as a birthday present to a friend! 5/5!


Hello! I am 6 foot, size 8 and 38 C. A friend of mine was wearing the light green version of this dress and I knew I had to get myself one. I ordered a few different colors since not all the makes are the same ....I'm still a little skeptical about buying clothes online since I'm so tall. I love the print of the "red" dress, but I had a little bit of an issue with the fit. I had ordered a large, and while the length was just tolerably a smidge too short, the real issue was that my chest didn't fit without the buttons pulling all the way apart. I was bummed, but I ended up returning this one because it was either wear a tank under the dress or let my girls hang all out.  I did however keep the "black green" dress. It has a little bit of a different make with longer sleeves and a better fitting top.  The buttons start a little lower so there isn't as much pulling.  This one was also a large so it was long enough, but it does look big in the mid section so it's good for an all you can eat taco night.  I hope this helps all my tall ladies out there!


I love this dress! I purchased it months ago and have worn it several times - to weddings and a work function. The quality of the fabric is really good,  but does get quite wrinkly after a wash or storing it in luggage. So be prepared for that if you’re traveling. It does not get wrinkly while you’re wearing it. The print is very pretty. It’s also very flowy and makes you want to twirl around in it. I read several reviews before deciding on the right size. I usually wear a large (I am 5’1”; dress size 12/14), but because I am very busty, I decided to go with the XL. It fits my bust perfectly and the buttons don’t stretch out.  It is a little too billowy though in the area below the bust, but this is easily fixed by wearing a belt to define that area. The neckline is modest and I like the short little sleeves. I highly recommend this dress!


Love this dress!  So flowy and fits so nice!  I wore it out and about one day and have never gotten so many compliments on a dress before!  Its not the best made, it came with a hole in one of the seems on the skirt part of the dress, but with my little bit of sewing abilities it will be easy to fix!  I still love the dress even with the imperfection considering the price!


This is the dress of your DREAMS. I am 5'4", weigh 160, 36C and I ordered a Medium. It is TRUE TO SIZE, and this dress fits me PERFECTLY, like a glove, and is a perfect length for my shorter frame. BUT, I do have a bit "thicker" upper arms, and it is on the verge of "snug." If you have "thinner" arms or a smaller bust than I do, you may want to try a Small. It has an elegant feel that can be dressed up with heels or dressed down with flip flops. I feel like I could wear it to a wedding if styled right, or out to a casual dinner with my boyfriend. It is a rayon fabric, so it WILL SHRINK if it's not washed in cold water ONLY. It will need to be ironed or washed right away as it comes wrinkled. GORGEOUS, if you're on the fence, don't hesitate. This is to die for and I'm ordering another one!!!


If u generally wear medium like me then go with medium.. bust 34, waist 30,height 5.4ft ordered XL green floral dress looking at the size chart but the dress is way too loose for me.. I should have ordered medium and the dress is a see through so u have to buy a slip for sure..


Great dress! I bought an XL and it fit very comfortable, not tight but not baggy. Enough wiggle room. I wear a 34ddd, waist is 31 (ish?), hips maybe 44? This dress could accommodate a larger chest/waist/hips.  A Large would have fit me better but would have been too tight in the chest and arms. I have to wear a slip underneath otherwise it's indecent.


this dress is beautiful and fits great!!  I have a hard time ordering dresses, because I am 5'11".  Most dresses, even when ordered in extra large sizes are not long enough in places.  The last ones waist hit halfway down my boobs.  This dress fits great all over!  I love it and love the fabric and colors.


