This dress is MORE beautiful in person. I was very hesitant as clearly it is a dress being sold on Amazon. I wasn't sure of what to expect, but I was satisfied from the moment I opened the package! The colors are more brilliant in person and the fit is perfect and true to size. I am beyond happy with my purchase! :)


I'm 5'2 140 lbs and bought a medium. The dress has beautiful print and fabric but its too big for me. I could probably wear it just fine but I like a more form fitting bodice. With this style and cut I feel like I look like my mother. Returning with high hopes on a small and will write another review when that comes in.


*Update. I really really wanted to love this dress. (Like checking tracking waiting at the door for the postman for it.) First I ordered a medium which was too big then bought a small which was much better. I was happy to find that the dress wasnt too long and just touched the floor. But for now it just doesn't work for me. I just didn't feel comfortable in it. I hate my arms and it seemed to accentuate them as well as make me look top heavy. The sleeves have a slight poof at the top which give the arms a bigger look and stand out. I did gain some weight (15 pounds which is a lot on my frame and hard to be comfortable in anything) and will try it again when I am a smaller size again. The dress is lovely and I wish I could wear it with confidence, it's just my shape that doesn't fit it.


Was skeptical but OMG, I love it. Size up! I'm 5'1" 200lbs. I purchased an XL. I've been wearing it for about an hour and have already received so many compliments on it! I'll be purchasing like at least 4 more!


I purchased the Yellow-green, short-sleeve dress, size medium (no freebies for me!).


This dress is absolutely dreamy!  The fabric a a very soft rayon challis.  I think it is thick enough.  With the amount of "flow" in the skirt, a slip isn't really needed.  The buttons close with tiny woven loops.  It might be a bit difficult if you have big fingers or arthritis.  I am able to pull the dress on, over my head, without undoing any buttons.  I will probably sew the entire front "closed" so buttons will be permanently done.


I am 5'2", 115 lbs, 34D with 26"waist (too much information?).  It is floor-length on me, so I will be cutting about 4" off the bottom and then hemming it anew.  With this piece of fabric, I might make a discretion "bib" to attach across the cleavage.


At age 58, the dress style does not feel or look too young.  Both my husband and 18 year old son declared it terrific (ds is a particularly strict critic!).


This dress fabric style & fabric is beautiful, unfortunately the measurements are way off. I am a size14 or 16 depending on who is the manufacturer. So I ordered a L & an XL to be sure one would fit. They sent one wrong size(a XXXL) and the arm holes and little cap sleeves were still too small for me to wear either of the dresses at all. I do work out and have biceps, but even my size 10 daughter said the dress measurements were way off. To make matters worse the wanted me to return the dresses at my own expense and to two different warehouses. So much for the Amazon Marketplace. I'm very frustrated with this company and will never try them again.


Purchased three of these dresses: one each, in Red, Light Green and Yellow.


To begin, the dresses are very pretty and accurate to the images provided. The material is soft and flowing, but that is about where the good news ends.


Size:


Good thing I trusted my own judgement and did not follow the size chart. The dresses run large and suggest ordering a size or two down, rather than up. According to the chart, I should have ordered XXL, for bust measurements over 37 - 38 inches. Instead, I ordered Large and likely could have gotten away with a Medium, but why push it?


Buttons and closures:


Fastening the buttons, is a nightmare, if you have long fingernails. The seller would have done well, to include a button hook, with each dress, to avoid the frustration of trying to pull the small elastic loops, over the tiny buttons. I dug out a hook, left over from a hook rug kit and it was my joyous solution to fastening the buttons. The 22 buttons, run to just above the knee, if anyone is wondering.


Length:


Although it appears the dresses would be long, I assumed the length would be fine, with a pair of 3 inch heels. I am 5 feet 3 inches, but these dresses are VERY long and even with 5 inch spikes, were not high enough to get away with, not having to hem the dresses.


Hem:


The hem is a serge hem, suitable for the inside of a garment, but not for a hem that shows. Basically, the dress is cheaply made, but not terrible, with corners cut, to reduce labor costs.


The circumference of the hem is 208 inches or nearly 6 yards of hemming to deal with - yes, it surely flows and flows and flows...


If the dress is too long, as is my case, you have the choice of spending 3 to 4 hours hemming the dress, by hand or spending more than you paid for the dress, to have a tailor or your local dry cleaners, do the work for you. After receiving the quotes, I decided to spend nearly 4 hours, hemming by hand. Make sure to iron the dress, BEFORE, you hem, because the dresses gain an extra 2 inches, after being ironed. That is how wrinkled, they will arrive.


Care:


Last, but not last, you better enjoy ironing, as well. The dresses are poorly packaged, with no cardboard or pins to hold it in place, after being placed in the zip bags. So, they slip down, during shipping and handling and end up a wrinkled mess.


Used - Like New:


The yellow dress, appears to have been a return, because this one was not even folded, but rather crumpled in a ball and thrown back into the bag, that someone never even bothered to close, let alone fold properly. That aggravated me, since the dresses are sold as New, not Used - Like New, which at least would have been honest and would not have purchased.


Material:


The material the dresses are made of, although relatively easy to iron, wrinkles very easily. This is the type of dress, that after it is ironed, you want to take it with you, to change at your destination, so you don't arrive looking like you did not spend an hour or more ironing it. A steamer will likely work well on this fabric, so that's an alternate option.


I am still debating if I want to return the two, I have not yet hemmed and would not purchase this particular dress again. I doubt they will last for more than a few uses.


 I absolutely LOVED my dress. I admit my arms are bigger than the norm so the sleeves were too tight for me. Luckily I have an amazingly talented mother that added some material from another part of the dress to my sleeves which made them fit perfectly. She also sewed the top portion shut as quite a bit of my goodies showed with just the bottons it came with.


Tons of compliments on my dress and someone even asked if it’s vintage.


My husband bought me a lovely floor length vintage style robe with faux fur lining that in my spare time I don't ever want to take off and I basically live in it now every morning what I'm at the house, problem is I can't walk the kids too school, or get the mail, or sit on my porch for tea in just my robe so I was looking for something I could wear under my robe that would compliment the vintage elegance of the robe and that I could wear to sleep/lounge and then be able to take the robe off at home and just wear the dress out in public without having to change for my quick morning errands and this serves that exact function. Its soft, light, not too restrictive, the fabric and pattern are just lovely, fabric is not hot and it looks just like the picture. The only complaint I have is the buttons like to pop out of the little bands and there are so many of them it gets annoying. However other then that its perfect and the seller shipped it fast! My bra size 36G and I have a 35 waist wear a size 14 dress and the XXL fits perfectly. I plan on buying more to wear this spring in different prints.


Beautiful dress. Very light weight which is great for those hot humid days of summer. The biggest issue I have with the dress and the reason for 3 stars is that it's WAY too long. The model has to be like 6ft or something. I'm average female height of 5'5" and this dress drags on the ground so it will need to be hemmed. To top it off the capped sleeves are extremely tight. It's definitely wearable but will need some alterations to wear comfortably.


PERFECT and BEAUTIFUL!  I just got my dress today and I am SO pleased with the quality and the look.  I'm 5'8 157 pounds and this fits beautifully as a medium.  The dress ends just at my ankles, which is perfect because I don't want it dragging on the floor.  I was a little worried that the medium would fit too snug but that was not an issue at all, in fact I think if I had gone large it might have been though.


The colors and the look are JUST as pictured, and there were no weird smells.  I would get more dresses from this seller.


