I try to wear the dress this pass Sunday but when I put the dress the dress was to tight around arm and around my chest but length of the dress was okay I no program which that


I just got this in the red/white and tried it on. LOVE! It's flattering, the fabric is cool, it's long enough on me (5'10"), the slit isn't ridiculously high, and I can breastfeed in it! I'm headed back to look for another color.


I find the dress very true to size.  I am 5'9" and wear a 10/12.  After reading reviews I ordered an XL.  It is VERY big.  I could have easily worn a m.  Thev dress is definitely American sizing.


It's very beautiful and light.  It's a perfect summer dress!


I am 5’7” and 160lbs, a size Large fit me perfectly and touches the ground without heels on. After I steamed out the wrinkles It is soft and comfortable. The white is a little see-through so I use a slip. The fabric is thin and the buttons aren’t super sturdy but overall beautiful  dress for the price!


I love this dress! I feel glorious in it. Looks much more expensive that the $26 I paid for it. Can wear it to a dressy event if needed! The one time I've worn it, I've had so many compliments that I was almost embarrassed!


Love it! I'm 5'7, 135 lbs and ordered a medium. It fits perfectly. You definitely need a slip underneath as it is more of a sheer fabric, but no big deal. It hits me at about the bottom of my shin, not all the way to my feet. Perfect for spring and summer!


order your true size. first time i wore it to an anniversary dinner and a woman approach our table to say she saw me walk in and the dress really caught her eye. she loved it. i do too!


One of my wife's favorites! It's perfect length and very cool and warm at the same time.


My husband doesn't like it on me.  It is high waisted and he said I look pregnant.  so it would be a very good maternity dress but Im.....well no where near that age anymore!  LOL  I love the pattern and material.


Gorgeous pattern,  needs complete coverage underneath, leggings and tank. Full, blowing, dreamy.


