Was a beautiful dress that fit well (with a belt to emphasize waist) but the colors bled to the point of the dress being unwearable after first wash.  The dress was washed alone on gentle cycle with cold water and woolite.  This is not acceptable.  The dress did not specify dry clean only.


Too small in bust but very pretty, kind of see through material.


Many many compliments whenever I wear. Will be buying more.


Material was soft but it is pretty see through. Fit comfortably, just wasn't what I was looking for. Nice dress for the price though. Returned it.


Absolutely gorgeous. I highly recommend this dress. Got so many compliments.


I bought the 'orange' short-sleeved dress. I am 5'7 and weigh 150lbs. Jean size is between a 10-12, tees are a large, blouses are a medium. With that out of the way, and after reading the reviews, I decided to go with a Large on this dress. The fit is very flattering. It hides any imperfections, and flows beautifully. The material is very soft, and the colors are vibrant. The 'orange' is more like a bright melon (which is what I was going for) so I was really happy that it was so bright. The material is a bit thin, but it's what I expected when I ordered it. This dress will be the perfect spring/summer/autumn dress. It's so versatile, that you could pair it with sandals in the summer, and boots in the fall.


Pros and cons to everything, right? There are a TON of tiny buttons on this dress. If you're like me, you're going to button each little button up, and never unbutton it again because there are just SO many tiny buttons! The arms holes were a little snug. With wear, they'll loosen up, but out of the box, they are tight. I took off a star for the arm holes, otherwise, the dress is exactly what I was hoping it would be. I'm going to get some of the other colors.


I will update this review after I've washed it to let you all know how it holds up in the wash.


Didn't like it as well as I thought I would


An absolutely beautiful dress, it's very fresh and flowy. I ordered an xxl and it was a little too small for my 40D bust. It still gives you a nice figure.


a little long on one side


Very beautiful. Just a little deeper neck


