I’m giving this product a 5 Star raring because although it didn’t quite fit, it wasn’t the dresses part. I ordered a xxl, after reading all of the reviews and thought I would take a chance but unfortunately my cup size is 38DDD and while I did manage to get the buttons over my boobs, it looked like it my breasts were being crushed and the little ruching that’s right under the busy line is where most of my breasts were.


So while this dress is light and beautiful and flowy if you’re anything bigger than D or DD this won’t work out for you. I should also mention I’m 5’6” and 260lbs.


I am very disappointed that I had to return this dress. Even with the modesty panel sewn in behind the buttons, there was gapping betweeen the buttons when I put this on, and you could see my bra. It wasn’t overstretched, the elastic loops the buttons go through are very stretchy, so thy pulled open very easily. Super cute dress, but I had to return it. You could wear a cami under it, but you would still see the gapped shape between the buttons, and it’s not a great look.


When I first received the dress I was a bit apprehensive. I love long dresses and online it called out to me, but seeing it in person made me a bit leery. I had flashbacks to my teachers in elementary school wearing similar dresses. And then I put it on and I loved it. It’s comfy enough to wear around the house, and it can def be dressed up for a night out. I bought a slip to wear underneath bc all the other reviewers said it’s a bit sheer, but I like it without it to give it a bit more sexiness. I bought two sizes; small and medium. I’m staying with the small. The medium was a bit too large for me. I’m 5’3” and 32DD and it hits right at my ankles. I can’t wait for the weather to warm up so I can wear it.


I love it however, I had to return it. I purchase the light blue one and it's so beautiful and the flowly feel of it was wonderful. I went by the seller sizing which is an XXL since my bust is a 38C and I found it to fit good in the bust with an inch of breathing room however it was very loose in the waist. I am also petite so this does drag a bit on the floor but nothing super long. I will be returning for a different size. For reference I'm 5'2 150lbs muscular


Love this dress. Wore it for the first time today and I have received many compliments. It is so comfortable. A little sheer so I wore a bodycon style slip under it and it works perfect. I wish it was a little shorter so I could wear flats with it.  I am 5'3 and wore it with 4" wedges and it just hovers above the floor. I ordered a Medium and it's perfect for my build (36A, 27" waist, 5'3, 122lbs). I will definitely be ordering more.


Love this dress! have recommended it to a few friends because it is so comfy and flowy! Fabric is definintely thin, so watch out with those light colors, but I personally think that's great for summer.


I know a lot of these reviews say it is small, but I found that a medium fit pretty much perfectly! (I usually am a medium.. 5'4, muscular, waist 30in, bust 41in). I will agree that if you are busty you might want to go up a size, depending on your level of "bustiness"


Not giving 5 stars because there were some "hangy threads" on it, which I had to cut off. Not a huge deal. I also cut off the tassel things on the front of the dress because I hated them and they don't actually provide function.


I have a hard time buying clothes online because depending on the brand and material I can wear anything ranging from M-XL. On average I'm usually a size large, I'm 5'8"/170ish lbs. I bought a large and it fit beautifully (but I also felt like a medium would also have fit nicely because the dress runs a little big.) The band under the boob section is stretchy and form fitting which is nice because most floor length dresses take away curves. I bought the red-turquoise dress and unfortunately I returned it because the colors were not true to the picture. It wasn't a major difference, but all of the deep red hues and turquoises in the picture were more of a tomato-red and seafoam blue. The dress was made beautifully and the quality was great. I'd order in another color definitely.


I ordered extra small but it was still a little loose on me. Either way, it was so cute and flowy!


It's a nice dress and fits well. Color is not like the selection but I do like it so I'm keeping it. I'm 5'3 and 144 lbs and bought a medium.


This is dress is great quality.  Fabrice is supersoft.  Fit is as expected.  Not sure about other reviews about the arms.  I have bigger arms and there was plenty of room for me.  I am 5ft tall 120 lbs.  I ordered the medium.  I definitely need to hem it, but when your short, you expect that.  I will definitly be ordering in another color.


