Definitely should have gone up a size. A little to tight in the bust and upper arms for me. I'm about 5'5" and typically take a 14/16 or large/extra large in most things, so even though other reviews were claiming the dress runs a little large, that wasn't the case here. Though the dress was very pretty in design, the overall craftsmanship wasn't very good. But I guess that's to be expected with this kind of cheaply mass produced products. You get what you paid for.


This is a beautiful dress, it fits well, it is not tight, nor at all baggy. The design is elegant and the color is true to the images shown online. I am 5'3" and it does barely touch the floor in the back when I am not wearing shoes, which I do not mind as I will wear shoes with a small heel. The fabric is thin and soft, but you cannot see your undergarments through it. I will be purchasing more in other colors.


Had it professionally pressed and it looks beautiful!


Rayon is difficult to iron/steam.  I wasn't going to take the chance!


Wish it was shorter or I was taller!... but other than that it's PERFECT.


IT HAD HOLES, i bought a few dresses and 2 of them had holes, same manufacturer. bummer as i liked the dress. The fabric on the dress part was kind of much like they could have taken out some of the fabric on the bottom, but it was a very pretty print and a nice top.


It's very cute. The buttons are a little weird and will reveal what's underneath if you're not careful.


The length is a little shorter than what's pictured, so rating the size "somewhat smaller than expected."


beautiful dress, but it was see-through. I tried to convince myself to keep it, but would've been a waste of money because I wouldn't have worn it out unless I was at the beach with a bathing suit underneath. wish it had a lining and would totally buy again if they fix this issue. FYI buy true to size. I usually am small-medium, 145 5'7" and bought a small. fit nicely.


Not a true XXL.  Alittle tight across the chest and arms.  Other than that, very nice dress.  I'm 5'4" and the dress touches the ground.  If I wear high heels, then it is fine.  When I loose alittle weight, it will fit just fine.


Was so disappointed this was too small. I really liked the print, color and style. Nice and flowy - just like you want for the summer. Would've ordered another one, but they didn't have the size.


I'm 5'4" and I am always searching for a maxi dress that doesn't drag. This worked great with heels but with flats it defiantly would. It is beautiful and fits really well. Super flattering, I felt beautiful in it and really liked how it moved with my body.


This is a cute dress, but the quality is...well..you get what you pay for. I suspect it won't survive many washings. I've only worn it once, for a special themed office party, so we'll see.


