I loved the picture of this dress and I am so disappointed it doesn't look the same as the pictures. Let me explain why:


- I'm 5 foot four inches and this is almost dragging on the ground


- There are at least 15 unnecessary buttons in the front of the dress....why not just sew the dress to fit correctly? I will end up breaking them eventually


- The material is cheap and feels like it will be destroyed after the first time I wear it


LOVE this dress! Perfect for my height, great flowy material and is very comfortable. I got a M and I'm 5'2", 140 lbs with 34DD bust. The dress doesn't touch the floor.


To me this is the perfect dress for summer, light and breezy. Wear it with flat sandals for day time or dress it up with some strappy sandals for a dinner out.


Can't say enough great things about these dresses. I've been waiting for someone to make maxi dresses with pretty sleeves and flowy material.  The fit is perfect, the feel,of the soft material is wonderful and they are the perfect maxi length.  I am 5'6" and 145 lbs.  I ordered a medium and it fit perfectly.  Go up a size if you have a large chest though. I am small busted.  These will be my new summer wardrobe worn with cute flip flops.  Could very easily be dressed up with heels and jewelry for a special occasion.  I bought two and buying many more!


Luckily I know how to use sowing machine and also luckily dress had small panel on chest, behind the buttons. So I was able to make it work. It is pretty, but I wish they would have XXXL. I  am 6' tall and 239 punds. If it would of been XXXL, it would fit perfectly...


For the price it was cute, but it was too small. It is also unlined, which is not a big deal except that the material is especially thin, so wearing anything underneath it would be a distraction from the overall look. Also the tasseled tie belt thingy looked very cheap. I would have removed it altogether if i'd kept the dress.


I was so excited to get this in the mail and when it came I was soooooo sad! It's not even close to the same dress. It has a boat neckline, no buttons, and no slit. Also the color is HIDEOUS!!! Wtf, like did they think I wouldn't notice this is a completely different dress and ugly af??? Returning it asap. Don't bother with this one, it's a dud.


Beautiful dress -will need slip under it thought. 5'1, 124lbs, 36DD in a Large. (I have to dress to bra size) The whole dress fits great.


Wonderfully flowy summer dress.  I ordered up a size because I wanted a loose and flowing fit, and it was perfect.  I'm tall, and it's actually as long as it shows in the pictures, which is very exciting for me.  Quality is good.  I love the fabric and the colors.  It's perfectly modest on me (possibly because of ordering a size up).


LOVE this dress!!! I have two others I purchased and LOVE them also. Very comfortable, well made. The dresses looks just like the picture. Plan on getting more dresses from Milumia. Of all my purchases on Amazon the dresses and a cute top from MILUMIA are by far my most favorite!!! Thank You MILUMIA for the beautiful dresses!!!


