I love this dress, very light without being see through. I'm a size 14/16 and I bought a XL. I'm small busted and bottom heavy, so I think I could have done a L. One thing that's JUST right, the arms. The short sleeves are a bit tight. It's stilll so pretty


The best part was the buttons. This is  the nicest button up dress I’ve ever owned. So wonderful. I did wear a nude slip. I usually fit a medium and it fits perfectly. The part I like the least is that it needs to be ironed.


Love it. Colors are vivid and look exactly like the picture,  washed it (wash everything before l wear it) didn't run,  didn't fade,  didn't shrink.  Fits beautifully,  ordered a medium,  fits like a medium.  Flows very nice,  elastic button loops would probably not hold up if buttoned and unbuttoned alot, but slips on over your head, so probably won't ever unbutton.  REALLY HAPPY WITH PURCHASE!


I'm a 16 and the xxL is a very good fit. I'm 5'4 so the length was pretty spot on. The only thing is that the sleeves are a little tight. Otherwise, I love the extra flowy material at the bottom, I love the print, I love the dress.


The dress was beautiful but still too small. It isn't their fault it did not fit. The fabric was soft light. I would have loved to wear it. I was able to return it for full refund.


I bought this dress in a small. I'm 5'4" about 130 lbs with an athletic build and this dress would probably look flattering on anyone. Every time I wear I get so many compliments. The material is nice and the stitching is actually very good quality. It is a little long on me and my B cup doesn't quite fill the top as well as I wish but those are minor issues that only I notice. Overall, I adore this dress and want to buy it in every color.


it was very nice.. my daughter ordered it, has worn it twice she is about 5'5" it ends about 8 inches from the floor and it looks very nice on her.. she likes it and has worn it twice.. comfortable and light..  well made and pretty and a good fit..


I wanted to love this dress. I even kept it for a while and kept trying it on while I tried to decide. What it came to was that it was just a little too big for me. I am a extra small, petite size. In the end, I decided to return it because I just didn't LOVE the dress.


Unfortunately it's too late for me to return this item. It's a pretty dress but the chest area is too big for me (34B). Otherwise the fabric and print are very pretty and would probably look great if you order the right size for you.


Gorgeous!  I just love it when I get something off Amazon and it looks and fits exactly like the picture...I need one in every color now!


