buy it!!!! DO it!! This dress is amazing...this is my 3rd one. I receive sooooo many compliments when I wear them. I'm usually a medium and ordered a medium and it fit perfect...maybe even a little big at my waist but I was afraid of the arm area as I have big arm disease but I had NO problems.


This dress is just gorgeous! I tend to be in 'big size' range (between regular and plus) and this dress jus fits perfectly! Inloce it! I will upload pictures soon!


The sizes are as you expect they be (American sized), so you can buy with confidence.


This dress was beautiful and flowy and I received several compliments on it, but i not  recommend if you plan to wear at a venue that requires sitting a lot because the moment I stood up I got wrinkles when I had ironed my dress just the day before. 5'6 180 lbs and the dress fit me great in size XL.


5'4", 150#, 38c and this size large dress fits beautifully! I'm short-waisted, and the smocking hits just about my natural waist. Hopefully it doesn't shrink... haven't washed it yet.


Well-constructed and not see-thru when I tried it on with black undies ;-) neckline not too plunging-- definitely safe to wear to church and not worry about flashing anyone!


This dress runs excessively small.  The material is cheap.  I have returned it.


Pretty spring dress for the price.  Flattering fit.  Thin fabric requires a slip.


This dress is beautiful! I've gotten alot off compliments on it.  It's very flowy, and light weight.  I do wear a slip under it because the fabric is light.


I was pleased with purchase, arrived within three days.  I'm short in stature and knew it might be a bit long, but with 2" heels it still a bit long, so I will need to have seamstress shorten.  The buttons are a bit loose and I would def wear a tank, undergarment, due to possible buttons coming undone and showing skin, but that's just me.


CHINA SIZES AGAIN!!!


Really pretty and size was perfect but the shoulder seams were not sewn properly, leaving a bumpy line at the left shoulder.  Too bad.  I liked it.


