Ya know I this on my list for a looonng time. And decided to bite the bullet and get it, I need some summer dresses glad I did.. I'm a size 14/16 36B chest measurement in 44inch I'm 5'7... This dress for perfect.. Not to tight around the boob area where buttons are open and not to loose or long fits right below ankles you can see you shoes.


Colors are amazing in person... Nice cool fabric.. Not see through... Very flowy.. I'm happy with this purchase


First off this is a beautiful dress, definitely a good buy!! However, thank God it had free returns!! I first ordered a large based on reviews, way to big, then ordered a medium, still big, ordered a small, fits perfectly!! I'm 5'4 140 lb. I normally wear small but have been wearing medium since I still have 10lb of baby weight to lose. So remember it's a loose fit so even though the medium measurements provided were accurate for me, the small actually fit perfectly!! If you are busty though you may want to size up. You will not be disappointed in this dress....as long as you get the size correctly.


Very beautiful dress. I love it so much. Will definitely be ordering more but different colors. Very flowy! I'm 4 months pregnant and small fit me well anf it has a little more room for my belly to expand. Very comfy fabric and not too heavy. Super cute. I'm 5'2 and it fits me a little below my ankles so its not too long for me. It's just perfect!!


Cute dress, however if you’re a little top heavy like myself the buttons on the top spread to far and you can’t wear it. I had to return it. You could wear a Cami underneath and leave it unbuttoned but it’s not the same look and it’s not as cute. I’m 5’7, 175 and wear a 36DD.


Love this dress. 5'4" and it hits me at my ankle. Lightweight fabric. The dress takes to your shape. It stretches at the waist and has elastic button loops.  I was afraid it would be too small in the bust area but it has a nice little modesty panel and with the give of the button loops it fit nicely.


The buttons are elastic loops so they tend to stretch around the bust area.  I bought an XL (I am 5'6", 180 lbs with a 38D cup).  The dress fits well otherwise.  Note: there is a flap of fabric that lays under the buttons to cover any gaps made by the elastic.  This is good, however if you want to unbutton the top or bottom to show more leg or cleavage the flap does not look good.


Lovelovelove!! This dress is amazing! It is nice and thin without being see through and light enough that it doesn't get hot. The skirt is really full, and the buttons are elastic. I'm an 8 and ordered a medium, but I'm fairly top heavy and normally can't wear things with buttons but there is no problem with this.  (will probably add pictures later) my only critique is (being too heavy) the elastic likes to slide up just a hair so it's not as flattering but still super cute. I'm in love and will be ordering more soon. You can't beat the price! I have yet to wash it though so that will be the final test.


I liked the dress but it was too short.  I ordered several patterns in different sizes and none were long enough so I had to return them. I am 5'6 160lbs {not over weight, curvy} with a 36DD chest.  The Medium was a good fit except for the length..


Really pleased with this dress. It's made well, the fabric is great, and I get complimented on it constantly! I was so pleased it fit so well! I'm 5,5" and it hit me right at the ankle, so it's long, but I don't step on it. And when I walk, it just flows and looks so fantastic!!! I actually think I'm going to buy another one in a different fabric. It's a perfect summer dress.


Very pretty dress and for me I should've gotten a medium instead of a large. Beautiful but the shoulder area was showing signs of wear and tear. I received a ton of compliments in this dress all day. The busy area was pretty big as well. I.  Fluctuate between  a 6/8 & an 8/10. I have big arms and if I went to a medium the arm area might've been snug.


