First time I've ordered clothes from Amazon that actually worked out in my favor! I recently lost weight so my size is in that weird in-between zone. I normally fit large but seem to be a medium right now. I read the reviews carefully and decided to stick with a L to be safe, and while it is a bit too big for my taste, it isn't big enough to be an issue, just a bit loose in the elastic area and sleeves. I'm 5'6 and wore it with flat sandals today, the hem sits right around my ankle bone so it isn't totally floor length but I didn't really expect that for being kind of tall.


I've gotten SO many compliments wearing it at work today! It's a nice burning hot 86 degrees out so I decided to test it out for casual Friday and I can't go anywhere in the office without people stopping me telling me how much they love it! They can't believe it when I tell them I got it from Amazon for only $20! I'm definitely buying more colors and getting an M to see if it fits better!


Such pretty style and they look so nice IF they come in the right size or properly stitched. I ordered almost dozen of these in each color and style and they aren't cheap so I assumed they would be great. Unfortunately, each dress came with one flaw or the other. Even if you order the correct size, they are not accurate. One is too big, one too small, one with uneven neck, some buttons are off, one that fir perfect ripped by the sleeve after one wear and I am still wondering how. I exchanged few but each time they were worse than the last and I just gave up and still ended up keeping few hoping no one will notice the flaws. Wrote to seller to many times but no response what so ever. I really hope they improve on the quality because I would totally buy them again.


The dress is pretty. The red is deep and really elegant. I received many compliments on it. My size depends entirely on the item. I'm usually a size 6, but sometimes a small, sometimes a medium, depending on the quality of the item (I usually take a smaller size in better clothes). I bought a small, and it's just a bit too big. The waist tie would have been a nice way to pull the waist in just a bit, but, as others have said, it's just for show.


The real problem came when I washed the dress.  As someone else said, it runs. It runs badly.  I washed the dress on a delicate cycle with cold water, and hung it to dry, so there isn't anything I can think of that I could have done differently. I was going to buy others after I saw how it fit, but now I'm not going anywhere near the other colors and patterns. It's really not worth the cost, given the one-wear nature of the dress.


I have to say this product exceeds my expectations!!!! I am 34B/5'6"/140lb and a Medium fits me PERFECTLY!! Which I'm so thankful for because buying clothes online is always a hit and miss even though you try to follow the measurement chart as close as possible!! Now onto the dress: HOLY BUTTONS - this dress is lined with them and each eyelet is functional, none are decorative so what I'll do is I will sew the majority shut once I find my fit. That way they won't pop out unnoticed, nor do I have to re-button after each wash. the cotton material feels super lightweight; the dress came in wrinkled (I don't mind) but doesn't appear so once I try it on because it look like it could've meant to be a pleated design. The back of the dress hits the floor just so and the front is a bit shorter, leaving my feet with a pick-a-boo look, this look can be paired with casual flat or dress up with a pair of heels and it'll work for both occasions perfectly. As other reviewers have stated his dress is so flowly and twirlable (which I did a couple turns) that a loose workout shorts or even light leggings will bring you an extra piece of mind in case the slit is high, or you walking down the street on a particularly windy day (although, the way the dress is designed it'll probably give you the perfect Marilyn Monroe effect). One slight - VERY SLIGHT - complain is the expandable waist sits right below my boobs so it creates an empire waist look, which is fine but it won't give you accentuate the waist is that's what you're going for. Just be mindful when/if taking picture sideways because you can look pregnant...


This dress fits perfectly. I'm 5'7" and usually an XS/S. I ordered a S because I'm 6 months pregnant and wanted something pretty that I could continue to wear while nursing. I think this dress will continue to fit well for the duration of my pregnancy (though my stomach is on the small side). Bustier girls might like to know that  the buttons might strain across the chest-- I'm a 32DD right now, and while I could wear an XS based on my waist (even my pregnant belly), my chest fits perfectly without strain and might only spare another cm before the buttons pucker.


I love how light and airy the dress is! Perfect for the upcoming summer months. The slit goes just an inch above my knee (thought it would be more based on the picture, but I'm really glad it isn't).


I'm thinking about ordering a second color because i can tell I'll want to wear this dress every day


Cons: buttons don't match picture (they're the same color as the dress instead of a contrasting color), sleeves are weird and baggy (didn't notice right away, but I'm going to take in the sleeves as soon as I set up the sewing machine). Wrinkles reallt easily-- but wrinkles also come out easily, so make sure to hang up your dress!


Love these dresses so much I'm basically buying one in ever color! I get so many complements when I wear them out I love how flowy are! Chest does stretch a bit if you have larger breast nothing an undershirt can't fix! Best items I've purchased off Amazon! Great quality!


I bought this dress in the green color initially and loved it so much that I bought it in the white floral too. I am 5'7" 140lb 34C and bought the green in a medium. It fit well but was a little lose, and the length is perfect. I bought the white in a small and it fits a bit better. I wore it to our local fair and had several random people tell me in passing how pretty the dress is. It's very comfortable, flowy and lightweight, which makes it perfect for a warm summer day. My only complaint it that it wrinkles easily due to the fabric, but it also irons quickly. All of the buttons are functional so you can make make it as sexy or conservative as youd like. There are also two inner buttons on the just for extra coverage from any gaping. Definitely a dress well worth the price!


I purchased this dress after already purchasing the same dress in black floral and another in beige and receiving a ton of compliments.  I wear a 34DD and ordered the large in the black and beige and found that the top few buttons were straining a bit, so I ordered this one in an XL.  I like it, but it is definitely too big everywhere else and I wish I had stuck with the L.  But that was my own mistake - nothing wrong with the garment.


I've seen a few reviews about the hemline being uneven and I actually think that the hemline is supposed to be a very slight high-low and it's very flowy and pretty.  The fabric is very lightweight and even though it arrives as a wrinkly mess, a good quick steam or iron takes care of the wrinkles very effectively.  I would recommend this as a great summer staple to anyone.


Absolutely beautiful. Amazing quality and I love the fit! I'm 5'4", 130 lbs and I ordered this in a medium. Once washed and dried, they do shrink a little so this dress is perfect for wearing with flats but would be too short to wear with heels.


This looks nothing at all like this pics. It looks like I'm wearing a floral sack.


