Love it. Comfortable & attractive! It did not come with laundry instructions. Plan to use delicate cycle. Hope that works.


I didn't want to give a bad review because it doesn't look good on me. Good material but if your short, hippy or busty DO NOT BUY it will make you look overweight even if your not.


This dress is my favorite style.  The colors are vibrant and can be paired with many different colors as well.  So pretty.  I have one other print.


 I have ordered a new dress but I have received a torn one. I liked the dress but the seller send me not the new one. Besides, initially the material mentioned rayon but actually on the label is written acrylic.  Attached you can find pictures of the dress.


 This dress is beautiful and so comfortable!!! It's perfect for any occasion or travel. I love it, I will be buying another pattern soon.


The dress itself fits great and is beautiful. The banding on the tip of the sleeves is very tight. Don't know why but it detracts from the nice flow of the dress.


The top is just a bit too big and gapes when slightly bent over.  The backing behind the buttons only goes to the waist and not the full length of button placement.  A slip is a must with this dress.


Bought this for a wedding and completely loved it. It did come extremely wrinkled so I wet it and threw it in the dryer on delicate for 30 minutes and it came out perfect.


Flattering dress. It is a tiny bit narrow across the back but not uncomfortable, just noticed it when I went to pull it off over my head. (I'm 5'10 and pretty broad shouldered so it probably would be a problem or others.)


I love this dress but it runs small. I am a size 18/XXL and the XXL didn't come close to fitting. With that being said, this dress is lovely- the print, the cut of the fabric has a nice flow to the skirt of the dress and would look flattering on many different body shapes. If they ever make this in a true plus size, I will buy it (and in multiple prints).


