Adore this dress.. perfect for the upcoming spring weather. I’m 5’9 180 and the dress fits great. Wearing it with strappy sandals to the butterfly garden! I’m going to order another print for Easter. It’s incredibly lightweight and comfortable as well. I was worried it would look matronly but it’s not at all. Makes me feel like a goddess, in love!


I brought this with me on vacation to Egypt and it was perfect. Flowy, comfortable, didn't get too wrinkly, and let it some cool air (which was needed!). I also got lots of compliments on it :)


It's a beautiful dress I'm 5'3 125#  and ordered small and it's still a little loose. I got the mint green floral.  This dress is gorgeous and a no brained. Would look good on different body types.


The material is soft and flowy and overall the dress is truly beautiful however it shrank after only one wash. It used to be floor length and now it's an awkward ankle length. I'd still recommend it though.


I had to have it sewn together where the buttons are but it is a beautiful flowing dress. Very happy with it.


The fabric color to this dress was yellowish instead of white with flowers. The buttons on the front reveal your skin and it's completely see-through so I had to return. Super bummed.


This dress was great for a beach wedding I attended. I'm only 5'2 so it was a bit long while barefoot but with wedges this length is perfect. Flowy dress and just fun to wear! I had a hard time choosing a color but I'm glad I chose the one I did.


The material is beautiful and feels soft. The cut is flowy and flattering. My only complaint is that I will need to hem it at least 4" because I'm 5'2". Please consider offering it in petite (shorter length) sizes. Even so, after I alter the length this will definitely become a favorite.


Can't wait to wear it. Just the sort of dress for summer evenings out and vacations. I'm a XL these days and 5'3" and I don't have to hem it. Think it would work for taller girls too, it hits we at the ankle but would still look great as a midi. Order your regular size in this.


This dress is adorable. the material is soft, flowing and comfortable. The length is quit long but okay with flats. Bought this for an outside wedding event. Great little dress for the money!


