A beautiful dress very  comfortable, a little long for me


I am 5.1 but with platform shoes I could put my perfect outfit, for the price this dress make you  feel like millionaire very happy to wear it I like everything the waist the print all use it for Sunday Easter to go to church


I absolutely love this dress. The fabric is a bit thin, so you will need to wear a slip under it. But I have no issue with that honestly. You hook the buttons into stretchy loops down the center of it and thats what i love about this dress. I am DD chested with a small stomach and I always have issues with button up blouses because i try to get away with wearing the smallest i can for a former fit and my buttons always pop open between my breast. This dress, I am getting away with wearing a small and i have no complaints of buttons popping out of their loops or an open space between where you can get a peep into my breast. Im 5”5-5”6 and the dress falls at a perfect length. Not too long for me at all. The v neck is not too deep where you feel overly exposed.


I own this dress in 3 different prints--these dresses are lightweight, flowy and make me feel like a boho-goddess.  I wear them year round--with leggings, boots, and a sweater in winter.


I'm 115, 5'6' and the small fits perfect--not too tight, not too loose.


Things to be aware of:


**the lighter colored fabrics are somewhat sheer.  It doesn't bother me personally; if you're self-conscious you can wear a slip underneath.


**The hemlines are not perfect.


Lovely Dress


I'm 5'5 134 pounds and usually wear a small this dress is truly to its size!!


I was very unsure about ordering a dress on Amazon without being able to try it on, but after combing through all the reviews I bit the bullet. I’m so glad I did! I’m about 124 lbs, 5’4”, and 34 c and the small fit perfectly with some moving room in the bust area. The length was great too- it hits right at my ankles, so it’ll work for both sandals or wedges. I can’t wait to wear this dress for family pictures this summer!!!


3stars bec I’m wearing it right now (after 2washes & dry cycles. Needs at least 5 more cycles to shrink to fit. I like the ease of these cheap dresses & like how flowy they are. Wish the cord/tassel thing actually functioned as a belt/ waist sincher, but it’s/they (I own many of these dresses) are blah & will break off/look ratty in time. Until I find a better made dress that I can afford, this is the option. Comfortable & easy, but has flaws


It's really pretty, it is a little too tight across the chest and it is a little too long, I am 5 foot 4 inches and a size 14-16 depending on the manufacturer. I really like it though and it's worth losing 5 pounds for it to fit better. I will get it shortened to calf length when the time comes.


I recently wore this dress to a small social get together,  and afterwards I had to run by the grocery store,  yes,  of al places.  I literally couldn't get through the store without someone telling me how beautiful my dress was.  I feel very feminine and pretty wearing this dress,  even with my ankle height distressed western boots.  This is now my favorite dress to wear.  Comfortable, pretty and feminine!  I am 5'5" and 120 lbs,  it is ankle length on me,  but the button uo front means it moves nicely as you walk.


This dress is cute and very comfortable! Loose and free when walking, simple and Anla time special perhaps for many occasions! Buy Size M and this well but I think this something loose under the armpits maybe I would have asked for a size S stretches a lot! Do not sweep the floor using flat sandals!  My measurements 5, 2 "weight 125 lbs with measurements of 34 B-30 W 40 H I hope you will help my information! Buy the orange!!


I wanted very much to keep the dress but


1. buttons are very very small


2. arms are cut with small opening making it very uncomfortable  Much too tight.  If the bust had just three more inches of material across- the arms would have been looser.


