Soft and light material, fits perfectly, and I get endless compliments. I ended up buying most of the other colors as well. I bought a Small and I'm 135 lbs with 34-32-42 measurements.


Belt sold separately.


This dress is beautiful! I ordered the light green in a large because I wear a 34F and have big arms so I was worried about how it would fit my upper body. It fits like a dream. The material is thin but will be perfect for summer and it looks just like it does in the pictures.


This dress is beautiful and classy and light fabric but not see-through. It is very hard to find a dress that is flattering and also not in modest. The stress does the trick it is young looking but still completely covered. I would feel comfortable doing mom things but also not looking like a slob. I'm 5"7, 140lbs and ordered medium for a good loose but not sloppy fit


I wear a 36G and I'm usually a size 12-14. Originally I bought this in an XXL and it was way too big at the top. Returned and reordered an XL and I must say, this is a really gorgeous and flattering dress. So forgiving and lightweight, and I feel like the print I bought (light green) can be dressed up for a wedding or dressed down with a denim jacket. It's beautifully flowy and I plan to buy more colors.


Must be made for small chests. It sits well everywhere else, but the buttons on the chest pop open - and I don't have a big chest by any means.


Sadly the bust area was way too small and I very carefully looked at the size chart. The dress came in a plastic bag just shoved in. Several of the loops for the buttons were stretched out and the material is very thin. It irritates me that there can be so many differing opinions in reviews. I loved this style but it is certainly not what I received.


BEAUTIFUL!! I Light,fluffy and feminine. I just got my order and I'm very happy that it fits so nicely. My size usually is XL( I an 5'6", 165 pounds, bra size 38c) but based on reviews I ordered L and it is just fine.Thank you !


I don't usually wear orange, but I love this dress! I usually wear a size 2-4, so I bought the small. It is a little loose, but not noticeably. I could have bought an XS, and it would have fit a little more snug. I don't mind the looser fit, though. I'm 5'6" and I can wear it with flat sandals (I'm wearing them in the picture).


I didn't have high hopes for this dress based on the mixed reviews and low price but I am very please with my purchase. For reference I am 5'9 and I ordered an xlarge. The fit is great. My only complaints are the sleeves a bit fitted and there are a lot of tiny buttons but I love the look of the buttons. The dress comes down to my ankles. The quality of the dress is superb. The material is soft and thick enough that I dont have to wear a slip. I can't wait to buy more in different prints.


It comes with a serged hem, it is usually on the long side. Best to put on THE shoes and hem it where you want it. I really like this, it's a lot of fabric but who doesn't like that sometimes. Prints are pretty. Trim some threads and perhaps a few small adjustments, this could work for most any figure. If in doubt, err LARGER.


