Overall, I really like this dress. It was a bit large, but after washing it on gentle and air-drying it, it still shrunk some and is now a bit small, sigh. When I first tried it on, there was some minor gapping at the bust, but then I realized it had two buttons on the INSIDE which eliminated the problem. I got the dress in another pattern, and it DOES NOT have the buttons on the inside. I wish they didn't ship it in such a small plastic bag so it wasn't so wrinkled upon arrival. Really cute, though, I've gotten lots of compliments and dtill intend to buy it in other patterns.


Very beautiful dress, and the quality was way better than expected! A really nice and light cotton, perfect for those hot summer days! The waistband is elastic and has a lot of give so you can definitely size down. I'm 5'5, 135lbs and smaller chested (B cup). I ordered a medium based on the measurements and reviews but it's sooo big on me. I could go for a S or even XS. The length was just right, maxi dresses tend to be a bit too long on me but this one hit right at the perfect length.


I had a dress like this 30 years ago and wanted rayon again. Also wanted something pretty for a 70 year old that wasn't teeny boppershort  or old foggie looking. grey- I am 5'5", weigh 148 and take a 12-14-  The large seems to be a good fit.  It is long but with short heels it will be perfect.  Using if for a wedding at a winery


Amazing dress!!! I bought two the first time around based on the other reviews that I've read here, and absolutely felt in love with them. When they arrived, my mom loved them so much that I ended up ordering her two dresses as well. I later purchased 2 more for my sister and 3 more for me. I am 144 lbs & 5'3" and I ordered a Medium. It's not too tight nor too lose - it fits perfectly!!! Two little things that I wasn't so happy about, was that one was missing a tussle and the other was missing a hook where the button was supposed to close.  Minor things if you ask me and something that I can easily fix or stay without. Overall, the dresses are INCREDIBLY BEAUTIFUL and flattering.


I'm so glad I purchased this dress. I ordered a size L. I am 5'6", about 165lbs, and pear shaped. This dress flattered my figure. The material is soft and flowy. I like the floral print and the buttons down the front. Definitely want to purchase more in a different pattern.


Very cute and comfortable dress, fit was as expected. I'm 5'1, 145lbs, 34D bust, and a medium was perfect. The cut of the dress is great for those with wider hips but a narrow waist. I wore this dress with 2.5 inch wedge sandals and the back still dragged on the ground a little, so I will likely get it hemmed. The rayon fabric is soft but wrinkles easily. The quality is just ok, but you get what you pay for. I accidentally pulled one of the waist ties off as I was tying them for the very first time; luckily it looked OK without so I just cut the other one off and wore the dress anyway. I anticipate getting 3-5 wears out of this dress.


Just as many other reviews say. This dress is beautiful. Super soft and breezy. And well made. I love this dress and will buy more for sure! Absolutely reccomend. I ordered a size up incase, for bust, and it was perfect! And so flattering.


The dress was actually nice and flows beautifully. I ended up returning it because it was too big. I'm around a 14-16 got the XL and should of purchased the L. Though returning with Amazon was easy.


I'm 8.5 months pregnant (5'6" tall and normally around 160lb but closer to 180 now with baby).l and this dress fits like a dream. Ordered the large and it's def roomy on me. Love the comfy light fabric and the fit is flattering! I'd love to own one in every pattern! Wore to a wedding and received lots of compliments.


Love this dress, it's conservative and sexy!. I bought a second one the day my first one arrived .. I'm 5'2, 110pds, 32d I bought xs in pink and then light green, I think my fave is the light green one!  Immediately received a compliment from my man!!  Great SOFT material, concerned the elastic won't last forever, but well worth $30!


