I bought this as an alternative to a typical white dress for my wedding shower and it was perfect! I loved the fit. The bust area seems to be a bit more snug and even though I don't wear a large cup size (38C), the buttons seemed to look like they were gaping a bit. Two nice things about that though: the hooks for the buttons are a stretchy elastic type of hook so it had more give than a normal button down type of dress or shirt & there was a bit of material underneath the button area down the dress so that you couldn't necessarily tell that there was gaping because the material covered it.


Another thing to mention about the color I got (white): it is a bit see-through and I would wear something underneath it. I wore a nude colored undershirt and spandex and had no issues, but do take that into mind when picking a color.


I love the material, it's breathable and comfortable. It came a bit wrinkled, but nothing a little airing out or steaming couldn't fix. I received a lot of compliments on the dress and I would highly recommend it to anyone!


Love these dresses. I bought 3 colors thinking I would return 1 or 2 but I'm keeping them all! The fabric is lovely - so soft, cool and flowing. I ordered the largest size because I was worried about the arms. I wear about a size 10-12 in tops - I don't really have heavy arms but I think my bust and waist are smaller than/slightly out of proportion with my arms and shoulders. Anyway  - I would say the XXL is only slightly loose up-top for me - nothing major. Sleeves are a perfect fit. The skirt of the dress is full and billowy - should fall nicely on most sizes.


I got the orange, "purple" (which is a multi bandana sort of print) and the light green. I love them all - will probably get more. Good thing the price is so right. I love that there are both girlie florals and bolder prints.


Have to stress how wonderful the fabric feels!


Don't put it in the dryer! I washed and dried mine normally and it went from skimming the floor to hitting 4 inches above my ankles. The bust has shrank enough to make it unwearable.


This is a really pretty dress and I got tons of compliments on it, I just wish the tag had said to air dry. It made no mention of this not being dryer safe.


Just, no. Prettier on the model. If I was swirling around all the time it would be pretty, but it's just matronly. It reminds me of a dress I wore in 9th grade to a wedding in the early 1990's. Or what an Amish woman would wear. I bought this color and the blue. Not completely unwearable but it was not doing anything for me. I bought the blue and the pink to see if I would like either. No.


I got a lot of compliments on this dress. It's very feminine, figure-flattering and stylish. The smocked waistline adds definition to your figure and flatters the waist. I ordered the red floral print, which is a lovely, bright color. This is the perfect spring and summer dress. It can be worn to work or any dressy occasion. I paired it with some peep-toe black booties and a black leather jacket for an edgier look. I'll get a lot of use out of this dress! I normally wear about a 12 and the large fits perfectly. I am 5'9", and the bottom of the dress hits a couple of inches above my ankles. I haven't washed it yet, so I don't know how it holds up, but it seems to be made well. I spritzed it with water and tossed in the dryer for a few minutes to take the wrinkles out (from shipping), and it came out perfectly. The material doesn't seem to prone to wrinkling in general. I would definitely recommend this dress and would buy it again in a different color/pattern.


Y'ALL. This dress is insane. I have worn it to work, to fancy nights out, to hang out with friends on the weekend, to stroll through a chic downtown area I didn't expect to be as fancy as it was, EVERYWHERE. It's so versatile. Tiny charm necklace and sandals dresses it down, heels and a statement necklace dresses it up. It has eliminated my anxiety over being over or under dressed because it meshes perfectly with every event to which I've ever worn it. And it SWISHES. I'm on the short side and the flowy skirt is amazing to wrap dramatically around you as you sit down. When I walk outside on a windy day it always billows attractively behind me like I'm shooting a pefume ad, without ever feeling like I'm going to expose myself. One word of caution: if you like the way it swishes when you first get it, DO NOT put it in your clothes dryer. Hang it to dry if you like the swish, put it in the dryer if the fabric is too voluminous for your tastes. If I accidentally dry it, I have to wash it about four times before it gets properly swishy again. I feel so amazing when I wear this dress that I immediately purchased one for my sister. She is very tall and did not get the same good vibes I did, so make of that what you will.


I really love this dress! I live in Florida and the fabric is just so light, soft, and cool. The dress is also very feminine and flowy. I feel like I can wear it casually, to church, or to a garden/spring/summer wedding. It's a high waist dress so it is very flattering to any figure, including a fuller one like mine. I'm a US 12-14 and I usually wear a large. I feel like I could've probably gotten away with my normal size because there is so much room at the skirt portion of the dress and the waist is elastic, but I was reading the reviews which recommended to go with the bust when going by size chart. I'm a 40D so I decided to get an XXL, and it fit perfectly. The v neck is also just right and too deep that it looks promiscuous, which is a huge plus for women with bigger bust. The waist is a little bigger, but it's elastic so it isn't awkward looking. Also, I got the mint green dress and I don't think it's see through to require a slip. I really love this dress. The only drawback is the length. I'm 5'2 and I'm anticipating needing to chop a good few inches off and have it hemmed, but for a nice dress like this, it's not too bad of a drawback. I'm most likely gonna buy another one in the future.


Wonder how a product of such low quality could get so many good reviews - this crumbled up piece of crap with threads coming loose all over and sub-standard stitching is worth not even a single star.


This dress is so pretty!


After reading other reviews, I decided to order a size small and it fits beautifully. I’m 5’2, 135lbs and it’s not too long - just skims the top of my feet but doesn’t drag.


It is a bit sheer, so you’ll want to choose your undies wisely if you care about that sort of thing!


Aside from it looking like a wrinkle bomb went off in the package, there was a broken loop at the bottom of the buttons. There are also tons of loose strings around the hems. I’ll probably order another and return this one.


Another minor gripe is that the buttons on the two dresses I ordered are not a brown color as in the photos, but a clear/pearlescent color.


On the second dress I ordered, the sides of the dress are significantly different in length. One side is long and almost drags, the other side goes up to my ankle. It bugs me so it’s going back. Dropping another star for inconsistency in quality control.


I ordered an XXL. I usually wear an XL. It fits great! I ordered the mint one, and the navy one. I preferred the navy one. They arrived separately. When I got the navy one I didn't want to take it off! When I got the mint one it REAKED of cigarette smoke. So weird! I'm returning the mint one but absolutely love the Navy! I'm 6'1" so it's above my ankle and fits like the model in the picture. Super soft and comfy!


