I liked the material, but the fit wasn't good.  The skirt starts right under the bust, with no room.  I'm 5'2", so I would have thought it would be closer to my waist.  I'm sure it depends on what dress you get, but there is no matching on any of the seams.  Especially in the shoulders, it can look off.


Beautiful and flowy dress.  It is a bit sheer- wear with a slip and you'll be good to go.  Extremely comfortable in warm weather!  I originally ordered a medium since so many cheaper dresses from China run small- had to send it back and get the small.  I am 5'5" and 125 lbs, with a small bust and athletic build.  The small fits perfectly.  The elastic under the bust area is not too tight, just tight enough to conform to your ribcage.


Beautiful dress. Somewhat small on top (I'm a 34C, 5'7" and 145lbs with a 29" waist). This was slightly long, but I'm ok with that. The bust was the part that was a bit small. I bought the Medium so if you're smaller busted, this will fit you perfect. Otherwise I'd go for the Large if you have a larger bust than me. I also do not dry this or wash it in warm water. The material will shrink a lot if you do!


I own several colors of this dress! It’s so unbelievably comfy! I have both the large and the XL, the longer sleeve one is a little tighter in the arms which is why I size up to the XL for that. The waist always fits nice and flattering but comfortable. The bust can definitely stretch over time causing little gaps between the buttons if buttoned to the top but if you leave a few undone it fits like a glove. I’m 5’6” and 165-170 pounds.


Nice, flowy dress. It is a tad large on me, being more of a pear shape, I think I could have gotten away with a medium. I'm 5'3 and 165 lbs. But it is comfy and roomy from the waist down, so I enjoy wearing it. I will order in another color in the medium. The "belt" is just for show. Does not tighten or act as a draw string. I'm a 36 C up top and it was a little large as well but not so much to where I didn't like the look. Hope this helps!


Regrettably, I had to return this as it was far too long.  Almost brushed the floor and I'm 5'5".  Elasticized waste was a little higher than I prefer.  Otherwise, the material was lovely and the quality was great for the price.


I ordered these dresses in XXL because I usually wear an XL or 1X. Two of these dresses were watching too small in the chest area. I wear a 40DD, which is not unusual for someone as large as I am. I think the manufacturer likes small breasts. It is a shame since I loved the style.


The problem is the waistline.  It is nowhere near my waist, several inches too high.  Arrived in a plastic bag and absolutely nothing but wrinkles.  So spent QUITE a long time steaming out the wrinkles, only to have it not fit.  The length of the shoulder to waist was the only problem, so if you're short waisted, go for it!  Unfortunately, I had to return it.


I'm a mom of two kids, one 5 year old and a 5 month old.  I wore this dress and stepped outside without any makeup (again, I'm a mom so lack of sleep and messy hair and bags under my eyes are warranted).  And I was approached by EVERYONE how pretty I looked and what a nice dress this is!  I'm 150 lbs, 5'9" and 36D.  I got a medium, and while it's a little tight in the boobage area, I love it.  I needed a button up dress to beat the Texas heat with easy access for breastfeeding.  I'm 100% satisfied.


Comfortable and dressy enough to wear to a wedding without needing heels. The L is almost too long for 5'4'' wearing flats - the back sometime drags the floor. I'm not sure what to do with the tassels that hang strangely, so I tucked them underneath (though then they are less comfortable upon sitting). Am I glad I bought it? Yes.


