I've tried a few of the color options (navy, and white w pink flowers), but ended up with the red and white flowers, which is the only one that's as pictured. The fits is okay. Ordered a small and it just grazes the floor, I'm 6'5" and 120lbs.


I love the feel of the material. Fits perfectly! I am 5'4" 140 lb and the medium fits great. It has great flow and flare to it.


I ordered a large because of the measurements and the waist line was practically over my boobs and the buttons didn't shut over them either. I wear a 38c. I ordered the black and although it was sooo pretty it was def completely see through! I'm returning sadly. I may try to get a slip and size up because it's so gorgeous but just not sure if it's worth it.


I really liked the color and soft flowing fabric but even with the care I took to make sure the sizing was right it still didn't fit.  Back it went.


The hemline is ridiculously uneven! The buttons all across the front are loose in such a way that there's gaps between each allowing you to see through to your skin underneath.


Looks good on others but just matronly on me


This dress is gorgeous. It is true to size. I usually wear  a medium and I got a medium; I am 5"4', 137 lb. The dress is very flattering,  a little bit longer that I was expecting,  but is OK with hills. I highly recommend it; it is a good choice.


I love this dress. I got it for a wedding I was attending and I got a lot of compliments. Thin, breathable material so it's  a perfect for the  summer and does not look cheap. Fits as expected. I'm 5'3 and it is long but I wore a sandal with a small heel and it was perfect. Didn't drag along.


After reading other reviews I ordered 2 sizes up. That was a mistake. Dress was too big. I did not find this dress flattering to my figure. I had to return the dress. Material was fine but I would advise to wear a slip or something under the dress as it is a thin material.


I absolutely love the dress, but the hemline is odd - as it's longer on one side than the other. It seems this may be a mistake, as the shape seems as though the longer side should actually be the back, and the shorter side in the front, but I don't really know. Either way, be aware that the hemline is uneven in an odd way.


