Very pretty dress, however I was a little disappointed that the middle button loop was broken.  Easy to sew, but it was noticeable before I even opened the package.  I was hesitant about ordering a small based on reviews and because I’ve gained some weight.  However, a small fits perfectly with a little room to spare.  I’m 5’ 3” and 135 lbs. and the dress almost hits the floor.  The dress is lightweight and very comfortable!  I plan to buy another one in a different color.


I really like this dress. The material is lightweight flowy and feels soft against the skin. It could be worn casually or dressed up. The only complaint I have is that the buttons open too easily you may need to enforce the closure of the front of the dress so that you don't have any embarrassing moments. LOL. Otherwise I would give you 5 stars.


This dress is gorgeous! I received many compliments when wearing this beautiful dress. The colors are even more vibrant in person. I’m 5’3” and the dress was the perfect length with some wedges and it didn’t drag in the floor. The dress is extremely comfortable and I love how flowy it is. I highly recommend this dress and I want to get it in more colors n


Look at the size chart included on this site before you order. The measurements are about a size smaller than US sizes. (This is manufactured in China). So I ordered a large, rather than my normal medium, because my bust size is 36D. It fit perfectly, no gaps in the buttons. My shoulders are narrower , but it still looks ok there.


5'5, 120 lbs, C cup and I got a small. Fit great. You may think a dress like this could look a little motherly or frumpy but with the lower neckline, gathering at the top of the waist and the slit in the front (can be adjusted by unbuttoning some of the buttons to make it higher), it is beautiful, feminine and a little sexy in an understated way. I love the movement. Super comfortable. Got a lot of compliments. I ordered the black floral pattern with pink flowers. I think I will order another one.


For the price, I couldn't believe the quality. This is a breezy, lightweight dress perfect for spring and summer. It fits perfectly. Lighter colors can be a little sheer, and it isn't lined, so keep that in mind. Would also make a great swimsuit cover up!


My teenager loves this dress!  So feminine and flowy.  Ordered a Small for 106 pound, 5'3" girl.  She has to wear heels or it drags on the floor.  Also, a bit low cut for her, I had to sew up about 1 1/2" at the neckline for her to be comfortable.


I love, love this dress. I get compliments every time I wear it. The pattern and the cut are beautiful.


Two minor caveats:


1. There are no buttonholes, just elastic loops. Thus, depending on how tight the dress fits in the 'high stress area' there is weird gapping, and I think eventually the loops will fail which would be really hard to repair. No worries, I am just going to sew the top closed down to the elastic waist along the pre-existing hem and circumvent the issue.


2. The top of the sleeves is strangely puffy, which I didn't notice in the sales images. Oh well.


This is GORGEOUS. I need to post a picture. I got a medium, fit perfectly. The fabric is wonderful. I am going to order more right now! I am 5'2 and this does dust the ground, so it works for short people!


This dress is beautiful! Every time I wear it, I am bombarded with compliments. It has a wonderful vintage vibe, and is flowy and comfortable. You won't regret this purchase!


