I’ve been eyeing this dress on here for a long time. I finally made the decision to buy it. I am 5’2 around 140 lbs and I purchased this in the size medium. First of all the dress arrived the next day!  The top is a tad loose but not too bad the buttons on the top kind of have a little gaping but it’s not too noticeable and nothing shows through. I really like how soft the material feels and how light and airy it is. Throughout the dress I noticed a few loose strings that are sticking out I would have given it five stars if the strings weren’t sticking out everywhere. I hope it holds up when washing. It was pretty wrinkled when it arrived but I steamed it and they came out easily.  The medium is a little long on me and touches the floor and drags a little but I’m short and it happens with almost every maxi dress lol. It will fit perfectly with wedges or heels. This is the perfect spring/summer dress and I’m planning on purchasing it in 5 more colors! Lol would definitely recommend!


This is perfect. I get so many compliments. My favorite is that it truly is well-made, even down to the little details like the buttons and fabric behind the buttons that keep you from feeling messy or unmodest. It has made me feel awesome postpartum, very flattering and easy to nurse in!


I am 5'9" and 175 lbs and the medium fit really well and surprisingly was long enough! When I lose the baby weight, it will still fit, but maybe could go down to a small.


Very pretty dress, good quality and looks great on me! I love it! I am 5'7 weigh 220 my measurements are: bust 48 inches waist 39 hips 48 and I ordered a XXL. It fits right. Hope that helps anyone deciding what size to get :)


The dresses are pretty but the only problem is the USA size comparison chart which is incorrect.  I wear a USA size 12 which is not tight or too loose; just right.  Per the sizing chart, I ordered a size L(12-14).  I ordered 3 dresses and only one fit.  The long sleeve dress' sleeves, arm openings and torso was too tight and the length was inaccurate, also.  The lighter colored summer dress with purple flowers (on me) had an empire waist (over waistline, just under breasts), arm openings and torso was too tight and the length was inaccurate.  After washing, (always before adding to my wardrobe), One dress still fitted properly as a Large but the others showed significantly shrinkage and became smaller.  I have reordered the summer dress with purple flowers in an XL(16 - 18) and , hopefully, that will fit me properly.  The dresses came from China where the sizes is different from USA sizes.


Loved this dress - I ordered an XL (usually wear a size 14) and it fit perfectly - it has buttons up and down the front, just an FYI, so make sure you are comfortable with that. The material seemed a bit thin when I took it out of the package, but I didn't have any issues with being able to see through it or anything in the sun. I would definitely order another one of these dresses. Super comfy and cool for the summer.


This is kind of junk. I don't know why it's rated so well! I even buy a lot of cheap clothes and I'm not that picky! I'm not a sweatpants and stained shirt kind of girl nor some glam barbie. I'd say I'm pretty average and this dress makes me uncomfortable.


At least it's true to the style and image colors and patterns. I'm 5'3 ish and 115 pounds and the small fits fine. I wouldn't need heels to wear it which is nice because most maxi dresses are way too long on me. But it wrinkles like crazy, is very thin, had some sewing line and hem issues as other reviewers found. I wanted this as a beach cover-up, but even if I steam it a bit and try to dress it up, I'm not sure I'd feel confident wearing it out of the house.


This item is super cute! I am a size 8 or 10 long in most jeans (I'm 5'6", but have longer legs and a shorter torso). I ordered up, per all the reviews, and got an XL. The fit is very roomy, and I know I wouldn't have had a problem had I ordered the L. It is a little long - just skims the floor in the back without heels, but since I will be wearing heels I like the look. Will definitely have to wear a slip, but I expected that as it is a mostly white dress. Overall, for the price, super cute dress that I think will be perfect for the tea party bridal shower I am attending Sunday.


I bought two of these dresses from two different companies. This one by far had the better material there was more Gathering it just laid way nicer than the other however one side of the ham was at least 4 to 5 inches longer than the other. This dress had a couple extra details on the back that the other one did not. The elastic around the waist on this one was only about an inch and a half wide.would have been nice if it was either wider so it would not roll down , or just thinner so I could cover it with a belt. My main problem was the waist was too high and that uneven  hem issue. I'm going to reorder it and see how it goes.


This dress is a literal head turner! I've worn it twice now, and have received so many compliments. Better yet, it's a soft, breathable, comfortable material in a beautiful print that is very true to the image, and even prettier in person. I ordered an XL, and while it fits my 38D bust, the stretchy button closures pull and reveal. It's very loose/flowy everywhere else, so a size up would likely be too large with too much fabric at the bottom of the dress. Thankfully, there is a hidden button to secure the chest, and a safety pin keeps the stretchy button closures from pulling too much. I did not use one in the image, and it makes all the difference.


I had read all the reviews and looked at the size charts.  I ended up getting the light blue dress.  A couple of things.  First, I love this dress.  It's really long and flowy, yet its very cool, so you can wear it even when it's summer without worrying about getting hot outside.


Second, as far as the crafting of this dress goes the material is not see through at all, I'd guess it probably makes a difference depending on who makes the dress, but the stitching is top notch, and the patterns in the dress are all lined up.


Sizing:  This was tough because the size chart doesn't match the reviews and pictures of customers with the dress on.  I am 6' 0" and 165 lbs.  I have a 38-40 inch bust, and a 33-34" waist, and I wear a size 12 dress.  I got the XXL (which the size chart says is a 29" waist.  It fits perfect if not slightly large.  Hope this helps.


