Super comfy and cute. Love the print. Does run veru big.


Loved this dress! My fiance and I were getting engagement photos done, and I wanted to wear a dress that was pretty but not too fancy. This was perfect, and is so my style. It fits me nearly perfectly, just a tad long with flats, and is stretchy and comfortable. I love how flowy it is, and got compliments from complete strangers. Looked great in the photos too! Because of the light color I'd recommend wearing a slip - in just the right light you could see my undies. If you get this dress in a darker color however, you will probably be fine. I am 5'3" tall, 145 lbs, 34 inch bust, 26 inch waist, 39 inch hips and bought size medium.


Nice soft light flow dress. I'm not to fond of the print, it is much more muted than the picture, I ordered the white and pink. It fits very nicely, a little loose, but nice. I'm 5'5" 34-27-35, I ordered a medium.


This dress is amazing and I love (maybe a little too much). The fit is fantastic and it looks exactly as pictured. My only warning is to take care of it better than I did! I have literally worn this dress EVERYWHERE, even bed. The fabric isn't delicate but very soft and nice! I am just writing this to let you know, you will absolutely LOVE this dress but treat it a little better than I did! I also bought another dress from Milumia, which I thought was exactly the same but it was even better (black dress). Btw, I am 5'3" 150 pounds and carry most of my weight in my hips and thighs but I am a 34 DDD.


I love this dress!! So cute and flowy. Very comfortable with some stretch in the waist. The print and color are exactly as expected. I got the mint green one. I bought my true size (medium) and it fit perfectly. I’m 5’4” 155lbs. The dress length just hits the floor with my height, but doesn’t drag. It did come very wrinkly due the the fabric and shipping. However anti-wrinkle spray took the wrinkles out immediately. I’m sure a steamer or iron would do the same. Arrived as expected and within expected time. Some reviewers stated the V neck was too low however I found it to be fine without extra coverup (if not a little too matronly). You can undo buttons both at the neckline and bottom of the dress to make it a little less matronly.


This dress is so beautiful! I got a black/light pink short sleeve. It just looks so much more beautiful in person and the material is so light and soft. It is extremely comfortable to wear! I took off a star because the length shrunk after the first time in the dryer. I'm 5'5, initially it almost touched the floor but after washing and drying, it is now up to my ankles. You can pair this dress with so many different shoe styles! I wear a size L but got a size XL because I didn't want the sleeves to be skin tight. The sleeves fit perfectly! Although it does fit me a bit loose (and I mean a tiny bit) in the torso area I don't mind because it's just a bit more flowy, which I love! The leg split I don't think is too exaggerated, even on a windy day it doesn't feel like it flaps past my knees.


The most beautiful and flattering dress I own! I bought this with the intention of shortening it as I can never find shorter versions of the same style dress. I paired it with a brown belt and it looks absolutely gorgeous on me. The red is vibrant and the green and white are complimentary. My only complaint (which I can easily fix on my own) is that the buttons are a little loose causing the fabric to sit oddly in places.,.. but I think I will sew all the button areas together so that will fix that. Plus my belt helps hide some of the buttons too. I'm 5'4'' and 165 lbs and I bought this in a xlarge which feels slightly loose but if I wash it I don't want it to shrink so much that I can't wear it. I'll be buying more too.


I absolutely loved this dress! For the price, I expected some flaws and to possibly not fit the best but I was so shocked at how great it looks and feels! I purchased this for family pictures and I'm so excited about it! For reference I am 4'11 & 145, small chest but a rather fluffy behind lol I purchased the Large because I wanted a really flowy look and sure enough the dress was too long for me so I washed with hot water and dried at high temperature and it shrunk like 3 or maybe 4 inches in length and got a little more fitted all around which was in my favor and it then fit PERFECT! I didn't have to get any alterations! So if you're debating between 2 sizes I suggest go one size up and wash & dry as necessary because it DOES shrink! I am now planning on getting more colors in this dress because I loved it so much!


Love this dress. Fits perfectly. It was missing a button upon arrival but I sew so no big deal for me. The only thing that I wish was different is the buttons at the top. It gaps at the breasts (mine are 38D) because of the stretchy loops. There is a panel behind the buttons but it doesn't stay in place very well. I have worn a cami under it just to be safe but think I may just end up putting a couple of stitches in it to close it up. But the dress looks exactly like the picture, the colors are amazing, the split doesn't show a lot where the buttons stop at the bottom (which is perfect for work), it is very long and just what I hoped for. It will be the perfect summer dress. For the spring I am wearing it with knee boots and a light jacket/ cardigan which looks pretty good.


While I like to purchase most of my things from Amazon, lately it seems that quality control is missing.  The dress arrived fast and I was excited to try it on.  While I thought it will not fit me, it did.  I am 5'4", 120 lbs.  I try to give more details so saying fit will have more impact knowing the weight and height of a person.  Some of the buttons on this dress was not buttoned so while fastening them one by one, I noticed that one of the button was missing.  It was not sewn as the textile/cloth of the dress is smooth.  While it may not be noticed on the dress, I am worried that it may open the dress (on the part that the missing button is) and show my undies if the sitting position pulls the dress.


