Everything I expected! Love the dress and arrived with Prime in 2 days, just in time for Mother’s Day. I would advise to read the reviews to figure out the style, fitting, and determine the right size for you. I’m 5’0 ft, 125-130 lbs, 34DDD - in between sizes I usually wear Smalls and Medium. I ordered a medium and it fits comfortably (the elastic band is a great attribute) BUT I could definitley been ok with a small and it would be for fitting. Overall LOVE the dress. If you are pregnant or nursing this is the dress for you as well! Nursing friendly!


I wore this dress for my engagement photos, and have worn it out a few times since. It is flowy and comfy and I have received many compliments! The only reasons I chose not to give it 5 stars are 1) it absolutely is see-through, and 2) the buttons in the chest area are not great for women with large busts. They are held together with elastic loops, so if there’s not much extra room there, they stretch and can reveal your undergarments. With the right slip to go under it, it’s fantastic!


The dress fits  the material is so cheap and the dress is cheaply made. The stitching at the waist and hem line is already undone and I haven't even worn the dress as yet. One of the tassels are missing.Probably one of my worst purchases on Amazon...AWFUL


This dress was so wonderful! I wore it for engagement photos! I ordered a small and it fit perfectly. It will need a slip as it is see through if you get it in white.


This dress is SO FLATTERING! I've only worn it once and have had tons of compliments! I am 5'10"/36B/200 lbs and the XXL fits perfectly. I can't wait to buy it in more colors. I threw mine in the dryer with febreeze to try to get out the wrinkles but a steamer would be best


Awesome dress. The colors in real are vivid and as depicted in the picture. Fits perfectly and is very flowy!


I ordered a small. I'm 5.3' &it's of just the right length. The quality of the material is excellent and it's very comfortable. Would love to order more!


I was in a dilemma regarding the purchase but now I'm a happy customer; thanks for all the reviews! :-)


I’m 5’2 and 125 with a small bust line. A Small was perfect. I’ll def be buying different styles. Also, I wore this dress to officiate a wedding. The compliments were endless.


Beautiful long flowy dress. Comfortable. Runs a little big. I should have gone with one size down.


I’m 5’7 and 130 lb and ordered the medium. It fit perfect!  It makes you feel so feminine and pretty so I ordered another one. I’m so glad I bought these!


I was a ittle scared to buy the dress but I fell in love with as soon as I saw it. I bought it and it came in the mail and I was very satisfied. I ordered a small and the dress was little big for my chest but thats because I'm a 36B but the length was perfect. nothing was absolutely wrong with the dress. I recommend it.


