I really liked this dress but I returned it because the print didn't look like the picture, the green leaves were very, very dark... the fabric was very nice and soft, I loved the style! True to size.


What a piece of trash! I am wondering why people give good reviews to this so called dress. Were those reviews even real? They don't allow zero star!


Repurchase in the next size up & it fits great. This is for a Barnyard Chic event & the dress flows beautifully. Pairing with my burgundy booties & garnet lariat necklace, I'm ready to step out!


There came with a snag in the fabric. But overall very cute! Length was perfect on me and I am just a half inch shorter than 5'4". Wish there were an XS the waist feels a little too loose for my likings! But overall good deal for a good price.


The perfect summer dress to wear with a variety of sandals.  Pair with a denim jacket or light sweater and it takes you everywhere.  It's so feminine and cheerful, what's not to like?


This dress is cute, but the buttons don't stay buttoned and I don't feel like wrestling with that all day. It's pretty see through in this color so I would have to wear a slip. I bought a medium, it fit, but was snug through the chest and I'm not full in that area. It was a funny fit for me so I am returning it!


Love this dress!  Just received it today and already ordered another in a different pattern.  Material is light but not cheap feeling.  Will be great to wear for the spring and summer months!!  If you like this dress, don't hesitate just buy it and see why almost everyone is rejoicing about it!! The lighter color fabrics will need a slip like others have said, but no big deal.  :)


The dress is beautiful! I went according to their size chart and ordered a medium. I could have gotten the small though, may have to exchange.


Arrived damaged - one of the string ties around the collar wasn't even attached. wanted to like this but even at this price, not worth the money. Returned it.


When I received the dress, the colors are very strong and the dress isn't hemmed....so sorry to say it's going back to the store! Very disappointed.


