LOVE!! Everyone should own one of these dresses. I'm curvy with large breasts and it fits like a dream. My mom is teeny tiny and it fits her like a dream too!!


Can't beat this dress for the style, fit and comfort.  Perfect summer dress.  Good solid, material, nice flow, fits a curvy figure.  Not crazy about the bodice tie in the front having tassels at the end of it, but it's a small detail that doesn't take anything away from the dress.  Pretty enough to wear to a summer event but casual enough for the office.  At 5'6", the length was perfect.


I have worn this dress twice and I have actually had total strangers stop to tell me how much they love this dress!  Me Too!


Beautiful, glory and whimsical dress! I feel wonderful when I wear it and always get a compliment. I am 5'4" and ordered a medium. A little large but after a wash and dry it shrunk to perfect size. Will hang dry from now on so it doesn't shrink further. Good dress year round!


Classy and beautiful, although buttons are annoying! My husband had to help me close them. But still beautiful and great price.


I love it. Caution because when I washed it on delicate to get the wrinkles out, it did shrink a tad and the tassel got knotted up. I cut the tassel off and just cannot wear it on a "fat" day:-) You ladies know what I am talking about. It is a awesome vintage style.


I love it but it wrinkles SO easily. I bought a small and it fits great. I'm 5'7 130 lbs. VERY cute I receive many compliments when I wear it.


This dress was horrible. I carefully read reviews and settled on this dress for a friend's wedding. I was terribly disappointed. The fabric was so thin you could see right through it, the hems were totally different lengths. The overall quality is just awful. Then I returned the dress and didn't even get a full refund. Would NEVER buy from this company again!!


I love this easy, flowing dress. Good fabric with beautiful white background and a vibrant floral print. Feels very comfortable and the fit was perfect for my 138#, 5'6" frame. I read the reviews and ordered a M


Bought this as a bridesmaids dress for a friend's boho chic woodsy summer wedding.  The price can't be beat - I paid more for the alterations (had it hemmed because it's longer in the back) than the dress itself.  Another bridesmaid had the same dress in a different design/color (she had the pink one). It fits well and looks nice enough to wear in or to an outdoor wedding. Very happy with the product!


