love this color and this dress is swirrrrly! 5.7 130lbs. and long enough to work in


The bottom edge was so uneven it was extremely difficult to hem. The front was above my ankles and the back dragged on the floor. It fits great and looks nice and washes well.


This is one of my favorite clothing items I've ever spent money on. It's so comfortable and flattering and made me feel amazing. I wore it for the first time to an event with my boyfriend and he was so in love with how I looked that night that he unexpectedly decided to propose. I love this dress and have bought it in two other colors since.


I was so excited to receive this dress! I ordered it one day shipping for a baby shower I am hosting. I opened the package and there is a hole in it! I am so upset. I endwd up returning it. I am really bummed out ☹️ Other than the hole, the dress is super cute.


im 5’3 130 lbs but the small still felt a little big. the sleeves were big and the bottom of the dress just had so mich fabric. most significantly the cut of the bottom of the dress was not straight! and it did not seem intentional like a highlow type dress, the actual cut of the dress was uneven. not for me


I bought multiple of these dresses in different colors. They're nice and light weight. Easy but still look like you care about dressing.


Like this a lot. I'm a little busty and ordered an extra large so I may ware a bando or cami over my bra just in case. Overal really nice and flowing. For someone 5'10 doesn't feel like it falls to a weird length. Will order in different color


I love this dress. Fits well, nice and flowy, and I can wear sandals without a heel (I'm 5'3" and ordered a small). Also bought the navy one and same story.


Just got the orange dress today and super happy with it! Was nervous because I️ never order clothes online, I️m 5’2 and 175 pounds, I️ got a L and it Fits great. Arms are a little snug but definitely not to the point where it looks bad.


Can’t wait to wear this for thanksgiving!


Love the lightweight feel, and fit. It is perfect for work and I received a lot of compliments on it! Perfect for summer!! I debated between a medium and a large because I normally wear a 10 which a medium is usually 8-10. But I went with it based on reviews and it's perfect!


