Im 5'2 and a half 125 pounds, 34" x 29" x 35", I wear a size small in shirts and 4-6 in jeans/pants. I first ordered the red and white floral in small. The material is gorgeous! But it was somewhat too big on me. So I wanted to try it in xs but they didn't have it in that color, boo! So I ordered the orange one in xs, beautiful!!!! I hope to order the red and white floral in xs as soon as I can!


Even though I bought a XS, it's still just a tad big and long on me. Dresses tend to be too big lol


This is the third dress I ordered.  I usually wear a size 10 and am somewhat shortlisted (wear a 36C bra)  with broad shoulders and long legs.  I ordered L, XL and XXL and am keeping the XXL.  I guess every woman chooses to wear it depending upon their personal preference.  I like my clothes to fit smooth like the model in the dress picture.  Until I got to the XXL the waist and top were more demarcated and fitted.  I wanted that hippie boho  look where the waist just grazes your body and your bust is not so emphasized.  Otherwise it looks like an empire waist dress.  The XXL fit like a 10-12 unless you like the bust and shoulders to be fitted to show off your bust line. I would say use their specific sizing and be honest with yourself and forget about vanity sizing.


I got about 20 complements the first time I wore this dress, maybe more.  Everyone said, "where did you get that dress".  Many people were surprised when I said "Amazon".


But besides the dress being eye-catching, it is also well made.  The fabric is also nice, it flows very well and has a soft, breathable texture, which is very important to me (I hate fabrics that make me sweat).


This is a beautiful dress, but according to other feedback I ordered a size up. I'm 5'10 145 lbs. I ordered a xl and I usually wear a size 8. I was concerned about it being too tight in the chest. I believe a medium would have fit better. Also it's way to long with a uneven hem. Regardless I will have it altered because its really a wonderful dress.


I am 5’8” 170 lbs (3 weeks postpartum) and I bought a medium. The pros are that I love the design and material of this dress, it’s airy and comfortable without being clingy to unwanted bulges like knit is. The skirt on this dress allows so much movement, you could do the splits in this dress if you wanted, not constricting whatsoever. Cons are that it is cheap, I had to cut off the front tie ropes after the first wash and I wish it was just an inch or two longer so it would cover my ankles. I also wish the waist smocking would go further down. I have a long torso so it almost could pass as a maternity dress on me if I were still pregnant. I decided to keep it because I do like the dress overall, like not love.


I am 5'8" wearing a MEDIUM in RED. I have ordered a handful of colors in this style and Red was by far my favorite because of the color pop and it is not see through! I originally ordered a XLarge and the waist was too loose so now I have a medium. Because of the dresses chest cut, it naturally gives off a larger chest look. I do not have a robust chest but do have more girth and the buttons in medium were tight. If you have a larger chest or wear a padded bra order a size up or hand stitch the chest seam to keep the button elastic from coming undone. These dresses really are marvelous!! Happy Spring! Even though there is still snow in the ground in North Dakota! :D


Love this dress! Very comfortable the buttons are a little annoying but other then that it fits perfect and it was so comfy. I got a xxl and it fit perfect


This dress is so comfortable and cute! As other reviews have said, the skirt is beautifully full and falls so pretty. If you are busty, you may want to order up a size or maybe even more. I have a small chest and the button closure is *almost* bursting for me; the little flap of extra fabric is really a great added detail that saves this dress big time, and there's additional buttons on the inside of the tummy area to make sure it stays closed.


I purchased the cream/purple pattern and in my opinion the only thing that needs ironing is the inside flap so it lays flat (I used my hair straightener for this since it's such a small area!). The rest didn't wrinkle too much for me.


As stated in the description, it does shrink down a little upon first wash. I ordered a medium and it was slightly large before washing, but it fits beautifully now that I've washed it. I will probably be purchasing another pattern in the future!


*lost a star for almost bursting button closure and the fact that pattern doesn't line up as well as it could. Still beautiful, though, and only noticable if you're looking for inconsistencies.


Bought three of these dresses. The pastel flower print was ver disappointing. It's much whiter than pictured...plus the pattern on my dress has larger white areas without pattern. Maybe it's just the section of material my dress was made from, but honestly the pattern is sparse. The black dress with the same flower pattern is gorgeous. This has medium sized blank areas...larger than pictured but it looks nice. Lastly I purchased the cream and black print. It is very nice. Couple drawbacks are they all came very wrinkled, no tags with materials listed and no tags with washing instructions. My guess is they are rayon. So I will wash them in cold water and hang them dry. One positive note is the buttons go further down so you can choose from a small slit all the way to a long slit.


This dress is super cute!! I am 5'7, 135lbs and I got a small.  It fits perfectly.  It kind of reminds me of a 90s dress but I love that about it.  I got the light green and it IS see through so you will need a slip but that is ok with me.  The chest does go a little low cut so you can wear a cami or bandeau if you need more coverage/ modesty.  The buttons are kind of hard to button and mine came mostly unbuttoned so that took a long time to do.  It also came VERY wrinkly so I spent quite a while ironing it.  That said, it looks great on and when you spin it flares out so cute.  My husband absolutely loved this dress on me.  It's very flattering and kind of different than most maxi dresses right now!


