This is a beautiful dress. I'm 5'2" and 84 pounds and it fits great. It is about 1 inch on the floor which a pair of shoes will fix that right up. I'm sure it would easily fit anyone up to 5'7 and to 130 pounds. I just wish it had shoulder pads sewed in, but that is just because I am so small boned. I wish they sold this style in another color.


I'm 5'4" and the dress came just to my foot with 1" heels on. Perfect. Very light weight. Need to wear a slip, spanx, something underneath as it is see through. Button up front. Came with no washing instructions or material information so I'm not sure if it was used or not. I decided to hand wash to be on the safe side. Light iron. Has a funky front tie which I cut off. Perfect for a spring/summer occasion. Very happy with the dress overall.


I ADORE this dress.  After it arrived, I ordered it in two more patterns!  It is a soft fabric, but not clingy.  I'm a 38D and the chest on the XL fits perfectly.  I haven't washed it yet but the material did stand up to a whole day at work without really wrinkling.  I plan on wearing this all summer


I really liked this dress, however I was concerned about the material being Rayon since I've had bad washings in the past with Rayon. It feels light, cool, and it's very comfortable. I ordered a medium, I'm a size 8-10, 5'4", 140 pounds. I ended up returning it because of the length, just too long for the occasion that I plan to wear it (outdoor forest wedding). It would look great with heels, but it's to long for sandals with my height.


Beautiful dress!  I am about a size 12 175 lbs and 5'11".  After reading many reviews, I went out on a limb and purchased this dress. I ordered the xxlarge.  It fit perfectly. I didn't even need a slip. Bought this for my sister's wedding and it was dressy enough with fun jewelry and also could be casual to wear to the beach. I love it.


Made with a placket behind the buttons, and the light blue print even has two inside buttons to hold the placket closed at the waist.


I ordered 2 separate "colors:" the light blue print and the Navy. Happy with each, but like the cotton-y feel of the light blue better than the polyester feel if the Navy. The Navy doesn't have the extra buttons. Both are very long.


I love this dress! The print is beautiful!


I am very short (5'1") and have never worn or even tried on a maxi dress because I thought it would just swallow me. But when I saw this dress, I thought it was so pretty that I had to try. Even though it's a lot of fabric, it doesn't feel like it's overwhelming my small body. I think it looks really pretty! Of course, I knew I would have to hem it because I am so short- had to take off about 3 inches. Otherwise, fits great and super comfy! Definitely gotta cut off the tassles though- so lame!


I ordered according to the posted sizing chart.  I am a true size 10 (med), however for this dress even the large was sizes too small.  Very disappointing.


The dress itself is a nice and comfortable material. I got a size Medium and it fits true to size. My only con about this dress was that the buttons are only attached with a very flimsy and sometimes hard to close looped strings instead of regular holes. I've already broken a string because of how difficult it was to remove the button from it and had to resort to wrapping the broken string around the button in order to close it. Other than that, the dress itself is really nice and I always get compliments whenever I go out wearing it..


I am 5'5'' and 143 lbs, and I ordered the medium size. It was a little big for my size. Its is really flowy and did not shrink after wash. Very impressed by the material and the vibrant colors. This dress needs some solid ironing before you can wear it. And it creases really fast. As soon as you sit or fold your dress from anywhere you will see crease lines. Otherwise the material is very soft. you can easily adjust the slit of the dress by opening or closing the buttons.


