I wear a 12-14 and ordered an xxl and it fits perfectly.  I knew to order a much larger size.  It is so beautiful, flowing and very long as I am 5' 11".


I loved this dress. Got the pink one and I enjoyed wearing it for the summer. It's flowing and the material is nice as well. I am 5 1" and 112 lb and the small size was perfect for me.


This dress is absolutely stunning! I'm 5'7" 120lbs. I bought a size small and it isn't too long at all. It's very flattering in all the right places and the print is so beautiful.


I bought this dress for my daughter to wear for Easter. This dress is beautiful and the material is free flowing. She is 5 foot 6 and she loves the flowy material when you move. She’s a medium and she said she loves the way it fits. She’s 14 and says she can’t wait to try on her new heals we bought to go with it. They haven’t arrived yet. Because of the design you do not need to wear a slip under it.


I love this dress. It's very comfortable and flowy. I'm 5"5" 158 lbs and the large fits perfectly.


Dress has modesty placket to lie beneath the buttons that run the length of the front of dress, but the dress came so completely wrinkled I would have to have it professionally steamed or ironed for it to lay right, I returned the dress.


I was looking for a Hawaiin style dress and this made me think of cherry blossoms.


Unfortunately,  it was too tight in the bust for me.  Dress was beautiful and looked well made. I really loved the feel of this fabric too.  I am so sorry to have  to return it.  It's a dress I would have worn a lot.


Tons of complements on this dress. I LOVE The way it feels. I Feel like a princess in it. The quality is similar to something you would buy at forever 21 but so is the price. I'm a tall ish woman 5'8 and the length of the size small seemed perfect in flats. It would be the wrong length in heals I believe. I really love the way the dress flows.


I'm 5'6" and usually wear a size 6. I ordered a M and it was perfect. Might have even been okay in a small. I'm a 34C and the buttons didn't stretch out. It was still roomy. I received many compliments and it looked beautiful at the beach. It was a bit breezy and the wind made the skirt dance! There are 2 tassels that I had no idea what they were for. They don't tie anything. They just hang there. I would have loved to have something like this when I was pregnant. I loved how long it actually fit me. The material is somewhat thin, not see through, but I liked how light it felt. Will now look for more maxi dresses.


This dress is pretty. I don't like how low the neckline is, and the skirt isn't long enough for me. It comes just above my ankles, I was hoping for floor-length.


