The color of the dress isn't as bright as shown in the pics, looks very dull in real life..what disappointed me even more is their sizing, I'm 5'2" and weigh 157 pounds but size M was still big on me...the material is very stretchy and it's poor loose fitting just makes everything worse...top of everything 2 of the buttons are missing...not worth $30...


The only complaint I have is that the dress was just in a plastic bag and very wrinkled. There is no care label on the dress either. The dress fits beautifully!


I was hesitant to buy a dress online.  I got a large, for the bust size and it fits perfectly.  It may be a little short for someone that is taller.  I get so many compliments on this dress!  I love it!


Well mine is going back..this is Not for heavy women !!.. a large fit my 125 frame , but a medium would have been better... Obviously a heavy woman tried it , and sent it back , because it was torn all along the waist line... guess they don't look If things are damaged before sending... But that also pointed out.. the threading is terrible... too bad.. it would have been very pretty , if they used better thread to hold it together...


I love this dress. Very pretty!  Fit's perfect.  I ordered a small.  I'm 5'2, 95lbs, I wear a c-cup, and I like this dress because it isn't cut too low.  It buttons all the way down, which allows you to adjust how much you want buttoned. I highly recommend this dress.


There was a big needle with the thread stuck in the dress. I tried it on and it wasn’t until I folded it and put it back in the bag that it poked me. This is so unsafe! Why would there be a needle inside the dress. If there is going to be one in there put a label! This is unsanitary. I am so disappointed in the handle of products and the lack of quality control. I most likely will not be keeping my prime account in luei if this happening.


I really do love this dress.  So light weight and pretty.  I just wish it was a couple inches shorter.  I'll have to find someone who could hem it for me to make it shorter.  It goes to the floor in length .  I'm 5'5" tall.


Love it! Very flowy! Ordered a size up and it was still too tight across my breast though. Was able to fix that easily by unbuttoning the top few buttons and wearing a tank top under. I am a 16-20 in dress size and 5'6".


Make sure to follow the posted size chart with measurements rather than your usual size.  A very nice light summer dress.  It is very long, so if you are petite size, you will need to hem.  A modest person might want to wear a long slip with it, as your silhouette will be very visible through it in the sun.


Two stars off because I ordered a light blue dress with vertical striped pattern and received a bright teal dress with a horizontal striped pattern that wasn't pictured.  I'm keeping it though.


Love these dresses! I bought 2 different ones. The first was black with white floral print and 3/4 sleeves. I loved it so much I purchased a short sleeve version in the red/turquoise color. I am 5’4” and 108 lbs and the small fits great. These dresses are so pretty and comfy and I always get complements when I wear them.


