Took me a while to buy it due to some of the size reviews but finally did & I’m very happy with the dress. I’m a 34D, 5’7”, weigh 135 lbs., & I ordered a size medium & it fits well. I have not washed it yet but if it does shrink a little, it will fit even better. Will wash it & if all goes well, will probably order another dress in a different color.


The sizes are way way off on these dresses.  I am a U.S. size 16-18 and so I ordered XXL, having checked the size chart, because I wanted the top part of the dress to be a big baggy for me since the material is not stretchy.  When I got the dress and put it on, it totally does not fit the bust area at all.  This is completely unwearable.  It would seem that I need to research and verify what vendors are selling products on Amazon because Asian sizes are way smaller than American sizes.  It is such a hit or miss to get it right.


As disappointed as I am in the sizing, I will say that the material and style of this dress is absolutely lovely.  I am so sad it did not fit me.  Since there are no bigger sizes in this dress, either I return it, or I try to make a maxi skirt out of it.  I am undecided.  I will see how much it will cost me to return it and make a decision based on cost.


Looks better on my friend whose tall with a small bust


Don't buy this.Don't regret.Waste of Money.


Hands too tight(though my hands circumfrence are thin,same as this model).Shrink.


Came too shrinky upon arrival.


It is not suitable like other dress when i purchased from the same time same Amazon.


Medieval dress.


No return option too.


I read the reviews and bought a size bigger -just in case.-  It is way to tight across the bust.Other than the fact that it doesn't fit, I really like it.


Had this as my Easter dress was great everyone asked me about how much weight I had lost lol so in other words it's super slimming for larger hipped girls


Beautiful dress... looks better than picture online.


Love the pattern and the feel of this dress! It's super cute and just so fun when it catches the wind. The buttons down the front allow you to wear it was a cover up too. I got a small which is a little tight in the bust but there is a little give that keeps it from being too tight (however it is not elastic, there's only a little give).


I loved this in the picture, but when I got it, I wasn't too pleased with the print.  It was a little tight in the bust, but otherwise fit perfectly in length.


A beautiful style dress!!!


Beautiful fabric, but runs small in the 2X size.  I'm a 16 so it should have been loose but the waist is too high and tight.  Otherwise very pretty.


