Really pretty dress, but the bust was too small...not the products fault at all, but I think the bust measurements should be provided so those who are more endowed don't have to waste their time. I got an xl which was actually a little too big for me everywhere except the bust. (I'm a G cup) again super pretty, but don't waste your time if you're bigger than probably a ddd.


The dress is very figure flattering and fits well. My only complaint is that it only has a hem stitch and not an actual hem on the bottom. The seam on the side of the skirt also wasn't stitched together, so it had a three inch hole in the side, but that was easy to fix with a needle and thread. I really like the dress but quality control really needs to do a better job checking the seams and stitching.


I ordered the light blue dress and it looks just as it does in the photos. Received lots of compliments on it. I'm 5'3" and the dress was very long. I wore 2" heels and it still touched the ground. I'm thinking to have it hemmed so I can wear with flats. I really really liked the dress from the design to the way it flows.


For me this Button-up dress was an eye-catcher.  Spending time wanderjaha about going  "island hopping" with this dress.


  It keep looking fresh in the travel that I did.  The floral print and the 22 tiny Buttons, really made this dress.


Love this dress. So soft and u can dress it up or down by unbottoning to show off some legs, when appropriate. I did notice that after the first wash, it did shrink about 5% in length, which wasn't too bad for me. Didn't mind because it was still long enough to look elegant. Great buy!


Milumia button up dresses  is a biutifull dress..I bought  the green one ...I'm 5.4..145 pound and the large fix amaizing. ..just to the bottom of my feed.I  can use with flat sandals ...lock gorgeous. ..receive some many compliment


Great dress for the price! Super flattering!!


The only downside is that the material wrinkles easily. I got the white dress with the black floral pattern. I’m 5’3, 135 lbs. Ordered a small and I’d say this dress is tts!


DON'T SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS DRESS. Unless you plan on never washing it. Got the dress in and tried it on to make sure it fit, and it did. However, the problem came with washing it. I didn't even put it in the dryer and it SHRANK. It shrank almost an entire foot and crooked. So it didn't reach my ankles when I put it on after the wash and air dry AND it was lopsided. I couldn't just wear it as though it was meant to only reach the middle of my shin because the hem was so crooked. I'm so unhappy.


I like the style but the colors were a disappointment.  However, I decided to keep it as it did fit nicely other than I will have to have it hem made shorter. Be aware of length for shorter girls.


I ordered a small based on the size chart and it is very large on me. It looks like the color I chose isn't available in XS so I am not sure if I will return this or give it to a friend. I typically wear a size 0 and my waist is 25 inches.. According to the size chart I should wear a medium! Good thing I didn't order a medium as that would have been way too big. The dress wrinkles very easily and appears a bit cheap, but the price is low so I didn't expect super high quality.


