Pretty print it's a shame the material is so thin that it rinckles really easily and looks like a rag. Elastic band around the waist is too loose and it has strings that are just hanging there and aren't actually for tightening.


Odd fit and not very flattering overall.


I like this dress.  It runs just a little bit small, but I had planned on that so I just ordered one size larger.  It is very soft and flowing.  It has a lot of buttons and is very comfortable to wear.  It is a great spring/summer dress.


I really liked it. I bought it in the red. I didn’t think the material is so thin that I need a slip. Pleasantly surprised of the quality/fit for the price. My hubs asked for me to get another one in a different color, which I am. Very causal and nice for a BQ gathering in the summer.


I'm never sure how things will look on me but this will be perfect, colors and all, for an upcoming wedding.  Love the full skirt and not too high split.  Came very wrinkled so it is in the washer now.  It is rayon which wrinkles easily.


This dress fit beautifully when I first tried it on, was so excited about it. Then I washed it for the first time- in cold water- and the red dye bled all over the white flowers. So now I have a red and white and splotchy pink dress. So sad.


Beautiful Dress!  Fits as expected.  I'm 5'6' and the dress ends at my ankles.  I got this to go with my denim jacket and the colors look great with it.  I'm not sure why they call this a "yellow" dress... it looks just like the picture and its almost ivory or at least a very pale yellow. I'm very happy!!


I have fallen in love with this seller and their dresses. The colors are always vibrant and the dresses are in great quality. This particular dress I messed up on and washed in hot water, so the red bled onto the white a little. TOTALLY MY FAULT. I still wear it all the time though.


Ladies. Buy this. I bought it in the bright red geometric pattern. When I opened the package I thought “This might be too much...”. However, I felt like a superhero when I wore it. It flows behind you when you walk like you’re in a commercial. I got SO many compliments. Buy it! I’m 5’4, about 130, got a M, fits perfect.


After reading reviews I ordered a size up (XL) and it ended up being way too big on me so I returned it and ordered my normal size (L) and it fits perfectly! I'm 5'7", 165 lbs., and a 36DD. It's really light and flowy, and I can't wait to wear it this summer.


It's a very pretty dress.  The "sleeves" are a bit short for my liking.  The armpit side is all of 1".  I bought this in three colors and the sleeves are the same with all.  Still, they are very feminine and lovely.  The weirdest thing, though, is trying to figure out what to do with the tasseled cords that are sewn to the inside of the dress between the 1st and second buttons below the elasticized waistline.  They have to come out between the buttons.  It's odd.


