I received this dress with stitches ripped at some places,  so I had to go through the trouble of restiching again.... Other than that, the color of the dresses is nice and fits perfectly, but honestly the quality of the cloth is not good... in some reviews they mentioned the cloth is soft and silky but my dress is nowhere near to it.... it probably will be gone in a few washes.... the price is not worth....


I really like the dress and pattern. It fit perfect before being washed. I'm 5'4 and it just hit the ground exactly how I wanted. But once washed and dried it now is above my ankles, which is a little awkward for me personally. The bust area also shrunk, so it cuts me off mid chest, I ordered a size up for that specific reason, and it was perfect before it shrunk.


I bought a medium the first time and it was too small in the top chest and arms. I exchanged it for a large and had the same problem!! I have never had a problem wearing any size medium until I bought this dress. I think it was made for a mannequin to wear with no chest and stick arms! It's too bad that they don't make it a normal size medium because it is a really cute dress. Totally disappointed!


I really wanted this dress liked & looked at it for weeks and weeks trying to decide. the arms were too tight, however the body fit was fine. this is 100% rayon. no stretch, so if your plus sized but conscience


I can not understand to whom they made these dresses. The Size Chart doesn't work. Not an accurate Size!


They are extremely small and not even the arms fit in the sleeves.


A shame! Or a joke?


Very disappointed. At first glance this dress looked so pretty, and I could see it being very flattering on me. This dressed smelled like awful chemicals, I washed it in cold water,the red faded on the white. I got this to wear on July 4th, that didn't happen.  This dress one will be returned, unfortunately.


Way too small for an adult nose. Who is this fitting??


The dress is so flowy and I've gotten many compliments on it. It's slightly long, but not too much of a bother. Otherwise, it fit me perfectly, I got a Medium and I'm 5'6", 145 lbs. I often have issues with sleeves being too tight on dresses, but these sleeves worked well with my body type. Definitely recommend.


Poor design. Took forever to get it. Buy the time it arrived it was too cold to ware and I was a month prego unexpectedly. But the worst thing is the buttons are looped by elastic... So when you where it it stretches and showed your near skin from your just to mid belly not atractive.


I bought this dress for my girlfriend, and she looked great in it. First time we washed it however, in cold water on delicate by itself, it bled through. She was planning on wearing this for a wedding, and now it's ruined. It came with no washing instructions, and is now a waste.


