This was one of my favorite dresses to wear this past summer. The colors are beautiful and the material is so soft and comfortable. The only issue is that in the chest area, sometimes the gap between the buttons stretch out so if you're looking, you can see right through to the bra. I like that the buttons go all the way down to the bottom of the dress to make the slit as high as you'd like. This dress comes in so many different colors and I plan on buying more! Great addition to my summer collection! For reference, I am 5'6, 150 lbs and I ordered a medium.


This dress is beautiful!!  I wore to the winery and receives lots of compliments. Friendly ladies asked me where I got the dress from and shared the good news about amazon. They also bought 3 dresses. I am a happy customer and model for life!  I'm a size 14 true to size. But this time I went to XxL only because I wanted more breast room


I am seriously crazy about this fabric (the yellow dress)!! It's kind of sheer so you definitely have to wear something under it but the fit was better than expected. This will be a perfect, light, airy dress for Summer. The size chart said I'd fit an XL but they didn't have the dress I wanted in that size so I gave the L a shot and it was a very nice, just-about-perfect fit. Could be a little tighter in the waist but I'm sure I can sort that out with a cute belt or something. Overall, I'm very happy with it.


First of all, it says "free returns": no, it isn't. I had to pay for the return and it took 2 weeks to get here in the first place. So much for Prime. The dress was practically see through and it didn't fit my bust. I couldn't button it over my bust, but the rest of the dress was roomy and flowy. The company took forever to refund my money and it was probably only after I filed a complaint that they finally finished it.


Ordered this for my wife.  She's 5'1, 122lbs with a 34D/DD.  I ordered a small, but it's still too large pretty much everywhere.  It's definitely a long dress and not meant for petite women.  But it still fits well enough length wise and would be perfect with a minor alteration to the length.  But the shoulders, waste, and even across the bust was too large even at a small.  So they seem to run a tiny bit big.  Returning it and ordering an XS and will see how that fits her.


All in all though it's a very beautiful and appealing dress.  It fits and hugs curves very well and just looks good. ;)


I love these dresses by Milumia. They are very pretty, extremely soft, comfortable and sway in the breeze just beautifully. I like to think of these as my twirl dresses (bought 4) because I just feel so feminine in them and can't resist twirling in them! I'm 5'7" 129lbs and ordered a small. I am very petite but athletic build, decently tall - small waist & hips, broad shoulders 34B chest - it fits wonderfully. I have so many compliments, mostly by other ladies for the same reasons I mentioned above which I prefer because those compliments are more genuine I think. They remind me of dresses I wore in the 90's and have been looking for for years. I hit the jackpot with these! I love that they have so many patterns to choose from too. Customer service is great. Would love to fill my closet with these - wish they had dresses that were longer though - at least a couple more inches.


This was a great purchase. So great, I bought a second one in navy. I bought the Large since I wear 38B bra size. The dress fits right and the fabric feels great.  The only thing is that this dress is more like "winter white" not white.  I had to hem it up since it comes way too long for me, and thank God I could saw because it has a very wide bottom and it took me a couple of hours to fix.  I am planning to wear it with a thin red belt, right over the stretchy high waist area, which it makes it very elegant.  Even without a belt, it looks great! Go for it!


This dress was a nice surprise.  I find it extremely hard to shop for dresses. I'm short (5.4) and I don't like to show off my legs. I ordered it hoping to wear it for my upcoming Hawaii vacations, and I liked it very much when it arrived. The fabric seems perfect for hot weather,  very thin but not see through.  The style is flattering. It is too long for me but this is an easy fix. The buttons are a little tedious but I found out that it is quite easy to put it on and take it off without unbuttoning.


I absolutely LOVE this dress.  The size fits exactly as it should.  The material is not clingy.  The dress flows nicely and is somewhat fitted on top.  It is not an empire waist so you don't look pregnant like a lot of long dresses.  I'm wearing it straight out of the package today at work. Even though it is very wrinkled from delivery, you can't tell, so I didn't even bother to try to iron it.


There are not any care instructions, so I'm guessing, wash on gentle, hang to dry, and a light cool/slightly warm iron (or just get it dry cleaned once in a while).


I will probably order a couple more.


Love this dress! 36/30/37 are my measurements and large fits great I'm 5'3 so it is a little long but ok with heels. I have not washed and dried but I have a feeling it will shorten up a bit after that. If not the hem line is very simple I'm sure it's nothing to have it hemmed up


