I’m so in love with this dress I feel so sexy in it. The fabric is very pretty it feels fresh for summer. I bought another one for my sister and I’m definitely getting another one for me. I’m 5’2 weight 132 lbs with 38C I choose Medium fit perfect. If you love long dresses I highly recommend this dress!


The teal flower one in xxl does not look nothing like the picture. It's not low cut as in the picture. The colors are not as vibrant. I honestly felt like I was wearing a dress from another time period in France..  The only thing I can say is the feel of the dress was nice. Also this dress is not for anyone  5'9 and over. Too short.


The dress is beautiful, the only problem I have with it is the bottom of it is very unevenly cut, my left side drags on the floor while the right side doesn't even touch the floor, the back isn't even as long as the left side. But all in all it's something a tailor can fix. I haven't washed it yet in fear of it shrinking so I can't help much there. The dress is beautiful, it's very wrinkly. Took me half an hour to iron the whole thing which to forewarn you- will be necessary.


I am in love with this dress! Bought it in 4 patterns and will buy more! The first one i wore, which was a dark one, my husband told me looked like a witches dress, but looked good, lol. When my son saw me, he said "Ooooh mommy you're a princess!" Sold! Today i went to my kids school in this light colored one and the kids surrounded me and told me I was princess Elsa (from frozen). I love it, it's beyond comfortable. I'm wearing with sandels, but I feel like you could dress this up or down. The patterns are so pretty, I have gotten so many compliments and stares... I'll take it! buy it! Buy 10 !


This dress has a really pretty flow skirt. I agree with some of the other reviews, this dress sort of looks like a sister wife with the sleeves. (To me personally they just seemed to be an awkward length on me) I bought a Medium. It fit pretty well but I decided to alter it a bit, I removed the sleeves and fit the waist to me and it looks much better. The reviewers who posted pictures are super gorgeous and work the dress amazingly, I just personally thought I looked like a conservative southern church goer. (not that there is anything wrong with that, just not my style)


Better than I expected I got 6 compliments in public on the dress ! Great online find I wore with flat Sandles I am 5'6" and the length was great. Material was soft and flowy. Fit was perfect


Love this dress perfect for summer parties.  Length is perfect and I am 5'4".  Am ordering another one n blue.  If you are looking for a comfortable and stylish dress you won't be sorry.


the dress fit perfect for me but for my sister it was a bit big. I am 5'2 220 lbs 40 D and i got XL and it fit really well. my little sister 5'4 we got her a medium and is was too loose


I am 240lbs and 5’9 inches tall. I typically wear a size 16 pants and I ordered an XXL. It fits pretty perfect! I love how this dress accentuates my curves, I am very picky about dresses so for me to even like it, it has to be great and comfortable. I have a very large chest (42DDD) so the boob room is ~almost~ too small for me, but do-able. I’m wearing it as a bridesmaids dress this summer. I highly recommend this dress!


I adore this dress, I really do. It is at 3 stars though because it was a bit short and when I washed it it shrank a bit (5’7” 130 curvy).Still the red and floral print is a show stopper this spring and I love the button up aspect.


