Fits and looks better than I expected.


I am overweight but the pattern and fit are both comfortable and slimming.


Such an easy dress to wear.  I like to pair it with a belt and/ or a little cardigan for work.


This dress is lovely and the colors are true as seen on the pic. My only issues is that despite that it fits my body lovely there are arEa that can be a little big. I would advise that you order based on how you like your clothes to fit. If you love tight clothing order a size down . If you prefer for a little grow room , order your true size. I usually wear a large and I find the large to be just slightly big in some areas. But it does hug my body and fits me the way I like to. The materiel a is soft and the dress is overall a great buy.


Love this dress! it fits perfect except around the shoulder area. It’s big and hangs funny and the shoulder doesn’t stay put. The colors are beautiful and I get lots of compliments when I wear it. I just feel uncomfortable in it because of how it fits. Someone with a bigger chest prob wouldn’t have this problem.


This dress is perfection. I'm about 5'4", about 135lbs and bought a M/L. This dress is feminine and looks dressy but feels SO comfortable. It is stretchy but in a very flattering way and feels almost like wearing sweats. Roll out of bed, throw this on, spray in some dry shampoo and you're good to go.


Pattern was kind of cheezy looking. Cute on the computer screen but in person, it did not look cute. Cheap materials.


I either 1) don't know how to measure myself correctly or 2) gained about 40 lbs between meansure and receiving this dress. If you're just up for a self esteem killer, order this dressed based upon your normal size.


I ordered two different colors of this dress in the same size. The dress with the Navy Red/Yellow Floral print did not fit properly in the bust area. The fit was tight and awkward, so I had to return it. I was disappointed! It's strange because the other dress I ordered fit perfectly and it was the exact same style and size, but it was the Navy Pink/Blue Floral print. I think the sizing is inconsistent! It's too bad because the Navy Pink/Blue Floral print is lovely and I'd like to order more colors but I'm hesitant.


Super cute and form-fitting, but it definitely runs a little small. I ordered a size M (8-10) and I definitely don't wear an 8 or a 10, probably closer to a 7. Anyway, it fits like I ordered a small. Granted, I am pregnant right now, which is why I ordered a size up in the first place. I would recommend it, I would just suggest you order the next size up. There's some stretch to it so that helps too :)


I love Tom's Ware products. They are always cute, stretchy, comfortable, and good quality. The color of this dress is great and looks exactly as photographed. It holds up in the wash well. I wear these dresses to work (I also have the royal blue one) and always get a lot of compliments!


I'm 5'3, 135 lbs, 34DD and ordered a size x-small/ small after looking at the size chart and reading reviews. This dress fits perfectly! It's snug, but that's the fit I was hoping for. Also, the material is thick so you couldn't see my panty lines at all. One thing is this is supposed to be a midi dress but it kept rising above my knees when I walked. Maybe I ordered a size too small? Either way, I was very surprised at the quality of the dress and plan to order more colors!


