After reading all the good reviews, I bought 6 different prints in the same size because they were on sale. To my surprise not a single one fits the same. Some are so tight I could hardly get them on and some were so long they went clear to the middle of my shin but others didn't even come to my knee... to top it off they arrived late. Disappointed.


Love it! Good fit. Awesome price.


I ordered the XXL and was confident this dress would fit a 5'3" 205lbs size 16 lady, but it didn't! A little too tight for my liking. And trust, I like form fitting clothing, however, this dress was definetly a bodycon type dress. Hate to send it back for the small price I paid for it.


I wear dresses throughout the spring and summer and am not picky with fit, but I did not like this. The fit was not as flattering as I was hoping for and now I can't return. I will likely give this to good will.


Very soft cotton. I like it! Size M. I'm 5'4, 145lbs.


I really like this dress. It isn't thin or see-through. It's super comfortable, the material is soft, and it fits well. I've worn it several times and the color isn't fading, nor is anything fall apart. I highly recommend purchasing it.


I could barely get this over my head.  Obviously it is too small. I am five feet seven and wear a size 14 dress.  It looked O K but not able to review this black dress because I couldn't wear it.  After reading some reviews I am sending it back and not going to order this in XLG.  Not sure a larger one would work!


Love this dress, although it does seem to be a bit.....snug.....or it could be that last donut creeping up on me.  Nice fabric, nice construction, gonna order more styles!  Can't beat the price!


I'm 5'6", 140 lbs. and the Large was entirely too small for me!  I felt like a stuffed sausage in it.  Even though the print, colors and fabric quality are very nice, this dress is way too form fitting for me...felt like I was wearing an all-over girdle!  I was hoping from other reviews that this would fit since I bought it for a great discount on Prime Day but unfortunately I will have to return it.


I buy a lot of inexpensive dresses on Amazon. This is one of the better ones; good quality, some stretch to the fabric, great length. The fabric is thick and soft. I get a lot of compliments every time I wear this dress.


