I'm 5'2 & 215lbs. This dress for great! Material is soft/thick/stretchy and long enough not to bother me it rides up when walking. I bought a 2x. This is my 2nd buy and I will be getting more colors soon.


This dress is not blue it is GREEN. As soon as I saw it I was going to put it right back in the packaging and return it but decided to try it on first! HOLY CRAP THIS DRESS IS BOMB!?!  I don't care if it was BURNT ORANGE I think it would still look good! So glad I tried it on. I am 5'10" 182lbs and I ordered a large.... Just simply amazing..


I had high hopes for this dress.  The material is thin,  and its a lot shorter than i expected.  The print looked like a curtain.  I wanted to wear this to Sunday Service, but its a bit above the knee and im not comfortable that.  BUT, it would be cute for a daytime date :-) Just wish the material was a bit thicker.


I bought this dress on Prime day, and I'm really pleased with it. I'm 5'1 and pretty petite. I bought the xs/s and it fits great - not too tight, but form fitting, and hits right below my knees.


My only beef with it is that the neck line is a little wide and so it fits kind of big in my shoulders. I have to keep pulling it in and adjusting it. It's personal preference for me, though, as i don't think this would be an issue for other people.


Overall I'm super happy with my purchase!


One of my favorite dresses for work. Stretchy and comfortable.


I like this dress, I’m 5’3, 160 lbs and the large fit well. It hits me just above the knee, I thought it would be slightly longer, but I’m okay with the length.


This dress is much cuter than in the picture!  It is not really small, just a little more close-fitting than I expected.  I am 5'5, and 140 lbs and the XL is perfect for me - snug but flattering.  It's also very comfortable, and the fabric is a great weight - not too thin.  Will buy more!


Great dress but I'd recommend buying a size larger than you usually wear. The fabric is a little see thru so you will need to wear some kind of slip underneath.


To tight for my taste.  The material was so soft, that even though it looked too tight, it was still comfy.  It looked just like the picture too.  Really nice dress.


I'm 5'4" and 105 lbs. I got the XS and it fits almost perfectly, though the shoulders are just a bit big (but that happens to me with virtually all clothing that would have an otherwise perfect fit. As other reviewers stated, the printed dress has a thicker material, which minimizes undergarment lines, but it isn't too hot. I wore it to and from church today (100 degree weather) and was perfectly comfortable. I'm a sucker for anything floral printed; love, love, love this dress!


