This is a beautiful dress! I wore it to a wedding and received lots of compliments. The only bad part is if you have a little bit of a belly it'll show even with a tummy tucker.


The color and design of this dress were so pretty. I bought the khaki and yellow floral one hoping to wear it for Easter. I saw some mixed reviews about whether or not it is true to size...i saw a few women who said they wore a size small even while pregnant so i didnt anticipate that it would hug quite so closely on me. I am 5' 5" and 114 lbs so i went for a small. It was SNUG. Not so tight that i couldnt breathe but it was pretty skin tight. It probably technically fit the way its supposed to being a body con dress but i was hoping it would have a little bit of room. I will be returning it but am still debating if i want to try to get a refund or just get a medium instead...i would be happy with just a little extra room. The dress seemed really well made with even seams and the fabric was really comfortable. The length fell a couple inches below the knee which is the length i was hoping for.


Beautiful fit and beautiful dress. I am very happy with it. Fabric appears to be quality. Has stretch and is smooth. Not thin or overly see through. It is a lighter color so I will not wear bright or dark undergarments but when I put it on you can barely see through it. Fits great and has worn and washed well over last few months. Still looks great. The stitching on hem could be a bit more stable and is the only reason I rate a four instead of a five.


This dress is not for the faint of heart!  It shows every roll, bulge, and cellulite dimple.  If you are in shape and have flat abs - go for it!  Or even a nice rear end, go for it.  Otherwise be prepared to be wearing hard core shape wear, perhaps several pairs.  I purposely purchased a larger size in hope of giving myself a bit if room.  Not happening!  This is an extremely form fitting dress.  I got the gray.  It is well made and the fabric is good quality.  However, I don't know if I'm keeping it.  So if you don't mind every  body flaw being revealed, or are willing to be suffocated by Spanx go for it.


I'm 5'2. I weigh 165. I normally wear a large/xl top and size 10 (US size) pants. I have a tummy and big bust 36ddd. I bought a size large and it fits perfect. It comes down to just above the knee on me. The material is soft and not too thin. You can't see through it. The floral pattern actually hides my tummy a little bit, which is a plus. I love that I can dress it up for work, or down if I'm feeling more casual. I can wear my sneakers with this dress and it still looks good. Winning! 10/10 I will be buying more!


I wore this to a baby shower and felt very girly and pretty.  I think this dress is perfect for those type of occasions like tea time, wedding, or baby shower.  Excellent price, can't get more value than this dress.  Also love that this is a dress you can dress up or down.  I got the Medium and I am 5'6.


Bought this dress for my fiance, she loves it. She didn't expect much but loved the pattern and cut. After it arrived and she tried it on she said she was very surprised by the quality. It has a thick fabric, not suffocating, but cozy. She now has four of these dresses because she loves it so much. Looks great on her! She wears it with flats or heels and a string of pearls, great summertime look!


I order a size up based on reviews and I'm glad I did. My regular size would not have fit. It's a pretty dress that looks like the pic. It's a heavy material- not see through at all. Soft and I really like the sleeve length. It's a little heavy/hot for summer time but for the price you can't go wrong. I'm 5 5 and the length covered my knees. Great for work or church! VERY form fitting (just like the pic). I'm taking off a star because it rides up a bit when I walk and I have to keep pulling fit down, which is annoying.


again perfect dress and fit. I'm 1.52 and weigh 120 lbs. I ordered a medium and it fit me beautifully. I am a c cup and it's not too tight it has a little room in the waist which is perfect. I have a relatively small behind so a medium is perfect for me. I would suggest ordering a large if you are blessed in the back and you have a small waist and boobs. You can always ask a tailor to alter the waist for you. Good quality also doesn't look cheap. I haven't washed the dress yet so I would not comment about the color. The dress and color look exactly as it does in the picture.


I loved this dress so much I bought it in another color right after trying it on!  I recommend wearing shapewear if you have some "lumpy areas" like I do (4 months post partum).  Check out the size chart before you order.  I am usually a large these days and I ordered the M/L.  I would not have wanted to go any bigger.  The stretch is nice and the material is good quality.  I don't think you will regret buying this dress!  It can be dressed up with heels or down with booties and would look VERY cute.


UPDATE:  I ordered another color in the same size and it was MUCH bigger than the other dress. Beware of size inconsistencies.  Thankfully, they make it simple to return.


