I love this dress. The dress fits tightly--very form fitting, but because of its elastic nature, will give you room to breathe. It will show all of your curves, which may be a great or bad thing depending on your own personal taste. I get compliments on this dress all the time--both at work (corporate office--I wear this dress under a blazer) and when I am out casually. The dress does not feel nor look cheaply made and for its price, it can't be beaten. I loved it so much, I bought one in black and will soon look into other colors as well. Highly recommended!


Usually a Medium but ordered a large because of reviews, but Sent back because it was a bit big. Ordered a medium and fit perfectly. I needed a medium after all!!


So you buy one or two larger sizes (depending on ho fit or loose one prefers the dress) and it is amazing.  Extremely comfortable and once a little cardigan is added...it becomes the PERFECT outfit/dress.


This dress is hands down my best Amazon clothing purchase to date. I took previous buys suggestions and sized up to a large. It fits my 5'4" 138lb 34G size 8 frame perfectly. The color was as expected and the fabric is a quality medium weight knit.


Everything as expected. The material is thick enough not to need a slip underneath (a real concern with white color) and fits well. I am 5'6" and 130 lbs. Falls just below knee. Hugs curves without wrinkling. This fits the bill perfectly as an Easter dress. Vibrant colors are lovely. Great value for the money.


This is a versatile dress and the fabric is great. Great for the price. I do wish the sleeves were tighter, but other than that, it's great - I'll wear it with a jean jacket and sandals.


Okay so thank you to all the ladies who left reviews and suggested ordering a size up. The dress does run small but I did get it in the right size and I love it. The colors are bright and pretty. I ordered the size Small/Medium, I am 5"5' about 155,. My only complaint is it bunches a little in the back in my waist area, but that's because my waist is small. But not enough of a bother to return.


Love this dress! I bought the navy one too  It washes up beautifully! no shrinkage,no fading, no wrinkling.  The fabric is like a high quality tshirt fabric soft & stretchy.  I'm going to purchase a solid color next.


I found it to run small order a size up.


The dress hugshirt the curves where they r suppose to.. the color in the fabric is just perfect..you can dress this dress up with a pair of heels and a nice neckles or down with a cute denim jacket and a pair of canvas tennis shoes.


The reviews are accurate. This is a very flattering dress and modest while being form fitting. I'm 5'7" and I wear a size 12 normally and purchased the L/XL size, it fit perfectly without being tight at all or too loose. Since I bought the mint green floral, I'll be purchasing this dress in a fall color as well, I like it so much!


