I just received my dress and I just had to try it on immediately so don't mind I look like a mess! I'm 5'2" and I weight 145. I ordered a medium. The material feels great and the fit is great!


I'm 6' 150 pounds.  I got a small.  It's long enough.  It hits maybe 3 inches above my knee?  Probably less.  It is pretty tight though.  I wanted tight so I'm fine with that.  If you want it to be body hugging but not skin tight I'd get a medium.


I'm 5 '7 135 and order a medium. Also 17 weeks prego and it fits perfect!! I love that the dress is thick enough to not be see through. Very similar to a lu la roe Julie except thicker material and slightly less stretchy.


This is a beautiful dress, the color (green) is as shown, but the sizing is a little confusing due to the 2 systems with which its listed. I'm 5'4" and 35-27-37. The "Small/Medium" fits comfortably on my chest, tight but comfortably on my hips, the length is just below my knee. Its internal tags say US-Small, Asia-Medium, the external tag says US-M.  I previously bought the "Small" (which was internally labeled US-XSmall, Asia-Small, externally US-S) which was extremely tight on my hips.  I do love this dress and will probably buy more now that I know which size to get!


I really wanted to love this dress because it is so beautiful and good quality too! However for me it just didn't fit. I am petite but curvy, 4'10" but 45" hips and 38" bust. Hoped it would be stretchy enough that a little hem might be all I'd need. Bought patterned dresses - XL, too small in the hips; XXL, too large in the top. Some rouching is ok but the hip area is just too stretched looking. Had to return both. Still great quality and if your hips fit then should look great!


This dress fit perfectly and was of nice, thick material.  I liked it, but my husband just thought it looked like an "old T-shirt" so I dent it back.  (I wear a traditional size 12, and I'm  5'7" and 155 lbs.)


I’ve ordered numerous versions of this dress but for whatever reason my solid black dress is super long. I can sew so it’s not a big deal for me to shorten it a bit.


It was a little larger than I expected, but I washed it in hot water and dried it in a hot drier and it shrank just enough. I was very impressed with the fabric quality, for the price I did not expect the thread count to be so high. Holds its shape very well and looks high end.


This dress is so nice for the price. I got an extra small and I wear a size 0 and it fits me perfectly. I love that it comes right to my knee so it isn't too short. It came in a plastic package and honestly smelled like a sweat shop until I washed it. But it has great quality fabric and didn't shrink in the dryer.


Love the fit and material of this dress ! Super comfy . I’m 5”5 135lbs and I took a large as I don’t like my clothes too tight and it did fit well !! Passed my knee by about 1”-2”. All in all excellent Buy


