One Word "Fabulous"


Nice fit and i love the colors.  Im 5'11 140 and ordered a medium (the tags are a size up).  It comes to just above knee length,  id probably like it to be a little more fitted but it still tapers nicely.  Overall very pretty and eye catching dres


Just got this dress today and I love it! Fits like a glove and the print helps hide any "imperfections" that are real or imagined. Lol If it helps I am 5'5 and 205 lbs. I normally wear a 14 in a dress. I ordered the XL. I am a pear shape and this fit both my top and bottom well which is somewhat hard to find as you other "pears" know.


All I can say is that it may me feel very pretty.


Nice dress :) especially for the price. I literally got it 10min ago and had to try it on! The fabric is fairly soft and stretchy! The color is great and the fit is pretty good. I ordered S/M (it's says M on the dress' tag though), I'm 5'6", 138lbs, 34B, 27"waist, 39/40" bottom/hips. It's just a tad bit loose around my waist but not enough to bother me. I wish the sleeves were tighter but that's about the only complaint. I think I'll order more in other colors :))


I'm 5'9", 34C, 32" waist and 40" hips. Got a med-large and it fits perfectly! Love Love Love this dress got so many compliments wearing it for a special event.  Will definitely be buying the other floral designs soon.


This is a very nice dress. I wore it to a wedding and loved it! I am 5'6 145lbs and ordered a S/M. I was worried that it'd be too tight because everyone was saying order a size up, and i got a lil junk in the trunk. Good buy I would say!


This dress is so pretty on and gives a great curvy look.  Thick material.  Long.  We used this as our salon uniforms.  Some girls had the dress altered to be a bit shorter.


Hugs in all the right places. Fabric is thicker than expected, so no panty lines! Quite comfortable, too. Unlike a lot of dresses on Amazon, this one looks exactly like the picture. I'm 5' 6" and the bottom hem goes right to my knee. I'm very pleased with this purchase.


I bought three of these and am returning them all, but it is a nice dress. I'll explain: I am 128lbs, 5'2", 32E. Based on the sizing listed, I bought two dresses in size US S/Asian M, the pink and the gray. I liked the white with the red floral dress the best, but it was only in US XS/Asian S. Since I didn't know how they would fit, I bought that one too anyway on the chance it would work.


All three (2 US S and one US XS) are a size too small. How?


The patterned dress has less stretch, and more form, than the non-patterned dresses. I put my hand inside both types and held them up, and you can feel the difference in the give of the weave of the unpatterned dresses, which changes the way they lay against a person in an unflattering manner (see pictures). The pink and gray ones look more see-throughish and more t-shirty as well.


 I have posted a side and a front picture of the unpatterned pink dress and the patterned white floral one. Both are too small, but the white floral looks (and feels) like it fits better than the pink- and the white floral is a size smaller than the pink.


None of the dresses are work appropriate so they are all going back, but I would buy one in my size (US S/Asian M) if it was patterned.


