I love the colors and material.  Bought this for a summer dress to go to Francisco, everyday and church.  Great for what I wanted.  You may dress it up.  I bought several colors.  I am only send this back for a different size.  I am top heavy, 5 ft 2 and  160 lb.  I need the XXL.  Great dress and I am not a dress girl.  Trying to be more girly for hubby.  Fits very nice, shows of curves and look respectful.  Thank you.


Love this dress! I got a large- I am 180# and 5'4" and it fit great! The floral patterns are very forgiving and slim you up a bit. The sleeves are great for covering my arms which can be a bit of a insecurity area for me. Came to just above my knees. Very flattering, I would buy it again in a heart beat!


I love this dress.  It has some stretch and is comfortable.  I would make sure and order an appropriate size because when stretch it does affect the color a bit making it have a more faded look in places.  Overall it is a great buy for the money.  I wear it with my western belt and cowboy boots.


Love this dress.  I'm 5'7" and around 105 lbs so I was concerned about a M being to big, but it was perfect.  It is form fitting without being too tight.  The material is like a thicker and stretchier heavy tee shirt.  So, its casual and dressy at the same time..  All the seams are nicely finished, no strings dangling.  Good workmanship, looks like it will hold up well.  I just may have to buy another in a solid or another print.


I've had this dress for awhile now,  but just can't wear it. The colors are off from this picture. This dress has a completely different appearance with way too much yellow for my taste.. I really like the style, however this is the second pattern I have tried, and the colors don't work for me.  It is made of quality material and hangs well. I wish I would have returned this product. I just kept looking at it hoping I would get comfortable with the colors.


LOVED this dress!  I'm 5'9 - 157 Lbs. got the Large. Fit like a glove! So comfortable as well and great material! Perfect length as well.


Beautiful.  I love this dress!  Got it to wear to my sisters baby shower, and got so many compliments on it! Definitely form fitting,  but not to snug. The material feels great and is not see thru. Length hits right below knee (I'm 5'7, 125lbs, 34A, and got the size medium floral navy)  I'm definitely considering getting more colors!!!


The dress feels like an expensive quality there is nothing cheap about it and the link is below my knees which makes it classy but the design also makes it very sweet and almost sexy because it is formfitting however I ordered a medium and it came in slightly larger than I thought it would.  I also wore this while I was about five months pregnant and it fit very well


I typically order an XL, because I'm a size 10/12, with a 32" waist and 43" hips. The colors are amazing, and I think it might be a flattering dress for all body types. The fit was great, however, the material was thicker than I expected and didn't have as much stretch as I thought it would have. It felt too restrictive for me, but that could just be my issue. I think I would have kept it if the material had been a little softer or more giving.


Got a size small (normally a size M 4/6). It's very fitted/ tight and a bit more open than I would like it to be for business (Think bending over and can see cleavage). For me, it shows off the tummy and makes you look pregnant, so if you don't mind that, I recommend it. It sits about 2" or so below the knee, which I like (I'm 5'2). Overall recommend but depends on your style and what you're looking for.


