I'm a size 8 and DD, got the large and it fits perfect. Medium would have fit but I suggest the large if you're larger in the chest. Cutest dress!


The dress is a little  tight, the material is good and soft; hour glass figure... a most have! but looks great, did not quite like the sleeve it somehow takes away or adds too much print, so I altered with a slight type cap sleeve, looks good... Also think that the material gives and it can be added a bit more room and still will look nice, for that reason I gave only 3 stars.


Cute dress but runs small. Good thick dress. Definitely order 2 sizes up for more of a woman's fit. I am 5'4" 155lbs and th large was very tight.


It was way too small, I'm typically a 10 but this product in a large was way too small.  The material is nice and I would purchase but I would size up.


I LOVE this dress. Its definitely a body contouring dress. It fits great in the arms and shoulders. I get lots of compliments on it and the print is so lovely.


Tight fitting. I would definitely get a size up.


Also cheap looking.


Well-made but my dress runs on the tight side. It runs a little larger than the prints that I purchased, so I can get away with it. For reference, I am 5'5" and weigh 125. I usually am a small, but in the prints I had to return for medium. This fits but is too long for my taste, and I will have to have it shortened. Overall, really cute and well made. Can't wait to wear it!


While I like the feel and look of the dress, the sizing is off. I ordered a large and its way too tight. I am 5'4" and weigh 160. I will be exchanging it.


The dress is nice it is however the sizing is what messed me up. I'm 5"2 around 140 pounds and I thought the medium would be good.. nope very tight to the point it hurt while it was on. Large would've been better, just really make sure what size you want/need before ordering. Regardless though it is a pretty dress and the design was very cute


Gorgeous print. Easy-care fabric. But be warned that the stated size chart is waaaaay off. Order at least two sizes larger.


