Love this dress. Very flattering like lularoe but much better price!


I love the dress! Color is beautiful! I wish the dress was longer! I am 5’7 and have long legs. So when I walked it did slide up but I love the fit.


this dress is very nice.. I'm just extremely burnt out on all these clothes with labels of XL XXL and XXXL  I'm 5'9" and I weigh 198 lbs, I wear a size 14 long jean, sz 10 shoes and have shoulders like a quarterback..... I'm not a giant.... I also am not a teeny tiny itsy bitsy little asian type person for whom APPARENTLY Large and XL are in American size equal to a size 4 or 6...


First of all: material is 100% polyester, not rayon as promised. It is small, but it was my mistake, I should order L/XL as advised. I like the dress covers my knees and I like the color. That's it what I like. I will keep it though it is not what I expected it would be. On the other hand, what else could you expect for this price... Good enough for everyday wearing. Just order two sizes larger! And if it is okay with you to wear polyester, not something more natural.


Am 5'5 , 172 the dress is a large


This is a really nice casual dress


Made of strong stretchy material


The only down fall is its a bit big


I'm usually a medium in dresses and pretty much in everything else


But this medium was more of a large


Like I mentioned it's stretchy so if I would of  ordered a small it would of been perfect...I purchased the black dress


Don't know if it's the same material for the floral ones


This dress if beautiful!  I wear a sz 14 and ordered the XL, it fits wonderfully.  I have large breasts and small waist and it fits both very well.  The stretchiness helps a lot.  I pair it with a short, solid color jacket and it makes the dress ok for work. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00UIRLUYA/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1


This is a pretty dress. Glad I got the medium. It fits a bit tight, and I am usually a 4-6.


Cute, fitted, casual dress. Fit good. i ordered a Large but probably could have also went with a medium. I usually wear large in bottoms and medium in tops.


