Im in love. Cant wait to buy another one. This dress is beautiful and came really fast. Thank you


Love this dress! I got the white one... I am 156 lbs, size 9/10, 38DD chest, curvy and I ordered XL to fit "church appropriate" for Easter and it fit perfect. I could have ordered a L if it was for another occasion/more bodycon/sexier fit.


Can I give this 10 stars?! THIS DRESS IS BOMBBBB!!!! It's light material but not see through so perfect for work!! Fits as expected and the fabric is EVERYTHING!!! Will be ordering in more colors! I'm 5'3, 135 and the small fits perfectly!


Love this dress!! I'm 27 weeks pregnant and it's perfect! It is stretchy and light fabric making it great for summer, but thick enough that you can't see trough it. I ordered the XS/S and I'm glad I did. I'm normally a size 0-1 or XS. Even pregnant I still have a smaller chest, so for me this was perfect. I will definitely get more!!


This dress came super fast. I love the material, not too thick, and not super t- shirt thin. The color is gorgeous. This dress will show everything, but nothing a good pair of spanx won't fix :) I ordered a large my measurements are chest 38in. Waist 33in, hips 40 inches. I definitely plan on ordering more patterns and colors. Add a vest or belt to dress it up or down and you got yourself a super cute outfit.


CUTE. I'm going to be returning it though because the size XXL is just too big for me (too long, calf-length, baggy under the bust and at the shoulders). I'm 46-38-47 with a 38G bust. It's VERY stretchy and super forgiving for different body shapes, but I just ordered a size too big. The fabric on the patterned ones is thicker than a typical T-shirt, so it covers great, but it's also a little warm. This would be a GREAT dress under a cute jacket with boots for fall. I'll definitely be re-ordering this one a size (or two) smaller.


I am currently 160lbs! 5 feet tall. 34 weeks pregnant. The medium/large fits great! Tag came stating large.


OMGOSH this dress rocks. I got the pink floral pattern one (size small/medium) and it fits perfectly! I'm 5'8 135 lbs. it's so hard to find dresses that are modest and stylish. This dress is hot and classy for an amazing price! The dress hits me right above the knee-- definitely going to buy more in diff colors. I'm 4 months pregnant and it has the stretch I need to show off my little baby bump as it grows but still be really flattering. Yes to this dress!


Very cute and good quality fabric. This will really hug your body but not in an uncomfortable way. I got the medium large and I'm about 175 pounds and 5'8.


I'd give this 100 STARS if I could! My lil guy told me that I looked beautiful! And my hubby was rushing out the door and told me quickly that he liked it...ten minutes later, he's calling me and telling me how much he really really likes it!! It fits perfectly! I'm a size 2 in womens and a 3--5 in Juniors and 34DD...after reading the reviews, I just threw a hail Mary and decided to go with my gut which was a S/M. Nothing like a women's gut instinct!!  Can easily wear it to work and for play!  First time I've ever ordered from this company and now I am SOLD!


