I get a lot of compliments on this one. Ordered a medium, and I'm 5'8 150lbs and I really like how it fits. The material has some give so it's good around curves. It's not very thick material, but it has a little fleece feel on the inside, its very soft on the skin. I wear it with black toms and a leather jacket and it's a hit.


I always get compliments at the office when I wear this form-fitting dress. It clings in all the right places without being inappropriate or unprofessional.


I love this dress. This is so pretty. I got many compliments. Fits perfect. Hugs every curve appropriately. I'm 5.3, 38D and 180lbs. I usually wear a large and I ordered this in a XL because I wanted a comfortable fit and I'm glad I did.


5`6, 136lbs. I ordered a small and it fit me perfect! I was worried the dress would be thin/see through but its almost a stretchy thin Terry cloth type material. I wore it in AZ on a 95 degree day and wasn't too hot but also not worried about my patterned underwear showing through. I got a ton of compliments!


Cute dress! Very thick material. Good quality but runs small!


The material was pretty good and i like all the color options but the sizing is too difficult to understand. I ordered a small/medium which I'm usually a small, but i thought xs/small would be too tight. the tag on the dress also says Small but its still way too big! it doesn't look very form fitting which is what the dress is supposed to be. I think i can shrink it, but not gonna bother trying to get it replaced.


I am a slender 5’9” and the large fits well, albeit a bit on the tighter/sexier side.  Will wear on a date, not to, say, church.


I love this brand and style - I have four of them! My only issue is that one of the mediums fits a bit tighter than the other two, so I went up to a Large on this most recent one I ordered to be safe. I can wear either size pretty easily because of the stretchiness of the fabric, which is great.


Perfect! I'm 5'8" and 6 months pregnant and this dress was perfect for my cousin's wedding!


Only gave it 4 stars as I ordered a medium. I always wear a small. The dress is really nice. Well made, material nicely on the thicker side. Just love it. Feels and looks great. Very comfortable. I would recommend this, but go up a size larger than what you usually wear


