I would give this dress 10 stars if I could. I just LOVED it. I  take a size 14 sometimes a 16 dress  5'10" tall 190 lbs.  I ordered the XXL, I don't like anything extremely tight, I buy for comfort.  It fits perfectly and it looks so nice on. I would say this dress would stretch to fit someone who wore a  size 18 dress too. Some people commented on the wide neckline. I was happy with that , I always do my hair and make up first then put on my dress last. The neckline fits over your head with ease. Certain bra straps may show; the flower prints are so busy that you could go bra less and it wouldn't even be noticeable. If you have a strapless bra you could wear that too. These dresses are not small Asian sizes, more like  American dress sizes.The cut of the dress is really flattering, small at the waist and it shows off your curves in such a nice way. I ordered 2 more in different colors.  I hope the designer will make them in other prints and patterns. I can't wait for spring and summer. One last thing, the dress says it is pink floral. The dress I received has a PALE PEACH background with bright pink flowers.


One of my Favs!!!!!! Floral,  form fitting and comfortable!! Perfect!


I got this dress because I needed some stretchier clothes for church during pregnancy. I'm 5'3" and normally 140 and wear a size 6/8. I got the large and it fit perfectly. Nice and stretchy but also thick material so it's not see through.


I purchased 5 toms ware dresses and loved them all .......except......my white and red dress had been cut from a midi to a mini length !!!!  it wasn't hemmed at all  it was cut with scissors!!  I would have had it hemmed but it was too short.  I don't have time to send it back, I will give it away.  I love the quality but i'm not sure about the personnel inspections!!!!!  obviously this was a return item and was not inspected correctly. I will, however order more from Toms Ware because i'm sure this doesn't happen very often. I am more upset that one of us women would cut a dress and then return it !!!! not a very good person !!! thank you ladies for your time.


I was a little skeptical when I ordered this dress, but I have to say when it came in and I tried it on I love the way it fits! I wore it out to dinner and receive so many compliments. When they say in the description that it shows off your curves, you can count on it. I am 5'1" and wear a size 5, this dress fits me like it was made for me. :-)


Great quality! thicker stretchy fabric. it looks great and is super comfortable. I am 5'6", 160lbs, size 8 in jeans, small tops, athletic build and the medium fit perfectly. The length is great and hits me a couple inches above the knee. I will definitely be buying more to wear to work.


The fabric is thick, soft and comfortable. I love the long length (covers the knee a bit for me). I ordered my regular size, medium, and it fits like a glove. If you want some wiggle room, maybe order one size up, but I enjoy how it hugs close to the body and shows off curves so I'm happy with the medium. Despite its close fit, the fabric is thick enough so panty lines don't show through (this factor alone gets 5 stars from me).


The dress has a nice material, like a thick tshirts type of fabric and it fits nice but too small. I usually wear size 14. Bought 2xl, still it was to tight for my taste. Maybe somebody else would have said it was ok but it showed my belly. I don't have too much but the dress made it worse. This dress is for someone that has a flawless body or somebody that does not care.


I had to return this dress because the color is not as I see it on my screen. It is not white, but off-white, kind of a light-sand color. The green is not hunter green or grass color, but more like aqua color. As a result, it doesn't look right on my skin tone at all (light color skin). I imagine it may look better or somebody, but on me it looks like PJ pattern. But the fabric is nice, feels good to touch. And the fit is good.


Love this dress. I usually wear size s and sometimes Xs. The s fit perfectly! The print is beautiful with vibrant colors. The white with peach flowers can be a tad see through depending on what you wear under. I also found that I can wear it as a shirt of different lengths if I just fold it over. The outside fabric is nice and smooth and there is a layer of fabric inside as well that's a little more coarse. It fits snug, but also has some give. Love it!


