This was very nice. I'm short at 5'3 and 165 pounds, XL fit fine, pass my knees. I wish I got a regular Lg but it's ok.


Not too pleased with this.  Based on other reviews I ordered 2 sizes up, still very snug.  Its too bad, it is very pretty.


The dress is super cute but ran I am bit small. I had to return it. Otherwise great quality for this price.


I am so amazed at how much I love this dress. After reading the reviews, I was convinced I had to try it. The fabric is comfortable and stretchy. It's thicker than I expected as well. I will be ordering more soon. ♡


Isn't quite the material I was expecting but I still love it! I ordered the navy blue one and it is almost a black. However, it is still very cute and I love it a lot! The neckline is high enough to wear a long necklace or a short one, but still high enough to cover everything


Very beautiful dress. I am 5'5 155lbs and the large fit me perfectly. Length goes to me knees, perfect for all occasions. I got the royal blue with flowers and the pattern is beautiful, the fabric is also very soft. Very happy with the purchase!


Looooove this dress! Bought it to compare with a popular woman's clothing brand fitted dress that costs around $50! I like this one even better AND so much cheaper! Super flattering!


I had bought an XL because of the review but the dress turned out to be huge and I had to give it away so I did another purchase but a Large this time and it fitted really well the quality is good it has a lot of stretch the top area is a little loose but its not too bad I am 5.2 160 pounds measurements 41 35 44 .


This dress is fantastic! I've received a lot of compliments on it. I am 5'5 and almost 170lbs, 36DDD very curvy, this dress hugs in all the right places without being too tight. I ordered a Medium/Large and it fits perfectly. It is also very very comfortable, feels like a thick t-shirt material. It's light enough that it's very breezy and breathable, but thick enough to not be see-through. Stretchy material!!!


This is a very cute dress, definitely snug!


