My measurements are 40-35-42, I'm 5'7" and wear a 38dd. I bought the blue/grey print in a size xl and I LOVE IT. I probably could've gotten away with a l for a more snug, form fitting look. The dress ends just below my knees and while the sleeves are a smidge long for short sleeves, it's over all a lovely dress. I'm going to be ordering again!


I ordered the XL to ensure the dress was not too snug as I am wearing in an office environment.  I am 5'5, 164lbs, measurements 36x34x43.  XL size fit very nicely without being snug or tight and fell just below my knee.  The fabric is nice quality, soft to the touch and the colors were vibrant and matched the picture.  You can wear without a slip but I wear one out of habit.  I recommend washing inside out and hang dry to prevent color fade and any shrinking.  Very pleased with look and quality and am already looking at several other Tom's Ware dresses.


This is a lovely dress, the fabric (especially considering the great price!), is very nice quality. I deliberated between the small and the medium, and ended up ordering the small. I would be curious to see how the medium fits. This is definitely form fitting, so I might not prefer it on those certain days I'm feeling a little bloatish, but it is definitely, totally flattering. For reference, I'm 5'7, 120 lbs, and 34 B. It can be worn for dressy occasions or a funky night out on the town, depending on accessories, and even year round. Great purchase!


I am a really short person lol 5"1 and this dress is long but the good thing is, is it can and also will stay put higher up on your thighs. Overall I love the dress and I can't wait to do a vintage pin up with it.


I was not expecting much from this dress as inexpensive as it is, but wow! I received five compliments in one day when I wore it, and my husband could not keep his hands off me! Fits true to size. Floral pattern and shape seems to hide the tummy area. Best for cool weather IMO because the fabric is a bit too heavy for summer. Going to order this in more colors ASAP!


Oh. My. Word. I LOVE THIS DRESS. I gave birth just three months ago and was in need of something pretty that is feel good in and this it! I am 5 foot 4 and I weigh 155 pounds. I could see this material was stretchy so i ordered a small (im usually a medium). It is slightly snug in the boob area (I'm a D) but for wonderfully everywhere else.  I've purchased THREE of these dresses. I don't regret it. I will definitely be purchasing more from Tom's Ware in the future.


I love this dress. I ordered the Medium/Large and what came was a Large. A little surprised the sizes are individual when I was offered s/m or m/l because ordinarily I would have then ordered the medium. Thankfully I errors on the side of caution and got the M/L. The large fit perfectly. I'm 5'8 with a little baby bump, about 155 and it fit nicely.


I followed the review recommendations and ordered a size up. I’m 160 lbs, 5’7” for reference. I’m normally a medium and true to size. Definitely glad I ordered a large. It’s snug but does have a tight stretch to it. Nice and flattering dress. Will definitely use with some spanx in the days I’ve had a little too many carbs!


This dress is great! The shoulders feel a little boxy but it looks great on. It has a little stretch and covers lines of undershirts/ underwear better then  I expected! I would definitely buy more in different colors. I got the white and it's not see through. I'm 5' 5.5" and got a size  small, it comes down to my knees and doesn't ride up when walking.  I gave it 4 stars just because the shoulders felt weird at first,  I have a small frame though so this may have contributed.


Love this dress. It fits perfectly and I get compliments on it every time I wear it. I sized up according to the specifications, and I'm glad I did because it is definitely a "bodycon" dress sized one size up. And it's comfy without being frilly and dressy enough for work. LOVE it!


