For reference, I'm 5'9", ~145lb. Usually a size 6/8. I ordered this dress in a Medium. This dress is adorable! Love the print and the cut. The floral pattern dresses up the t-shirt dress style. The fabric is a little more sturdy than just a t-shirt. The reason it only gets 4/5 stars is because it's still pretty snug even after following reviews and sizing chart. It is stretchy, so if you like skin tight, that's what you should expect unless you order a couple sizes up. I can wear the medium, but I'd rather have ordered a large. If you have anything to hide, order at least a size up.


This dress is amazing. It's sexy without being too in your face. I wore it to a wedding and got a ton of compliments. I'm 5' 7" and weight about 140. My measurements are 36" 28" 36". I bought this dress in a medium in three different colors. The floral navy, floral pink, and floral black and white. They each fit different. I could have worn them all comfortably, but to me, the black had a more snug fit than the other two. Even if you're unsure, for this price, just try it out.


Had last minute event and needed an outfit. I thought about my recent purchase of this dress. I received so many compliments, glances, and smiles. Classy and comfortable. Plan on purchasing another one.


Everything about this dress is perfect. The material is thick so it's not see through but it breaths so it's not hot. The length was perfect and it wasn't too tight so it didn't ride up. I am 5'8" and 150 pounds and got a Medium/Large and it fits PERFECT. it is also very well made, not cheap at all but so reasonably priced. I will be purchasing another


Very nice simple well made dress! I am 5'4" 130lbs and I usually wear small. I ordered a small/medium (the tag says medium) because they were out of the XS/S in black (I'm assuming the tags will say small)


I think it is a little big around the waist, but really no biggie...Its nothing a nice belt can't fix :) I will be ordering more, but next time small.


Very pretty dress. The material doesn't feel cheap at all and it stays down instead of moving its way up. I do find the length a little long but I'm also 5 foot so on taller women you'll be fine. I got the small and it doesn't feel too tight at all but doesn't gap anywhere either. I love my other Tom Ware dress so if you're looking for something very slim fitting- this is a great dress to add to your wardrobe.


The dress fits as expected. I really love this dress it's a thicker material with stretch. I am really petite 4'11 and currently 28 weeks pregnant. Love the length and color. I would recommend this dress!


I bought this on prime day on a whim. I normally wear US size 5 or small. They were out of medium, and I was worried about it not fitting, so I bought a large. Good thing, too. I don't think I could squeeze into a medium.  I like the design, though.  It hits right at my knees and has sleeves.  It doesn't show any cleavage.  These are very hard to find in a dress now days. I do think I would prefer it to be a little looser below the waist, but that's just a preference.


I'm in LOVE with this dress! It's so much better than I expected! It's soft and stretchy. I'm usually a large so I went with the large/extra large and I like that it's form fitting but not restricting which makes it so much more comfortable. Also I am pleasantly surprised that I can dress it up with heels but that I can also wear flats or flip flops!


This is one amazing dress. Probably one of my favorite dresses at this point. I'm 5'3 and 130lbs and I bought a medium which fits live a glove. I get compliments every time I wear it and it's just gorgeous on. I bought one dress and loved it so much I had to buy more in different colors!


The only reason that it didn't get 5 starts is because it's already starting to pill a little and I've only washed it 4 or 5 times.


