I'm 5ft 3in 125 lbs , I ordered "x-small/small".  It fit tightly like I wanted. the material is not super stretchy so it was a little difficult to get in, even though the dress is as tight as I wanted. It's like a thick t-shirt material. I ordered the navy blue with roses and it was true to the color shown in the pictures. Very pretty, I want all the colors!!


I loved it. It fits perfect I'm 5.6" and 170 pounds. It's a good quality and very comfortable.


  I really don't like wearing dresses especially now that I have 20 pounds extra in my body after to have my baby so I took the risk because I had a meeting.


And I loved it definitely I would recommend it.


Beautiful, classy dress. Bought in green floral and red and white floral. I'm slim build, 5'7 128 lbs. 34 D - 26- 36, Small fit great. Nice midi length, material is kind of thick and form fitting with a little stretch.


I am pleasantly surprised by this dress! For context, I am 5'8" 175 pounds and purchased the L/XL


The material is much thicker than expected so panny lines do not show and you don't need a faja!


It hits all the right curves and the color is vibrant and beautiful


It will be my go-to this summer!


It's very cute, but it does run small. I'm pregnant, so I got a much bigger size to accommodate that, but even so, it's pretty tight (I'm not too far along yet, so it shouldn't make that much of a difference). The fabric is soft, print is cute, and length is great. So as long as you size up, it'll be good.


Love the fit


This is a gorgeous spring dress, if you are in-between sizes, I'd size up. I normally wear a medium and this is a large. Very flattering. I plan to purchase more in different colors.


It's thicker cotton. I was hoping to wear it in the summer. For the price of it I think it should be less. The sizing was also an issue. It was alright around the hips and chest but the arm sleeves was too big.  I was planning to buy other colors but I don't know now. It's not as great as I thought it was.  I give it three stars because it is cotton and not polyester


This is a winner. I love this dress. It fits PERFECTLY, is nice material, the print is exactly what it is in the photo. The colors are nice, I feel so good in this dress. I wore it to a wedding, I wore it to a party, it hits at the knee and fits snugly enough to still be sexy. I will be ordering more colors/prints soon. This is going to be my new uniform.


As a thicker woman I am very self conscience when wearing something form fitting. I absolutely love this. It fit wonderfully and did not go too tight over the curves I didn't want to show. It is a great staple item to have in your wardrobe. Very easy to wear to work or at a casual event. I love the longer length. You don't have to worry about it riding up.


