I am in love with this dress!!! I want to own it in every color! For the low price, it's much better quality than I expected! The fabric is thick enough to not show every detail of any pudge or cellulite. My measurements are 38-31-40 and I wear a medium or large at most US stores (meduim at JCP, Old Navy / large at Charlotte Russe etc). I've found that many clothing items on Amazon run small because they are from Asian companies but Tom's Ware is on par with most American companies. I ordered a medium and a large to be safe and technically, both fit. The medium was very fitted and was tight to my body everywhere. I'm not a particularly conservative dresser but I ended up going with the large because I didn't want the dress tight to my legs under my butt. It fits exactly as I wanted: tight, but not suctioned to my body. I wear it with a belt so the small bit of excess fabric at my waist gets pulled in to show my curves. A MAJOR plus is that the sleeves are long enough to not make pudgy arms look gigantic. There's nothing worse than putting on an attractive dress just to realize you look like a football player because the sleeves cut off at the widest part of your arm! It also fits nicely at the armpit, which can be an issue with tight dresses. The neckline is labeled as "sweetheart" but its actually a scoop neck. Because of the stretchy nature of the fabric, you can keep the neckline up or pull it down to show a little (or a lot of) cleavage. I'm 5'6" and the hem hits right at the center of my knee. If I wanted, I could easily stretch it up or down a little though. The only mild complaint I have is that with the large, the back of the dress is a little too wide so the shoulders slide out to show my bra straps if I don't use dress tape (double sided tape). It wasn't really a problem for me in the medium but if you have narrow shoulders, this might be an issue.


should have ordered up but i still like it


It's a beautiful dress, but sadly it's too small.  I ordered the XXL and it fits more like an XL.  It was super snug and I wouldn't have been able to walk.  The sizing chart listed the XXL as being size 18-20 and I ordered it anyway since it's better to be too big than too small and I could always take the dress in.  I usually wear size 14-16.  If you're going to order this, make sure you order a size or two up.


This is the best dress ever purchase on Amazon. The description was on point. I ordered a size L, I weight 150 lbs, chest 36, waist 36, hip 42. The fabric is very soft to the touch. It is not see through. I'm a slip wearer advocate, lol and I was able to wear it without one. The delivery was fast, 2 days. I will definitely buy more colors.  It's worth the price.


I'm 5'3", 150lb, and normally wear M-L usually L because I don't like super tight things. I went with a large for this dress and I LOVE it. The print is super cute, and the length (past the knee for me) is perfect. I'm also about 18 weeks pregnant and it shows off my belly, but it's not too tight. I do have to wear smoothing garments under it because it does show some lumps/bumps, but that's ok for a bodycon type dress like this. Love it.


This dress would be cute for a person body that doesn't need much shaping. Due to the material, this dress is made of, it was not a flattering look for me. In addition to the fit being somewhat to big, a smaller sized would have been worst. If you are thin and do not have bulges, it is a cute, affordable dress that you could pair up or down.


I was able to return with no problem.


Hello guys I'm 5'3 140 pounds ordered a medium very very quality material .great buy it's a must have!


I was so pleasantly surprised by the quality of this dress! I will be looking into more Tom's Ware, because everything about the dress fit perfectly. I am 5'3" 135 lbs, hourglass shape 36D and  28" waist and it fit like a glove! It was also supportive enough for me not to have to wear a bra if I don't feel like it. The length was about average for short women like me, so a little below the knee, but not bad at all! The design is good looking and it's made it through the wash a few times with no issue. I am super impressed with these!


I LOVE this dress! I'm a size 14/16, i bought the XL in green and it fits wonderfully!  hugs all my curves without looking too small, and the length is great. THANK YOU to everyone that posted pictures with their reviews, that really helped!


I am 5'9" and 145 lbs. I bought M in pink/beige color.  On the picture it is shown below the knees, for me it is above, and tighter than I expected. I still liked the dress and fabric, and wanted to exchange for L, but then I thought it will probably not going to be below the knees any way, and my boyfriend said this pattern reminds him of a couch :) so just sending back


