I was skeptical about order due to being in between a size large and XL.  After reading the reviews I went ahead and ordered a large. The dress arrived today. I tried it on and it fits perfect.


I'm 5"4 138 lbs and a small was just a touch too small for me. Love the print. Love the dress. I'm keeping it, and I can't wait to wear it!


I got a extra small/small I am 5'1 and 105 lbs. When I received it the label just said small. The dress was quite large around the shoulders so I had to pull it down more making the fit less attractive and further past my knees than was expected. Its a pretty dress but the sizing is a bit off. I'll wear it but it definitely wasn't a stunning fit.


I love this dress. Got it in a medium. It's a perfect office dress without the frump. I'm 5ft 115 lbs so this is a midi on me. Falls below my knees for that office look yet hugs my body in all the right places to be a good happy hour dress too. The material is not thin but I think it looks better with shapewear under.


I got the order pretty fast. Im a curvy girl 5'2 180 pounds...it hugs every curve in a good light. Looks very great on me however I should have got a sixe L instead of an XL because it goes below my knees. I dont matter though because its a throw on summer dress for the hot summer in FL. Over all I am in love with this dress, just ordered another in a diff color and in a size down. Dress is very stretchy and thick material..it will hug and hold them rolls up...lol. LOVE IT #BBW


Looked pretty online but too clingy when put on. Found it unflattering on me Personally. Wish the material was a bit thicker. I returned this.


This dress is so cute, and great quality  Medium fit perfectly (5'9" 150lbs)


Very cute love it but runs a little small I


Never had a medium snug on me to where it is hard to get off.


I love this dress, I believe this dress compliments any body type. True to size and I'm 5'6" and the length is perfect.  Also the colors are rich and beautiful. I plan to buy more.


This dress runs smaller then the others I've ordered, but I have to say I love the colors and really do like it.  If I had to buy again I would go a size up for sure!  Its pretty snug!


