So I bought this product during the amazon prime sale.. And boy! It was selling out quickly... I fell in love with the dress the moment I saw it.. I bought the coral blue one..  I am 5'3 134 lbs.. And bought the small/medium.. It fits perfectly and is completely body hugging.. The fabric is soft and comfortable and color as expected.. If I had bought medium/large..it would hv been a bit loose.. But over all.. I am super satisfied..


Are you on the fence about buying this dress? Are you ready to look hot and love this amazing print? Buy this dress. It makes you look like a winner. Print is even more amazing than in the picture- Another win from Tom's ware. Seriously, I'm curvy and sure, it looks best with a little spanx, BUT doesn't cling too horrible or make me look like a chubby post pregnancy cow without them... Like 99% of form fitting pencil skirt dresses do. If you're on the fence- buy it. Looks great with chucks too. For reference I'm a size 10/12 and got the XL.


I love the dress it's cute, not see through at all and I got the beige floral dress. One concern is that I ordered large/XLarge, and that was because that is how the sizing shows online but the dress I received says XLarge only. That might be an issue the seller might want to fix in order to get the perfect size. Not a concern cause it fits great but maybe a large would be a little more snug, which is the purpose of a body on dress! I typically wear a size 8-10 and large just about in everything, so I would say it's pretty true size even though I received a slightly bigger size.


Excuse the typical soldier background. I'm 5"5 162lbs Bust 36" Waist 28" Hips 43" I got the medium beige dress and it fits perfectly when I say it fits perfectly I mean it hugs you in all the right places. I haven't worn it anywhere yet I'm saving it for my trip to Italy with my hubbie he loves the dress too. The quality of the fabric is a lot better than I expected and it's very stretchy which is always a plus. I'll definitely be ordering this in the other colors


Va-va-voom! This dress makes me feel like a million bucks and for $20?!?! Even if it doesn't hold up for several washes (which is yet to be determined), it'll be worth every penny. It's classy and sexy at the same time! The fabric is thick and high quality and the colors of the print are vibrant. I ordered a medium and it's the perfect size for my 5'5", 125 lb frame. My hubs cannot stop looking at me, so two thumbs up! I will definitely be ordering another 1-2 in other colors/prints!


i am 5'1 120lbs I got xs/s and fits perfect! I love this dress.


Seriously impressed with this dress, especially for the price! I ordered two...the dark navy and the white. I am 5'6", 155lbs, and a DD up top. After reading reviews, I decided to size up from my normal medium to a large. The resulting fit was perfect! Still formfitting, but not second-skin like, and hit right above the knee. The material is soft and thin, but not see through (wouldn't necessarily wear black undies underneath the white, but no issues with nude or light colors in my experience). I love that these can be dressed up or down. I've worn them both with booties/heels for date nights, and with my white Vans while out running errands. Very versatile! I'm planning on getting a couple more.


The colors are just as vibrant in person as they are in the photos and the facing side of this garment has a good feel. The one drawback is the fabric is thick...like fall weather thickness. It has some stretch but not the stretch you'd find in leggings.


this dress is beautiful in person, and it fit great! You can also scrunch it up as a top and it looks just as good. I bought this dress as a dupe for Lularoe Julia and I love it!


only thing is when I purchased the dress it stated size as S/M and when it arrived it only said Medium. Doesn't matter to me since it fit true to size (med) but it might be important to someone else.


I love this dress. I was trying to find a cute dress for my baby shower in May and I didn't want to spend 30+ on a maternity dress that I would more than likely never wear again. I'm 5'4" and about 176 lbs and the large is a little tight, but I am pregnant so what was I expecting? The dress looks so much cuter in person than it did online. I'm glad the dress I got had mint flowers and not light blue like I had previously thought. It came in about 4 days earlier than it was expected which made me super happy. If the dress is too loose after I give birth I will definitely buy another!


