Dress is really nice. Fits well. I never order clothes online but gave this dress a try. I am 5'6" 180lbs, 33" waist and 40" hips. Based on other comments, I ordered a Large and I was expecting it to be tighter but it was still a little bit to big. Overall I like the dress. Good material. Sizing is always the risk you take when ordering online.


Overall good quality material. Really appreciate the thickness, while not being overly heavy and it has a comfy feel. The short sleeves were not too tight and there's no need for a slip, but you likely will want to use Spanx or other compression garment to smooth out curves. It arrived on time and was packaged well, though there was no receipt or printed documentation with the package (maybe that's typical for this vendor/purchase type but it's my first fashion purchase on Amazon so I'm not sure).


Main issues were size and color. I ordered 'xl/xxl' and received an 'xxl'. As such, it fits slightly large so I wonder if I should have ordered a size down. But bigger issue is color. Even though this dress is a floral design I selected solid 'black' because I like that it's a midi with sleeves. I double-checked by reselecting thumbnails several times that I could order it in solid 'black' and you can. Unfortunately what arrived was black with floral pattern. I went back on site today and apparently even if you select solid black, when you then select size it defaults to the 'black' that is in stock, which apparently was floral. I will definitely try to pay more attention to automatic option changes but it would be helpful for color-choice to better distinguish between 'black floral' and 'black solid'.


This dress is incredibly comfortable! The fabric is soft and the stretch is just right. Due to some health issues pressure in my abdomen becomes very painful- I no longer find pants comfortable- so I've been looking for nice multifunctional dresses to wear and this one wins! It's long enough I don't feel like I'm constantly tugging at it. It's soft enough to feel like it's higher quality than the price tag. It's been perfect for work, dinners, a wedding shower, and even Sunday errands. I typically wear a US medium and bought a medium/large and it's snug without being tight- I even have extra room in the arms which can be tough for me. I plan on ordering this dress in multiple colors!


I love this dress. I ordered it in the black/floral pattern and it is adorable! I am usually a size 6-8 and after reading reviews, I decided on the Large. Fits great! If you want it super skin tight, order true to size...if you want it fitted but not skin tight, order a size up. The material is thick and the dress hits at my knees (I am 5'8). Very happy with this purchase.


This dress is gorgeous, very well made and nice and light! I love the LLR julia, but the price tag for the quality is way too high for me. This is just like the julia BUT the fit is smaller. I'm a size 10 and can wear a medium in the julia if I want form fitting , a large for a comfy fit. I bought an XL in this dress and it was VERY fitted and would compare to the medium In the LLR julia - so size up! Otherwise, quality is much better and it's a must buy!


The dress is so beautiful and looks good on me! BUT be aware of the sizings: it runs small. I am 5'3'' and 160 lbs (usually wearing sizes 10-12 or L) - I ordered this dress in size XL and it fits good.


Adorable dress! Perfect for hard to fit sizes, like larger breasts with smaller waists or curvy figures. Stretchy but not clingy. Nice heavy weight fabric make this a great dress especially for the price.


The sizing on this was a bit odd, I ordered M/L & the tag on the dress just said L. It did fit like pretty much like what you would expect from M/L - a little looser than a medium, but not quite large. The material is nice & thick & the dress is long enough to wear to work (which is hard with long legs!).


The dress is really cute, and I love the print....just not on me. I ordered a 'medium/large,' but the tag on the dress just said 'large.' It was huge in the sleeves (they flared out), but was tight everywhere else. I wanted to wear this for my baby shower, I just don't think the print was flattering on me. I may try to order it again in a medium in a different print and see if it looks better. I will be returning this first one. I know this is not meant to be a maternity dress, but I've ordered similar styles that were flattering and fit much better.


I'm 8 months pregnant (5'5", 240lbs) and I love this dress. It's thicker so you don't have to wear a slip or anything underneath. It has plenty of stretch but it's a "tight" stretch (not an easy stretch like a cotton t or leggings), so you have to work a little to get it over the belly, but it's extremely comfortable once it's on.


