The dress was nice, but it was too big. I generally fit x small, but sometimes I fit small or medium depending on the material that the dress is made out of. This dress was too large on the shoulders and on the hips. So I had to return it. If you where a 4 to 6 this will probably fit you very will. Wish I had pictures to share, but I already returned the dress.


My measurements:


Bust: 34B / Waist: 25.5"/ Hips: 35 - 5'4" - 112 lbs.


This dress is true to size and form fitting. The length was also perfect for me. The roses design are also very lovely.


However, two things I did not like much: The sleeves are too big (see my pictures), and the background color is super beige. I get it, the color of this dress is labeled "Beige" but on the picture it looks less accentuated and more whitish beige.


Overall this is a very cute dress.


This dress runs small,  I had to return it. It was beautiful otherwise, I was hoping it was going to compare to the well known "Julia" in which I wear a large, so given the reviews I ordered an Xlg in this. It fit so very tight, making me look like an inch worm. I don't even think going up a size would be enough. Too bad, cute dress for smaller size women.


I'm 5'5 and 170 pounds. Seems like a lot but my weight is pretty evenly distributed. I was very skeptical about buying this dress but after reading and seeing all the reviews I decided to go for it. I am extremely happy I did! I ordered the beige and green dress because I wasn't sure which one I'd like best and I decided to keep them both! You can dress them up or down which is nice. It comes right to the knee, and is form fitting which is why I love it so much because like I said it can be dressed up or down and is modest but still very sexy because it shows your curves. Love love love and am so happy with my order!!


This dress has to be worn with spanx, and I was looking for something that I could wear casually. It shows off EVERY unflattering detail.


I purchased two of these dresses because of the similarity of the pattern to the coveted LLR Julia dress. I own several Julia's and I'm an xxs. So I ordered the XS/s in the toms wear dress. My thoughts- it's a beautiful dress. Nicely made. However, it was very tight on me. And the fabric is much thicker and heavier than the LLR dresses. I wore it in July,  95 degree heat, and I was HOT. It's a nice dress, but too tight for my liking and I think sizing up would be too big.


The women that posted to go up in a size, thank you. I'm normally a large because of my bust size. But after reading reviews about sizing, I decided to go with an XL and that was a wonderful choice. It shows my figure without being baggy, or too tight. It's like the dress just molded to the body. I'm so happy I made this purchase. I can't wait to wear it.


I am 5'3", 147lb, curvy. This dress is great, material is thick enough not to cling, it hugs curves beautifully without showing too much. After watching Mad Men TV show, I dreamed of nice feminine dress (minus corsets : ) and I found it here. The color is different then in picture, it's really light beige and roses are not "electric" like in the photo. I will be buying more from this line.


Runs somewhat small, but I love the floral print. This dress doesn't really have much stretch so just be aware of that. I ordered a small and it's really fitted on me. I probably could have used a medium but I'm typically a small to xsmall in all other brands.


I bought this on a black friday deal and I absolutely love it. It is so cute and has a perfect fit. Would buy again!


