This dress is amazing.  I got so many compliments. For the price it’s a huge deal.  I def adjusted and pulled down the front for some cleavage action.  You could also pull the dress upward to cover up the girls.  I’m 125lbs, 5’4 and have 34D cup.  I bought a medium.  The fabric is very stretchy.


This dress is gorgeous! The material is soft, thin but not see through. I am 5’3 weigh between 127 and 130 pounds, my measurements are 38,30,34.5 (34D) typically wear a medium in tops,  a 6 in jeans and I ordered a medium. It fit beautifully came just below my knee. I ordered white, black, and beigepink. I will update with a picture later!


I ordered this dress to wear on Mother's Day and I was very pleased with it. The material was very comfortable and it for true to size. I can't wait to order a couple more. The is the perfect dress to dress up with a blazer or cardigan; also to dress down with a jean jacket or to wear it alone.


This dress is AMAZING!! It was exactly what I wanted! I am 5'9 and weigh approximately 150lbs. I ordered a medium. It is form fitting but looks great:)


I received this dress as a gift. I love it! It's good quality, no fading, no shrinking. I have the coral and the flower... the flower one is a lot smaller and less forgiving than the solid color. The solid has a lot more strearch. This is a great dupe for a Julia from LLR.. size up. I'm heavy 215lb and 5'5 and normally I wear a 14-16 and L/XL... this dress is a XXL and tight but I've lost 70lbs and I'm still losing.


Gorgeous dress but way too small. I’m typically a medium and went with a large as I was expecting this to be similar to a Julia style dress from LuLaRoe. That being said, I’d hoped this would be a cheaper alternative but it just wasn’t flattering through the tummy/hips/booty. If you’re gonna give this a shot and you’re curvy, go up two sizes to be safe.


It has soft stretchy material and the print is very pretty. I like the cut of the sleeves and neckline. However, the material is very clingy and shows every lump and roll you have. For this reason I found it a bit too showy and will probably end up sending it back. Probably a nicer dress for smaller body types. I embrace my curves but I felt this just put too much attention on the parts I  am not as fond of. This is with Spanx and all... I am still debating on keeping it because it is super cute and certainly very sexy...


5'4" and 190 pounds, hourglass shape, and I ordered an XL. The reviews about this dress are true! This dress fits like a glove, but it's very flattering! The material is think and I didn't feel as though it were see through, but it did a damn good job showing off my lady lumps!


I was scared that it wouldn't fit right but it actually fits perfectly! I'm 5'0 and 180 pounds and ordered an xl . The material feels really good, not like that cheap itchy stuff . You really can't go wrong with this dress !


My wife loves this dress. It's definitely on the sexier side, and sticks to her body.


She's 5'3" and 160 lbs; usually a size 8 dress. I got her a medium and it is nice and snug. She says it is comfortable (aka she can breathe just fine) but tight to her body, for what that's worth.


