I loved the dress so much I bought it in two patterns! I always get compliments when I wear them. The material is thick and of good quality. The dress is comfortable and stretchy. And it washed well.


I loved this dress so much I bought another one! Ladies just do it! Get it, you won't be sorry! This dress will make your ass look good!!!!


I ordered this is both pink and the green (turquoise with floral print) in the same size, medium. The floral one is PERFECT and I received so many compliments on it for the color and fit. I absolutely love the floral! However, the solid pink one kind of looks like pajamas... Similar to a mumu that my grandmother would wear, honestly. So I would recommend going a size down on the solid colors and sticking to your regular size on a print!


I'm 5'7 and 150lbs and ordered a size M. Its just like wearing a T shirt! Very comfortable and it could easily be dressed up or down.


Very cute dress! I am 5'8" and 130 lbs and ordered a small. Great fit, a little tighter than I expected and not as stretchy as I thought. But I still love it and the fit. Colors are bright and pretty.


I usually wear a small but I went with a medium in case this was thin fabric. It is actually pretty thick so I could have probably gone with a small. Really impressed over all for the price. I have a Lulu Roe Julia dress and this is a better overall cut and way nicer fabric. Not to mention like half the price! I really liked this dress with a cardigan for my office. Very easy to wear and comfy too.


Love Love Love this dress!!!!! It is so flattering and form fitting. The sleeves are a great length and are very flattering on the arms. The pattern is gorgeous. It is Super comfortable! The length of the dress is really nice so when you sit down, it doesn't just travel all the way up your thighs. It stays all the way down to your knees when sitting. Totally got compliments on it the first day I wore it. It is really a beautiful dress! (=


Love this dress. I feel like Marilyn Monroe in it, even though I'm a brunette and not dead.


Warning: I'm five foot 2 and 109 pounds. I bought the medium or whatever size was below large. It hurt my pride and my 10 year old told me to keep it, I exchanged for a large. The medium just clung every where though not shockingly so. But I wanted to wear the dress everywhere and not feel like I was all T and A. The large still gives me that Marilyn feeling and is comfort supreme. One more thing - I do t know if anyone posted that shipping was a problem, but my dresses arrived within the week.


This is a beautiful dress..very comfy! It reminds me of a t-shirt in the way it feels...very soft. The colors are vibrant.  The only problem I have is that when I ordered it, the choices were medium-large, or large-extralarge. I guess I was vain. I know I need a large. I ordered a med-large. Wrong choice. The dress runs a wee bit small. So if you are a size 14, do yourself a favor and get the large-extra large. I WILL get down to  where I can wear this...until then, I'll let my daughter wear it. (Or I'll just order a larger size!) Its a great dress!


Bought this dress for the Essence Festival. Loved it!!! Sizing was perfect, material was comfortable! I'm a size 14 in women's and 44DD. I ordered this dress in a size Large


