This dress is awesome. A comfortable thicker stretchy material. No zipper (which I like)- it is stretchy enough to put on over head. I absolutely ADORE this print and the price is so right!! I own a similar one in white (not same brand though).


I ordered the Large/XL option. The tag says XL. I honestly could have maaaaybe gotten a size smaller, but this one is comfortable and pretty forgiving so even if I ordered another, I would probably go with the same size. I normally wear a large in most things so I would say this is fairly true to size. I would highly recommend this dress. So gorgeous!


For size reference- I am currently 5'2" - 175 lbs. currently wear a large in tops/12-14 in pants/12 in dresses. I know this will fit my normal weight of 160 just fine though as well.


I'm a size 16/18 and purchased the xxl. The dress was flattering, good material and kept its shape throughout the day. The material is a little thicker and warmer than I expected but still a good dress for the price.


[...]


Decided to take a chance on this based on other reviews and was not disappointed! Fabric is the weight of a heavy tshirt and hugs you tightly. I am 5'4 and weigh 115 and ordered the small. Would definitely recommend. Arrived in two days.


Medium fit nicely 5"5 166 lbs. hope that helps anyone debating about sizing


Very good, strong material. Im 5'6, 146lbs and got a XL which fit perfect the L would probably even fit. Its barely below my knees and shows a little clevage but its decent. It will however hug every curve, bump, or lump.


After reading reviews I bought a Large in this dress. It's perfect. I'm normally a size 6 or 8 in a dress. It all depends on the bust measurement for me. My bust measures 36 and this is so nice that I'm shocked. The material is stretchy and super soft, but with a good weight to it. I'm in love. This style is similar to a Lularoe Julia dress, but in my opinion it's a nicer fabric, and half the price. I wear a medium in the Julia.


I love this dress!  It fits wonderfully, fabric is comfy and awesome - came on time!  I really appreciated user pics they helped me determine the size.  I am a curvy juniors 13 / misses 14 I went with the XL/XXL size because everyone has advised the dress hugged and was body con; so for me, I thought my minimum risk was a little bit of wiggle room which I prefer because while I can tolerate sung, I can not tolerate when fabric pulls across my bust or my butt - that to me is unattractive; so this dress size helped me address  that exactly - I think if I had went LG / XL it would have been more body con and may have resulted in a little pull.  As it stands now I wore the dress for a wedding and now I am wearing it to work - and totally appropriate either way.  I am ordering 2 more possibly 3...I live in Chicago and will easily get 3 seasons of wear out of this dress for a while to come.


Great Dress. The XL fit my size 12/14 well based on the sizing. It was fitted without being tight. This dress is perfect alone as a party dress or add a blazer for a lunch with friends.


Wore this dress for Mothers Day! Absolutely loved it!


I love this dress! Its worth the money, i plan to order this dress in more colors. The materias is soft and not see thru at all, as long as it fits well. I ordered this dress when i was a bit smaller and it still fits its one of my favorite dresses i can dress it up and dress it down.


