This dress is wonderful! I am always skeptical of buying clothing online because of fit but this dress was a win. It's stretchy and very comfortable and you can't see any underwear lines because of the print. I purchased the green with floral print, I wouldn't call it green exactly more like a bluish green but very pretty. Great to find a dress that looks nice and is comfortable at such an awesome price.


Normally I wear a size medium, but based on the reviews I opted to go with the larger size.  Fits great.  Form fitting but not too tight.  Lovely pattern and very comfortable!  I loved it so much I bought another one in a different pattern.  It travels well too - I took it with me on a conference.


I ordered this in large...very flattering dress  and way cuter on vs the way it looks on a hanger !


 I am 5'5 and 150 pounds. I also ordered another color in extra-large and both of them work. Extremely comfortable too!


Love the fitting! Ht 5'8'', wt. 155 lbs. Got the Large was perfect! Received lots of compliments each time I wore it.


This is a beautiful dress that fit PERFECTLY! It was a little big but oh well! I have nothing bad to say at all... I already put in my second order in another color!


Wife loved the style and design, but fit was way too small. It's similar cut/style to her regular dresses. Ordered her the large and she normally wears medium or small in LuLu Roe and it was way too tight.


I'm not getting the next size up because that would offend her :D


I'm planning to wear this dress for my baby shower. I'm plus size(16) my bra cup is 42c and 37 weeks pregnant and I still fit. I was worried it would be small for my belly or too tight but it is perfect, I'm still planning to use it after I have my baby. the material is thick. I got the pink one with flowers.


I'm 5'5" 155 pounds, I bought this dress in XL and XXL , the XL was PERFECT!  The XXL might be wearable with a belt...the XL hits about 1.5 inches below the knee.


I love the way it fits in the shoulders (ordered medium and I have big shoulders) and the bust (34DD) - but it is very snug over the tummy and hips (I am very narrow there, was surprised how tight it gets).  The print is stunning, the fabric is soft - wish it stretched a little more - maybe after I wash it.  Very happy with it overall.


