I LOVE these dresses and need more. They fit great and the price is affordable. The fabric is a bit thicker and the patterns are fabulous.


This is a beautiful dress and it feels great on I’m sure it would look fantastic with a jacket.  I am 5 foot three and 160 pounds


I wore this dress to work and I absolutely love it. I got alot of compliments on it, was the right length for work Im tall so some dresses are too short for work. I just paired it with white pumps and very sheer nude hose. Will be ordering in other colors soon.


I can't say enough about this dress. I received so many compliments. The material is thick and it's so flattering. True to size and comfortable. The perfect amount of stretch! Going to buy more in other patterns and colors!


very nice dress that I wear on casual dress day at work and also out on other carefree days on the weekend. nice addition to my wardrobe


I really love Tom's Ware dresses...but this style was not what I expected. I'm pretty curvy in my bust and hips and this is more of a body hugging dress.  It fit fine, just not as comfortable as I thought I would be in it.  Pretty dress and nice colors.  I definitely recommend them, but this style is just not for me.


Flattering, comfortable dress. Not too short, I am able to wear it to office. I am 5'5, 125 lbs, a medium fits perfect. I'm relieved that it is not baggy around the waist. Bright colors, soft fabric. I highly recommend!


I normally wear a small but ordered a medium because I'm 27 weeks pregnant but I still wish I stuck with the small but it still works, just feels a little big.


I have already ordered this dress in other colors. This dress is so flattering. I'm 5 10" 130 lbs and I ordered in the size Medium. Wow, it's so cute. It hits right above my knee, perfect. The fabric is a bit heavy for summer but will be perfect for fall.


I usually wear a small r medium in high price clothes and get medium in cheaper lines. This dress couldn't even be tied on.  Loved the dress but am not sure a 3 x would fit.  returned.


