Heavy fabric. It is very form fitting. If I am bloated, you can see my belly ring. It is beautiful and professional otherwise. I really love it.


Great fit, just as pictured. Nice, high quality breathable material. I have always been self conscious of my arms but this is extremely flattering everywhere, especially around the arms. I love this dress! I just wish they offered other, non floral colors and patterns


This brand of dress is my new favorite hands down!


Thus is my second one and I will definitely be buying more and recommending this dress to my sister's and friends.


I will say I ordered a size up and it's perfect!!


My husband also likes these dresses the best.


Comfy, pretty and subtly sexy!


I ordered this is the floral with the blue background as well as the floral with the black background and I loved them both. I ordered a large and of course because of the size difference they came in a medium.  Perfect fit. I wear a medium but based on the size chart, ordered respectfully.  I am looking forward to ordering more.  I think these dresses are great for work, casual day out or night on the town if accessorized appropriately.  The only issue I had was the fact that they have the tendency to ride up through out the day but other than that they were perfect!! Definitely recommend ordering.


Love love love this dress! I got so many compliments wearing it! I bought 2 more in different colors. Looks very classy and sexy not cheap at all. Nice material and fits like a glove


Dress is ok....  fits very, very snug!  i am 5'7 and 130.  typically wear a small.  i ordered a medium and i felt a little uncomfortable.  The sleeves are kind of long and look funny.  I ended up returning the dress.  You can find something like this at Forever 21 for $10


While the fit is just a teensy bit small, it really is a beautiful dress. I love it. Buy it one size up if you don't like your arm pits feeling a little tight. You might be into that, though. I don't know you!


I get so many compliments when I wear this dress. I'm 5 ft tall so it comes below my knees, but it makes it more work appropriate. Buying more colors!!


Amazing dress for an amazing price. The fabric is soft and not thin at all.  The print is bright.  Better than I expected.  The fit is perfect.  I am 5' even and this midi style is perfect for me. This is a great summer work attire dress.  I will be buying more.


I ordered this dress for work. First off it came in way before the date that it said it would be in, and second I absolutely love this dress!! It is the perfect length, not too long or too short and is very comfortable. It is a stretchy material and very soft. I will buy more of these dresses!! I will definitely recommend this dress to anyone!! Love, love, love it!!


