This dress fit pretty snug, but with the right shapewear, it looked awesome on! I get so many compliments on this dress, and you can't beat the price! If you want a looser fit, I'd recommend going up a size. The material is pretty sturdy for the price as well. And the colors are gorgeous-exactly as pictured.


Love this dress! The material is sturdy, the hems don't curl after washing, and it fits great! I'm 5'11" and about 150lbs. The dress is form fitting and dips in to give me a nice waist, but isn't so form fitting that it is uncomfortable. The sleeves are nice, the neckline isn't too low, and it comes down to the bottom of my kneecaps. Looks great with boots and a cardigan, heels and a little belt, or just sandals. I now have it in grey and black. They both hold up well being washed and dried multiple times.


Even though I felt that it could've been tighter as I ordered a L/XL, I went according to the reviews and another dress that I had by that brand and sized up. Overall the dress is amazing, bold beautiful floral colors and the quality is top notch. It is a fantastic garment and I am glad that I purchased it. I received so many compliments and it looked so sexy and classy, as I wore it to dinner with my hubby and teenager daughter for Mother's Day.


Beautiful dress. I wore the floral one to my sons birthday party, and i looked like a cute mama! the sleeves were somewhat longer than expected, but overall, i liked it and it hugged my curves.


UPDATE:


I liked the floral one so much, I purchased the pink one in the same size. The pink one looked like a was wearing a night shirt. It looked like an oversized t-shirt that I would go to sleep in. I am not a fan of the pink one.


I love this dress, it is great quality definitely what I expected. I ordered my normal size and it fit great, does stretch. I would definitely order again!


Love it! Compliments my figure in all the right places! I'm 5'2", 110 lbs. Casually, I can wear it to work as is, or If I add some accessories like a necklace/earrings, it would be perfect for a more formal occasion! It's a must have dress for any woman who needs that perfect dress. I would definitely recommend it!


Comfortable and flattering. I am an athletic 5'5"-  curvy size 6 <150 and the Medium fit great. Pay attention to the size details in the description. The fabric is a nice stretchy cotton blend, opaque. Shows off a flat tummy and curves. If you have a little belly pouch it will show- I'd get the fit&flare style for the office or when I feel more bloated. I am always afraid "bodycon" will be cheap fabric but this was perfect- a great value. You can free it up or down. I will buy more of these!


I got it a couple of weeks ago and it is already a favorite! I am a plus size gal typically 1-2x and ordered the double xl and it fits great! it is a thicker fabric so I don't feel like any of my bumps are showing but it is thin enough to wear in hot weather(the last time I wore it the temp was 90 degrees). The pattern is very cute and the sleeves make me feel like I have enough coverage on my arm I don't need a cover up or cardigan (which is a pretty good find when you are a plus sized gal).I highly recommend it and may buy another one in a different color.


The fabric wasn't as soft or as comfortable as I thought. It's still very good for the price.


This dress looked excellent on me. I don't know why the solid colored dresses seem to be made of a different "less flattering" fabric, but I really liked this dress! For the price I was really surprised it fit nice and hugged my body in all the right places. Was the right mix of sexy and lady like. Did not show too much cleavage. Showed my tiny waist. Please start making the solid colored dresses in the same stretchy fabric!!!


