Wife is 5'1", 115 lbs. 34C chest and everything fit great. I like her wearing it. It is a flattering dress.


I LOVE this dress!!!  I am almost 8 months pregnant and it fits perfectly, bump and all.  I ordered the teal dress in L which fit perfectly and will suit me even after pregnancy.  This in XL to give myself a little extra room to grow into it, but will definitely be ordering more colors/designs in both L & XL.  I love the fit and get so many compliments in it.  I'm 5'9" and now 185 lbs.


I purchased the white dress with flowers and I love it! I ordered the L/XL and it fits perfect being 8 months pregnant. It is very form fitting and reaches just at my knees being 5'6. I'm very picky with dresses, don't like to feel to much material adding extra weight so this is perfect. Thanks to the other reviews for sizing and specifications. Excellent buy for my shower in a couple weeks :)


Great, great dress. Super feminine!  I ordered a medium and it fit almost perfectly. I had to exchange for a large due to bust size.  I can get it tailored in the waist if need be.


I loved the fit and flare dress so I ordered this one. Uncomfortably tight and revealing in the belly area. As comfortable as I am with my stomach, this would have required everyone else who saw me in it to get very comfortable with it, as well, belly button and all. I'm not sure if sizing up would have helped. I returned it.


this dress fits like a glove. Not too shear, but I would still wear nude undergarments underneath. Very good quality dress for $20. I am 5'9", and it is long enough. Other measurements: chest-36", waist-28", hips-40", and I ordered a M.


Very nice dress. It's form fitting. The sizing is a little confusing, so be sure to pay attention to what you're purchasing. Normally, the Asian measurements are smaller than U.S. measurements, but per the tag on the dress I have a US: small, EU: small and Asia M, yet per my order details I ordered the US medium...soooooo hmmmm, not sure if I was given the right size or not, but in any case I do like the dress so I'm keeping it.


I love the dress. length is good. Stretch is too... plan on wearing it to my friend's graduation party.


i wear a 12-14 in most dresses, the XL fit well, it accentuated my curves, fell about knee length, it is very comfortable. I am returning this dress because it also accentuated my belly curve too much! If you have a flatter midsection it will look great on you. Nice print too.


Love this dress! Super stretchy! Soft and flattering on someone like myself with a tummy. I wear 18/20 in clothing. Have a 51inch bust and the top is cut so it doesn't show to muych. Will be buying all of the colors and patterns I like.


