I was hoping the dress would be long enough to at least get to my knees but I am 5'9/178lbs so that was not the case. I like my dresses to be a little longer for comfort. Also, it does run a little small. I wish I would have gotten an XL. The fabric is durable but for hot summer days, it can be a little hot.


Lovely dress! Fits all my curves just right. Not too thin or see through I am 5'3" and it falls right below my knee. I will ordering a few of the solid colors and maybe some more floral :)


Very disappointed with dress!  I am a 5'5 118 pound bodybuilder with an hour glass shape. I ordered a S/M because I wanted a casual, not sexy dress. Dress fit skin tight and was not cut in a way to accentuate feminine curves. I returned the dress. Gave dress 3 stars not 2 because colors S/M as advertised.


The quality of the material is good, the fabric is thick, not thin. Normally I wear small. But I i ordered this in medium based upon other reviews. It fits well, not too tight. For reference I am 5.0ft, 120 lbs. I do need to have it shortened because I don't like hemlines below my knees.


I wear a size 16 and ordered the XXL in the black floral. It's form fitting but fits really well. Plus the pattern helps to camouflage some areas like my back and stomach if I decide not to use Spanx. The fabric is a thick, stretchy cotton, and it's much warmer than I expected. I will probably wear this more in the fall when it's not so hot outside.


I bought this dress when it was on sale.  I thought it was pretty with the flowers on it.  Put it on when it arrived, and it looked like it was spray painted onto my body.  I am an older woman, and I felt like this dress was just a little too provocative for me to wear.  I have the right size - this is just the way the dress fits.  It really clings.  So you had better like your body's shape and not be afraid to show it off.  It doesn't matter that it looks okay on my little body.... I am not comfortable wearing something so tight-fitting.  The women who like tight clothing would love these dresses.  Now that I look at this picture after receiving the dress, I can see that it DOES look like the dress.  You need to have a good body or a boatload of confidence to wear this dress and look good in it.  If you can pull it off, I'd buy one in every color.


I really like the print on this dress, but I was shocked at how small it fits.  I wear a 0/2 in most brands, and the S/M was too small.  It was snug around my waist and wrinkled.  I got it on Prime Day as a lightening deal, but I had to return it because I just wouldn't be comfortable wearing it.  Definitely order a size or two up!


I'm 5'1" 130 lbs.  ...is tight !  Comes to my knees, beautiful colors, washes well, (Always cold water), I bought a small.  Husband loves it !!  I wish I would have gone a size up...


I love these. If you're a large usually I think you'll fine this too small. I bought a large because I am busty but I am normally a small or medium. The large fits me well. Perfect to throw on for almost anything. Surprising for the price, really. I have one in almost every color.


Loved this dress! Wore it to a bridal shower. I'm about 5'6 and 144 lbs. I ordered a large due to it being so tight fitting and it fit nicely. It is a thicker material, but so comfortable.  Would buy again!


