Beautiful dress! It does run small. I am 5'4", 145 lbs, 40D bra size. I originally ordered a large and it was much to tight. I returned it and am now waiting to see how an extra large will fit!


Beautiful dress, the colors are vivid and the pattern is amazingly feminine but it runs 2 or 3 sizes to small, not meant for anyone above a size 10.


It's a pretty dress but definitely didn't work for my body style. I am 6 ft and this did wonders for exposing my love handles for the world. It was not flattering at all. I was also thinking that it may reach a little bit above my knee but it was way too short.


I never leave reviews, however, after receiving this and loving it so much I had to share. I combed through the reviews when I ordered to figure out my size because I've never ordered clothing online before. I'm 5'4" and 140 lbs and ordered the s/m. The fit is perfect, the colors are vibrant, and the material is nicely thick. I want to get one in every color now!


I really wanted to keep this cute dress, but it just wasn't right for me personally.  Was well-made and I would not discourage any other gals from trying it.  Most women seem very happy with this dress.


For the price, you can't beat this dress! The quality is far better than what I was expecting from clothing I ordered off this site- seriously ladies, get this dress. I usually wear an 8/10 and the M/L size fits nicely, especially in the booty area. This can be dressed up or down depending on accessories, and it's super comfortable.


I got this dress in black, and it was very flattering. As others have stated, it definitely "hugs your curves," so be prepared to be noticed. the fabric is thick, but not hot to wear, do it's great for all climates. The simple cut and quality nature of the dress also allow for incredible versatility. Dress it up or down with the right accessories for almost any occasion. My only wish would be for this to come in a petite length: at 5'3" and curvy, this hit me at about mid calf.


All in all, I'd definitely order again!


I love the tick cotton material. unfortunately the dress is a little big. not as form fitting as i expected. its actually baggy in some places. i shouldnt have bought a size up like some of the reviews said. i have yet to wear it.


I took a risk, I'm a man, a husband...... I wanted a sexy dress for my wife and I found this.  Man she looks good in this. Very professional but sexy, ladies.....It is more intriguing to guys if you don't have everything showing than if you do! Leave some to the imagination, it creates more desire ;) this dress does just that!


Love this dress fit perfect so comfy wore it for a baptism my measurements are 38 36 44  i will be buying from them again


