Ordered the black and 2 floral prints all in xl. The black fit perfectly and fell just below the knee. He floral print ones were both tight and too short (stopping about 2 inches above the knee). I am 5'8 and wear 16 tall pants and l/xl shirts. I would recommend that you purchase your size in the solid colors and order one size up in the floral prints.


This dress is gorgeous and I love how it looks. I'll just say that it does not fit the same way as other dresses have in the same sizes--it's just a little bit smaller. If you're in between sizes, I suggest going a size up from what you normally wear.


Still, I LOVE it and can't wait to wear it out on a date soon. Beautiful fabric!


LOVE the Dress!


Runs small.  I am 5'2 114lbs ordered Med. way tooo snug!


Would love to exchange for next size up.


Would love to find out how to without doing a return and rebuying!!


Anyone know how to do that?


I love this dress- I am a size 12/14 and this (XL) fits tight, but not too tight, very stretchy.  The colors are gorgeous and the material is thick and not cheap looking. I am 5"7 and it comes just above my knees. Fabulous dress- will be buying more.


I love love love this dress! I am 22 weeks pregnant and was looking for a flattering and comfortable body con dress, I'd tried on a couple that were maternity specific but because I'm short, they were all too long with way too much excess material from the ruching. This dress was perfect. I am 5'1" and currently weigh 150(138 pre pregnancy) and I ordered a medium, it is snug, but not too snug and I think it will most definitely accommodate my belly as it grows, at least most all of the way!


I am obsessed!  Bought this dress in light pink floral and it is way more beautiful in person than I was expecting. The pink base is very pale, almost vintage (so pretty) yet not see-through even though it's such a light color! I mean if you wore black underwear, you would see it, but I think it's probably common sense not to wear undies darker than your clothes. I am 5'7" and about 135 lbs and the medium fits me great! The length hits just above my knee. I should also mention that I have had two babies in the last three years and it still flatters my post-baby body. It's modest but still trendy and fun! Could be dressed up or down. Best of all, it's SUPER comfortable! I'll be getting more of these!!


I bought this dress for my birthday and i was NOT disappointed. It fit my 5'7" 130 pound frame perfectly!!!! I received so many compliments too! I'm not very curvy, but I'm a little busty (34D), but I'm mostly athletically built, and this dress made me look somewhat curvacious! It's amazing. I also love the fact that this dress is modest ( not low cut at all) and it comes down past my knees. I have long arms and legs, so this is kind of a big deal for me. The material is light and perfect for summer, or warm weather, although I'm sure it will be fine to wear even in cold weather.  I will definitely purchase another one in a different color! Perfect, perfect dress!


These dresses are amazing!! I ordered 2 and went back and ordered 2 more! They are much thicker fabric than expected. Length is good and size is good. I am 5'4'' 136lbs & 12 weeks pregnant and ordered a medium. I like my clothes to FIT so a medium worked perfect. Stretchy enough, but tight enough and it feels like I have room for a growing belly. Looooove them.


I ordered the small size. I'm 125 pounds and 5 foot 4. It's just a little tight. I bought to wear to work, but it's a little too conforming for that. Cute date night dress though. Nice material, soft, but not see through.


Well made and love the fabric. Pity it didn’t fit. I usually wear a large but decided to order extra large.....it was way too tight.  Will gift it to someone suitable.


