The dress looks much better ONLINE than it does in person.  Low quality material makes it feel more like a night gown than a dress. The colors are not as vibrant in person as they are in the picture.


I am 5'8", 35-29-41, and ordered a med/lg. Fit fine, but could have gone smaller. Got tons of compliments and was very comfortable in addition to great quality for the price. Will probably order in another color because the dress is so versatile.


Fits well I am 5'7 230 and I bought a xxl. It was just a little loose on the shoulder area but super comfortable dress! Great for date night or the office.


I just happened to find this dress surfing through Amazon. I hesitated buying it since I was not sure about material and fit. I purchased the medium although I usually wear a small (4-6). So if you are curvy and like to breathe you may want to go up a size. It really depends on body type. The medium was perfect for me!  It is pretty and very inexpensive. I typically wear designer clothing, but having said that I was really pleased with this cute dress.


I love this dress so much I'm actually thinking about buying one in a different color. I like my shape but a lot of body con dresses cling way to much and are usually made out of flimsy material.


This hugged my shape but it wasn't too tight either. The fabric has a nice thick feel to it.


For reference I'm about 5'4 and 125-130 pounds. It falls just at my knees.


ordered up a size and it's PERFECT! nice quality fabric


Super cute!  Fits as expected.  Will be ordering again. Read the other reviews, before guessing on sizes.  I am a busty size 14 and ordered the xl. Perfect, but now I want to know how a xxl fits. I have only washed it on delicate and hung it dry and it has kept shape without shrinking.  Holds you snug in the right places. Get yours asap. Definitely will buy again in other patterns.


Bought this for a friends wedding and thought it would be more fancy than what I got. Ordered a M as I am 160 lbs average build, 5'8 and wear 38C. Fits comfortable but you might need to wear maybe a body suit under to get rid of the snugness since this is supposed to be more tight and hug the body. Form fitting to say the least. Stick with what regular size you usually order or go a size down. I wear M/L. Small definitely would have been too tight.


I love this dress! The material is nice and thick doesn't show through. I will say the arms are a bit tight but I have large arms. I ordered a large and fits well except a little loose around my waist. I could have ordered a medium but I feel it would have been too tight on my arms.  For reference I'm 5'10" 36 in breast, 27in waist and 37 in hips.


I love this dress, it fits to knee length (im 5'3) and I was able to breast feed my son in it. The material is nice quality and it thick enough that you don't have to worry about it being see through.


