I love the pattern although the fabric is slightly see-through. I ordered the large (normally wear 10/12) and it's definitely a tighter fit too...thank goodness for shape wear. I got the beige with pink flowers. Hard to explain the material, maybe cotton with some stretching. Not my favorite dress but I like it.


I bought one size up which fits fine. I normally wear S or US 4-6. I bought similar items in Small and had to return.


The label says polyester, not rayon unlike the desciption. I bought it for the tropics which it would not be good for but makes for a nice work dress with a blazer.


Really like this!  Very cute!  Good price!  Good material.  Many compliments.  Figure hugging.  I am 5 3 in with 130 lbs.  Bought a small.  Med would have been great as now I cannot get a lb more in weight without altering my silhouette! Wanted to buy more prints but funds wont allow it,


I got this dress to wear to my baby shower. I'm 5'2" and before pregnancy wore a small or size 4. I ordered the Medium/Large and it fits like a dream. I'm 9 months pregnant and wear it anytime I need to dress up. It stretches perfectly and isn't see through at all! It hits at my knees and I love that the length of the sleeves which stop right above my elbow. Perfect!


probably wouldn't pay this much again for it but its a nice dress the colors are vibrant and it fits well. I like it pretty good I am wearing it today and I like it better than I did  the first time I wore it. its growing n me.. pretty true to size..


Fits like a glove. For reference, I am 5'2", 34F, 29" waist, 38 hips. Hugs in all the right places and shows off real curves. It's comfortable, and an absolutely beautiful color. I believe I will be ordering a couple of others in difference colors. Makes me feel ah-mazing.


I LOVE this dress. I just had a baby and was looking for an inexpensive dress with a little stretch but not skin tight. The fabric is just what I was looking for. It's a nice medium weight fabric and very flattering for my post baby body. It's long enough that I can wear it to work, and even though I've lost 15 pounds since buying it, i still looks great with a belt.


This dress is nice! I love the floral designs on it. I ordered a medium. I'm 5'10 & 137lbs. So it reaches down to my knees. I jst might order another one..:) Sidenote: it's not stretchy (it shouldve been). And it is fully cotton and not see-through. So that's good.


Oh my goodness. Im in love. I am 6 months pregnant and wanted a cute long form fitting dress and this is so flippin cute. Im usually a 0 or 2 depending on the brand and this fits perfectly. its tight on my belly but that is to be expected. I am 5'8" and got the xs/s size. I think it would fit even better if i wasnt pregnant but its still really cute. I am going to buy at least two more. Its hard to find dresses that dont look skanky when youre tall but this is a great length.


Ladies, if you are debating on whether to get this or not, do it! I do not like to wear form fitting clothes because I have had 2 children and my body isn't the snap back type. I purchased one of those Spanx type under garment from Marshall's for 6 bucks to wear underneath this. I'm glad I did. I felt sexy and got a lot of compliments. 5'6 180 lbs got a XL


