Love it!!!  Cute and soft.  I wouldn't change a thing.  The fit is perfect- I am 5'5'', 115 and the small is just right.  This can be casual with flats, or dress it up with heels.  I wish it came in solid colors and I'd buy two more!


I love this dress! Looks super cute on!! I wish it was a tad softer but overall I'm so happy. I'm 5'6 and a size 11/12, I got a XL and it's snug but perfect.


I ordered a size Large (medium) and it fits great, I'm 5'9", 145 lbs and it's a little looser than I expected. It's not a bodycon dress, which is just fine with me, it looks classy this way. I wore it one day and got 5 compliments from different people. It's beautiful, well made and makes me feel pretty. :) I'll be wearing this to work, to church, to weddings.... and probably will be getting more in different colors.


It's about two sizes too small, even when following the size ordering instructions provided.


I adore this dress! The fit and colors are as expected. I have since ordered the green floral and a plain black one! I may slowly acquire one in every color! I am 5'4, 202 lbs, curvy. I ordered the 2xl and love the way this fits. It hugs in all the right places and stops just above my knee caps. I really like that the neckline is fairly modest. A lot of bodycon style dresses are very low cut.


I really like this dress. I was worried the fabric would be cheap since it was such a good value. That is not the case...it's thicker than expected and is really good quality. It's just long enough. I mean looking to buy other colors.


I'm 5'5", weight is 115. I bought this dress originally in a medium and returned it for a large and it was still form fitted. I have the black in a medium and it fits great. Love the dress, nice and thick, great quality.


It was a little snug so I would suggest to get a size up unless you like it that way. I bought a similar dress through another vendor and this one fit a little bit tighter but i loved the brought color and packaging it came in.


I bought this dress to wear at my baby shower (7 months pregnant). It's super cute and very stretchy! The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the arms were big and baggy. I had to get them altered to fit better, which made me spend more to get this dress to fit. Other than that, great dress!


Yep. There is a good reason why there are so any reviews for this one. Fits like a glove!! Good material. I normally wear a size 8 in a dress. I got the small medium after reading the reviews. The color was a little different than the picture shows (for the light blue) it's more green. But I actually like it better! Total babe dress!


