This dress is sooo pretty!  The material is nice and thick so it helps to hide any lumps or bumps.  If you're wanting it to fit a bit looser, I would recommend sizing up.  The dress is very form fitting with a reasonable amount of stretch.  I received many compliments and am eager to buy another pattern soon.  I'm a street size 8-10, but have thick thighs and a bigger backside, but the length was still good and didn't ride up at all.  I decided to pair it with a chambray top to make I a bit more appropriate.


Really cute dress that can be dressed up or down. The fabric feels nice and hugs the curves. So, if you do not like form fitting dresses, you may not like this one.. unless you go up a size or 2. I ordered this one in my regular size and it fit fine. I now own this dress in 2 patterns and 2 different sizes. For the price it is totally worth it.


I am 5'11, 150lbs with a slender frame and I wear a 36B bra. I typically wear Small/Mediums and any sizes ranging from 4-8 depending on the brand. Being that this was form fitting, I went with a medium. IT is GREAT. It hugged my body in all the right places. The fabric is thick but cool at the same time. The thicker fabric is awesome for body shaping. I was super concerned about this being see through. I ordered the light pink. I took the chance and I was shocked at this. You cannot see- through it all. I would think if I wore black underwear, you may be able to see it. but lighter colors you will have no problem with! I could have gotten away with a small, but I typically like looser fitting clothing. So even though this is super form fitting, I feel more comfortable in the medium! This dress falls just over my knees.


I have a LulaRoe dress in the Julia style and have tried on others. While LulaRoe offers a much softer material than this dress...I have noticed that their dresses tend to be see-through on lighter solid colors. For the price, I'd go with this option, hands down. It's the same exact style for WAY cheaper than the $45 Julia. Unless you want a specific pattern and/or are picky about the softer material, THIS IS THE SMARTER CHOICE. Save money ;)


I love this dress and I'm so glad I bought it!  It fits as expected. I bought a size medium. I am 5'6" and about 140 lbs. I always read reviews before I buy stuff online, especially clothes, so I thought I'd post this to reassure those who do the same.


I had to buy this dress twice. When I bought it the first time, I bought an XL because the size chart and other reviews led me to think that would be the best size but turns out a large was the perfect fit. The material is nice, comfortable, and falls perfectly on my body (which isn't the most fit since my kid, so that's saying something!). I had put the XL through a couple of hot washes and hot dries to try to shrink it, so I can attest to the color stayability (if that's even a word) and no shrinkage, at all! I will definitely be buying more dresses like this!


Excellent!!! Ordered a size M I'm 5'5" 145lb (size 4 in Express pants and 2 in Express Blazers) 32DD and measurement 36" 26" 40"


It is tight but in a nice way. I would get a large if you are my size and want more of a skimming the body look instead of tight to the body.


It isn't the best quality. But what are you expecting for $20?


So I purchased this twice.  Im 5'8, 134 athletic build and took the advice of other reviews and got the medium.  It was loose and had a lot of extra material,  which was fine,  but i wanted something a bit more form fitting.  Second time i got the small and it is tighter and doesn't have much loose material and the sleeves actually hugged my arms.  So for comfort,  go larger, but for 'sexy' and form fitting,  get the one your instinct tells you to get. The material is nice and thick,  not see through and very comfortable.


I need one in every color! So flattering and perfect with a 90's feel.


So the first time my husband saw me in this dress he said "Whoa."  I really like "whoa," I'm a big fan of "whoa."  It's really nice to have a few things in my closet other than my usual mommy-form (mom uniform) of baggy t-shirts and skinny jeans just to hear "whoa" every now and then ;)


So this dress does a nice job of being contouring without crossing the line into Saran wrap, which is great!  My only problem is that there are threads from the fabric weave in the inside of the dress that are already pulling up, I can only assume from the clasp on the top of the shoulder strap on my bra based on the location, which I checked, and it's completely smooth, so I can not account for any reason this would happen except that the fabric quality is not the greatest.  There is also an area where the thread used to sew the shoulder seem is already starting to pull up.


Given the price point of this dress, one could argue "what do you expect?" Well, as a person who used to be able to sew, I at least expect that the seams are finished off in such a way that they won't be coming loose in the first wear.  I would have rated it lower for these reasons, but the reaction from my hubby made me giddy enough to go easy on it, it's worth a few repairs to this dress to hear an occasional "whoa" every now and then.


I LOVE this dress! It is just PERFECT. I want all the colors now! It is so comfortable with great quality, it stretches, doesn't ride up while walking. Best of all, it's not see-through so you just throw it on with no worries! Amazing. Will be ordering more!


