It fits me like an glove. I am 5'1 weighing about 240 solid. this dress is Peerrrrrfect!!! I simply love it and plan on buying more.


Who has a sizing chart that has sizing stated as 8-10 and make the sizing somewhere around 11.  I am a size 8 and I ordered an L thinking the size would be ok, it was unbelievably large and totally inaccurate. Ended up looking like a sleepwear tee. It's a pity as the material and the print is good.


too small


Be careful with the sizing it says XL-XXL but i was expecting the XL and received an 2x its too large-- I was going to send it back since the neck part was a lil big but my husband like the way the dress was long and requested that i still wear it out. :)


It's a very pretty dress.  I love the style and fit, this is my second purchase I now have this dress in two colors.  The colors are as shown in the pictures. The fit is small, I took other reviews into account and ordered a size up. Very happy with my purchase.


It is a pretty dress and does go to just below my knees. It is a little see through though so make sure that you are wearing matching undergarments.


So glad I bought this dress. Super cute, fitted yet forgiving due to the cotton and pattern. It's a great material, just the right amount if stretching and thickness. Wore this as my birthday dress and was too gorgeous. I think I'll b buying another. I'm 5' 2.5" and about 150 with curves, bought a medium/large and was pleased. Used 2 day shipping because I was too excited to wear it. The tan and pink colors popped beautifully on my skin tone. I'd recommend this line of dresses.


Awesome quality (and I like high end, but took the chance on it).  I get compliments on the salmon color.  Comfortable to wear and not too thin fabric.  It's my second Tom's Ware dress.  I'm feeling this brand for comfy sexy basic one pieces!


What a prettt dress. I get tons of compliments with this number. Im 5'3 but I dont find the dress  to be too long. For the money- it's  a hit!


I ordered the bigger size because I am a pear shape and it fits just a little big on the top.  I plan on ordering another one just one size down.  Color is vibrant, I love it.


