I just received my dress. Too small! I'm 5'2" 115 lbs, size 2 - 4, ordered a small. It doesn't have much stretch, just sort of grabs on, hard to walk in it. Hate returns but I have no choice :(


Cute little dress I ordered Medium,


I should have ordered large this material will show all curves I am 5’3 right at 150 pounds I have a bit of a tummy and a bit of booty large would have been the best choice.


This dress is beautiful! I got the blue floral print in M. I am 5'5" 120 lbs and usually wear size XS/S or 2-4. Everyone recommended ordering a size up, which I did, and the dress fits with a bit of room in it. I think if I'd gotten it in the S it could possibly have just been a bit snug, but still looked really good for my body type. The sleeves are a bit loose on me but that isn't anything too bothersome, or that I can't fix easily myself. The material isn't as thick as I was expecting, which is good. It says to hand wash only and line dry, but I washed it in cold water with some darks and it came out just fine. I then put it into the dryer for 5 minutes and it was nearly dry, so I hung it up to finish in the air. I think with a few minutes more it may shrink up a small bit and fit perfectly.


Perfect fit; love the conservative length! I purchased another in black. The sleeves are a bit roomy (I have narrow shoulders) but that is typical for me. Beautiful color. A bit brighter than the picture, but I can live with that.


Very sexy body conscious dress. It will hug all of your curves so I recommend wearing a smoothing panty or shaper of some sort underneath (I wear Jockey slipshorts). I am a size 14 with an hourglass figure and the Large/XLarge fits perfectly in the floral pattern. I am 5'3 (but wear this with 4 inch heels) and the hem comes to my knee. This dress is perfect for day or evening and will keep you cool without all of your body parts hanging out. I love this so much I purchased in three of the floral colors!


As a side note, I also purchased the solid black in the same size but it is a little too big, particularly around the waist. It wasn't until after I received it that I noticed the fabrication is different than in the floral patterns. I'm going to belt it but if you decide on one of the solid colors I would recommend ordering a size smaller.


I love the dress, the fit is great, it's not see through at all, the material is on the thicker side, just over all a nice dress. My only problem is that, while it does fit below the knee as other reviews have said, it rides up to several inches above my knee when I walk. I would not have ordered had I known it was going to ride up so much.


Bought thress dresses in the same size. Most people say its comes big. Im 5'6 and have a 40 F chest with a 39 waist and a 47 inch hips. I asked questions on what size i should get they would tell me a x large. I ordered the biggest size and it fit me perfect with all my curves showing just right. Its very comfy where you thought you didn't have the dress. The dress is below the knee. It is a sturdy material that's thick NOT THIN. I'm glad i made this decision to listen to my gut and got the biggest size. No one will regret it. Also the style is very classy and the color mix in very well. I will be ordering 5 more by the way😀😀😀😀 that's how much i love this product!!!!!!


I really love this dress and am so sad I had to return. Very good thick stretchy fabric that's not see through. I'm 5'7, pear shaped and normally wear a size 14. I'm not busty at all. On me, the dress just hugged all the wrong places. Beautiful dress and I recommend it to others.


I ordered this dress in the navy. When I first put it on (in dim lighting) the dress looked black. Once I turned on a better light I could tell it was navy. It definitely looked navy in natural light. The dress is soft and seems to be good quality. It's thick (but not too thick), and with my boy shorts on I had no panty lines. I ordered it in a size small and medium and I'm keeping the medium. Here's why... I'm 5'4 and currently 106 lbs, but I'm also 15 weeks pregnant. I wear a 32A bra and usually wear a size 0-1 in pants. Due to my growing belly I can still fit my pants, but not buttoned. I can comfortably wear a size 4 buttoned though. Upon trying on the small I could tell it was going to be snug before I even got it pulled over my belly. It wasn't snug in the chest area, but it was snug in the belly and booty area (I don't have a large butt). The dress fit though and looked nice. I easily could have fit in it for a little while longer, but I knew I would outgrow it before the end of my pregnancy. I also knew that it would still fit fairly snug when I'm not pregnant since I'm not very big right now. I'm not certain if my belly will flatten back out after baby number three, so I was afraid I wouldn't be comfortable wearing it after baby was born. The medium also fit. It was easier to get over my head and honestly fit the same in the chest area (slightly loose, but overly loose). It was still fitted, but not snug. I easily have plenty of room to grow and I feel more confident that I will be comfortable wearing this size after baby. They both seemed to hit about the bottom of my knee. I only have two complaints. The dress could stand to be a bit tighter around the bottom. The arms could definitely stand to be tighter. I also wish that the arms were slightly longer. I feel like they are an odd length and with them being so loose I feel like it looks awkward. It's not a deal breaker, but I may try to have them taken in. These are the only reasons I'm giving it four stars instead of five.


This dress is absolutely beautiful! I am 5'1, 120 pounds and ordered the S/M. When I got it, the dress was ultimately a medium size, which was good because the small would have been too small. It fit perfectly! The color is spot on as well. I wish it was shrinkable material like cotton so I could let it shrink the tiniest bit, but that's fine. Overall, great purchase!


