Thick, stretchy, good length and classy looking. I got this to wear at my daughters 1st Holy Communion in May. (Got the beige with pink flowers) paired with a pair of nude pumps and I'm good to go!


Nice weight material, think it definitely could be dressed up or down, but too small. Simple design but looks nice. Will most likely exchange.


I am 5'3, currently 150 lbs and 9 months pregnant. I got the size M/L, but the tag on the dress says L.


These dresses are amazing! The fabric is not too heavy, yet thick enough to not be see through.


Length hits right at my knee, which is perfect.


A very beautiful, modest dress. Great price too!


Only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because the sleeves could be a little shorter and tighter.


Over all, one of my fav dresses!


I got a large and used it as a maternity dress. I was a size M(10) pre-pregnancy (142lbs) and currently 6 months, 5'4" & 158lbs.


Very cute dress, received lots of compliments. Only problem is if you are bloated and or have fat rolls, they will show! Nice quality fabric and being 5'7, it cuts right below the knee.


This dress is a beauty. It hits right at the knee and is figure hugging, so make sure you have your heavy-duty Spanx/slip ready. The colors are beautiful and you will just feel super sexy and beautiful in this dress. PS: I turned quite a few heads when I wore it! I have bought another one! :o)


PS: I have bought four dresses, so far! Love them!!


Looks cute hanging but material is thin and stretchy. If you have any cellulite it will show through the fabric. Its like wearing cheap leggings over your whole body.


I like the dress is just that I ordered a small, and this small ran big so it didn't fit me that well for my body type so every time my bra straps keep showing and so on but it's ok


had to send it back


Love the material and it hugs the body just right. The material is not thin or see-thru. Good quality cotton. Longer than expected , fits below the knees which is good if wearing with heels.


