I really like this dress. It's soft and comfortable. The material is thicker than anticipated, when must dressed of this price range are typically flimsy. This dress has not 'pilled,' on me yet after a couple wears. I'm 28 weeks pregnant and the large is comfortably snug, showing off my baby bump in a flattering way. I will be purchasing at lease one more dress like it from Tom's Wear to get me through the reminder of my pregnancy.


5 stars on the actual dress but 3 stars because its way too big. I ordered xl/xxl and tag says xxl. I went based off of my weight and it fits like a small moomoo. Im 5'7" 180 lbs and pregnant. I returned it and reordered a size m/l and it fits perfect with still a LITTLE stretch not much but its the fit i wanted.


I am 36 weeks pregnant and bought this for my baby shower. I LOVE it. It’s a bodycon so it fits snug obviously but not too tight!  The material is a nice thickness, so you can’t see through it...  I now weigh 170 and my pre pregnancy weight was 135. I was a size 3/5 before my belly took over lol! I’ve gained most of my weight in my stomach and some in my arms... But that’s about it. I ended up buying a large and I’m glad I did 🙂


I am 5'4 145 and the M/L fits perfectly! It is very fitting so if you don't want it to outline your body order a size up


Order up a size. I got the M/L size. It fits like a glove. Not too tight or loose. I am normally a size M/S in most things. 5'5" with C bust.


colors are true and quality is nice. It is about knee length so it is a great work dress.


I wanted to love this dress but it didn't work for me. I am 5ft 7in and weight 145. I have kids and a post-baby body. This was really clingy. I got both a large and xl and neither worked. They were too fitted to wear to work. The print was adorable.


Love, love, love this dress. Its comfortable, material is not cheap. Will buy again in another color.


Very pretty dress. Flattering and thick material. However was somewhat too big. I would suggest sizing down. I bought the black large-xl. I wear 14W, 38DDD, and xl to 1x tops and it is noticeable big especially in my waist. However I love it and am wearing it anyway


Love the colors, perfect for summer but this desss was a little tight, I have 2 other tom M dresses that are good fit but this one was a little tight and because of that it looked like a see through 😖


Great dress! I wore it at my baby shower and got lots of compliments. I normally wear a large but ordered an xl to fit my bump and it fit great. Only downside is the neck was a little big/low. And that maybe could have been avoided had I ordered a large which I think I still could have worn comfortably. Quality is great. It's not thick like you'd be hot in it just thick enough that it isn't sheer. Overall a great buy. I'd buy more prints in this after I have my baby.


