I love it. It is a thick material, has some stretch, and true to color (dnavy). I am 5’8”, 32d, 28” waist and 38” hips. I purchased a large to make sure it was too snug on my hips. I think it is the perfect amount snug, but not skin tight. If you want something to hug every curve, go with the medium. The large feels work appropriate but also nice enough to go out. It still gives me a body-con look without being self conscious. I also have broad shoulders and don’t feel like I’m about hulk out of it. Wish it had more patterns and colors- I’d buy them all.


I bought two of these based on positive reviews from other shoppers. I. Love. This. Dress! I have an hourglass figure and this shows off my better features while drawing attention away from my least favorite spots. This material is thick but not bulky - it's almost like your favorite sweatshirt got a stunning makeover. The colors are vibrant and held up well through a rough summer! I feel like this could be worn with leggings or tights in the colder weather, just because the material isn't flimsy or too thin. I have this dress in floral and in gray; I would love it in black and white as well.


OM Gosh I am So Rockin this dress!! It was advertised as being green and I was totally crossing my fingers that it would be the turquoise color that showed on my monitor, It Is!! Absolutely Gorgeous colors with peachy and soft yellow roses. Super flattering with my tan skin, faux or course, soft red roots and golden streaked beachy hair.  I ordered the sm/med, I am 5'6"s & around 120 lbs and can I say this fits me like a glove, lol??!! Super Sexy in a sorta sweet way.


Just like all the sisters said, the fabric feels great and is ultra comfy. I plan on wearing this dress to an outdoor wedding with my Sbicca vibe platform sandal's. A huge Merci to all the gals that prompted me to purchase, if you are considering this dress, Go For It, it makes you feel Amazing!!  Thanks Bunches for all the reviews,  Cheers,  Zoe


Love this dress!!! It is very flattering...hugs in all the right places! The material is comfortable and doesn’t stretch out quickly which I prefer! I got many compliments while wearing this dress, I felt so confident! I am 5’5 140 lbs and I ordered a size M.


You know when you see a beautifully decorated cupcake, you notice all the little details on it. That it fits into its cute paper liner perfectly. The way the perfect amount of frosting is perfectly whipped, and laying perfectly on top of a perfectly baked, moist and rich mixture of chocolate and eggs and flour.. and then you gingerly bite into this divine piece of heaven.. And it tastes as perfect as it looks? .. That's THIS DRESS.  *Perfect*


The thickness of the soft fabric is enough that it smooths and covers everything, yet light enough you aren't going to be sweating.The surging on the inside is of great quality. It's length hits just above my knee, and the length of the sleeves hit mid-bicep. I like how the sleeves stay in place, there's no bunching of the fabric under my arms so I don't have to fuss with it. There's a lot of stretch in the fabric, but it's worth noting that it doesn't become thin or see through as it stretches (yoga pants, anyone?).


Belted or not belted, with or without a cardigan, sandals or flats or converse or heels.. there's a lot of versatility in this perfectly priced dress.


For reference, I'm 5'6" about 165 pounds and I ordered the L/XL. I could have probably gotten away with ordering the Medium but they happened to be out of stock. I'll order this dress again, but will likely continue with the L/XL sizing. If it needs to ever be altered as I continue to lose weight, I can take it in myself.


Somewhat small but I like it too much !


Ewww, that's tight. It fits, but  there's no siting down or breathing or walking or gesturing or waving hi or turning or trampolining. I ordered a size L. I usually wear a 10 or 12. I'm curvy, but in proportion. This dress now hangs in my daughter's closet. She's 15, size 4, and will likely keep it there until she's either desperate for a dress to wear, or feels the need to purge and give it away. It's lovely as a print, but sadly, doesn't look good on a curvy chick.


This dress is insanely comfortable.  I am not a small girl, 5'3" and 200lbs, I usually wear a size 16 and decided to get the XXL after reading reviews.  It fits perfectly, not too snug at all.  I'm going to be buying this in more colors.  When I wear scrubs all day, it's so nice to throw this dress on and feel like a lady while also being super comfortable, and it's so easy.  Love this!


I'm a US size 10 and 5'6". (Typically a medium but sometimes large) reviews said to 'order up a size' so I ordered a Large. It fits and is a nice fabric with some 'give' (not thin) I will say that it is a figure hugging dress. I wanted it for an easy dress to wear to my office job. NOPE! Its more of a casual date dress.....only if I'm wearing my spanx! Haha! It arrived before promised date. Would order again!


Super cute dress! Great material! Much thicker material then i expected. Not see-through at all. Looks just like the picture. Beautiful colors!  I would order a.size or 2 up depending on your body type and size. Im a thick chic 5'6" 180lbs i ordered a 1x. Its form fitting but the next one i buy will be a 2x for s slightly losser fit so i wont have to keep adjusting it.and hopefully it will come a little past my knee like i wanted which rhis one is right aboventhe knee but still cute


