Fits like a huge, oversized tee shirt only tight on the hip area and clingy. Arms are very tee shirt style.


I couldn't wait to receive this dress. It looked really nice. Camouflage all my problem areas. From my waist down it fit to perfection. It was a bit loose in my chest and underarms. I would definitely buy again in a smaller size.


I had lost some weight so the dress is a bit loose but no worries will take it to my tailor  for some adjustments but it's really nice can't wait to wear it...


Received dress quickly and its fits perfectly. I' m 5'7"  and 135 lbs. The colors on this dress are vivid and beautiful, just like the picture. Received lots of compliments. Perfect dress to wear in the office. Will be purchasing again in different colors.


Pretty dress but does run small, or at least on me. I normally wear a medium but had to get a large/ex-large.


I sent back my first order and had to exchange it for the larger size. Return shipping was free and easy.


Overall I'm very happy and it still looks curvy.


I bought a M/L for patterned and S/M for this black one because it was MUCH bigger.


The fit is too tall/wide on my shoulders. I hope I can take it in.


I was disappointed that the color wasn't aqua blue like the picture, it was more a mint green. It also fits loosely at the waist.


The fabric this dress is made out of is fantastic. It's thick and stretchy at the same time. So comfortable and warmer than other dresses you'll find. It's a bit long for my liking (I'm 5'7) so I'll likely hem it but overall pleased with it!


I am 5'7" and weigh 130 lbs. I ordered two of these dresses. I ordered a print in the S/M and the solid in a S/M. The printed one fit perfect. Just below the knee. Very sexy dress but also classy. The solid black S/M was a little bigger than the printed one so I decided to send it back for an XS/S. They were very quick to refund me. Got the XS/S and it fits just like the S/M in the printed dress. Super happy about these dresses. You can dress them up or just go casual.


I am 5' 2"  37 bust 32 waist 42 hips. I ordered the med/large in the blue floral.  It fits beautifully. Below the knee and very soft fabric. The background color is more of a blue/green than a bright blue.


