It wasn't a bad dress but the neckline and length of the sleeves made me look broader than I really am


I am happily surprised by how much I like this dress! The material is thick enough and hugs my body in all the right places. I ordered an XL/XXL and it fit perfectly! I'm going to order it again in black. I definitely recommend buying if you're on the curvier side like me.


I bought the black with what seemed to be red roses, but they are actually orange. In my opinion black and orange flowers do not look good. Im 5'7 and weigh 155 and the large fit me ok. Im more into tight dresses so i wasnt to satisfied but im keeping it. I should have stuck with my original size and not go up one. so if you are into not too tight or not too loose get the large. Over all an ok dress.


Reviews said it runs small, so I ordered an extra large.  I'm 5'4" and 147 lbs.  It fits perfectly.  Every bit as nice as the LulaRoe Julia at less than half of the price!  Definitely would buy again!


Meh... I ordered my usual size and it fit a bit large for my taste.  With this type of stretchy material, I want a dress that hugs my curves nicely and doesn't hang loosely anywhere.  I thought the blue flower print might be cute for summer and it looked great on the dress when I received it, but it was a different story when I tried it on.  The print is really loud and not to my liking.  I sent this dress back and ordered one size smaller in the coral color and loved it!


Order a size larger this runs small. I did order larger and the fit was fine. I am 5'2" and wear a 14/16. I ordered the xxl


The colors were a little muted for my taste.


This dress is fine with curves but not for lumps. Would be fine with a slip or some spanx, I would even add a belt to give it some definition. Over the dress is just ok. Not amazing.


A little small. But I could lose some chub. I got lots of compliments at our meeting. Very light. Not too heavy. But sturdy.


sadly enough and even with the flowers the dress was still see through.  Material was ok, i didn't find the flowers as vibrant as the picture.  Dress was a little more casual then i had hoped. I returned it.


Update:: I recently purchased the solid Grey color dress and love it. The quality is great, I upgraded a star because of this.


Over all it's a great dress, the Navy is lighter than the image lead me to believe. I wouldn't have bought it if I saw it in person. The fit and material are great, will be purchasing different colors.


Very good material, comfortable and lots of spandex. I am 5'4" 119 lbd and I ordered the small size. Usually I am extra small, 0-2 size. So order the larger size.


