This dress fits me PERFECTLY! I am short/chubby (5'1 and 162 pounds) and ordered a large and it's just perfect! I definitely give this 5 stars. Plus, it's so comfortable to wear! If you are girly and like tight and floral dresses I definitely recommend buying this.


I am 5'3 3/4 and I weight 155. I am short and curvy and I bought both a M/L and a L/XL in this dress. I am surprised to say that both actually fit me well. The XL is slightly bigger but not baggy in any way and a little longer. Very comfortable and cute. Well made as well!


Perfect. And exactly how I was wanting it to fit! I am 32 weeks pregnant, 5'7 at 186 lbs. I wanted a form fitting dress and I bought a large& it fit perfectly!


The material is thick, not what I expected- which was nice! Was not see through at all. The neck line was a tad too large though and it lifted off of my neck some while still keeping the shape in the shoulders; made it look like there were shoulder pads in it lol. Overall though, great quality for the price and I'd recommend it to friends.


I want to buy more of these dresses. Fit was very comfortable, the material was awesome and colors were bright and beautiful. I used it for a wedding rehearsal dinner for my friends tropical destination wedding and it was great. And OMG... the price!!!! You will love this dress!


Bought a large. I'm 35 weeks pregnant and 137 lbs (5'5" tall). I gave it 4 stars only because the length is awkwardly long on me. I had to get 4.5" cut off, which cost me about as much as the dress. Go figure.


I love this dress!! I actually just ordered two more in different colors. Insanely flattering and after wearing and washing twice it still looks amazing.


So beautiful. Its so comfortable and I love the colors. I bought the Navy with the pink and baby blue flowers, but its more of a soft teal color then baby blue. Still very nice. I would buy this in other colors. its not a short dress so its great for work, too.


This brand runs big, I've purchased a skirt before and it was also a bit big. Material is thick and comfy. I'm XL and bought an XL-XXL and it's a bit too loose, but I'm a big girl so I definitely don't need it to be snug. I'd advise to go one size down if you're looking for a slim fit look.


The color and shape are very nice.  I ordered a size too small so am returning it.  It would look best on a very trim figure with no bulges.  The color is great.  The fabric is a bit too light weight for the style in my opinion.


