This dress is one of the most beautiful I have ever seen!! It is worth every penny. Im surprised I haven't seen more people wearing them while I am out and about. I bought this to wear to my baby shower/adoption party. At first I was thinking I should have ordered a size up but that is because I have a "pooch" I'm kind of self-conscious about. But then i realized how long the dress was on my 5 ft. 3 frame. The dress went down past my knees which i doubt was the intended style. Either way, this dress is impeccable, comfy and favorable for a curvy woman.


Dress is pretty ,very vibrant colors! Below the knee length  tight NOT too tight!!! Stretchy material and soft!!!!! Iam 5'1 and i weight 148! N very curvy not busty but i wear medium in everything in clothing i ordered a small/ medium n received a medium instead i dont know y tag says M and here it says s/m!!!! Anyways a S/M is actually a M on tags!! Anyways it fit good not skin tight breath able lose enough that it will go up if u have a fat butty !!or if u walking it rolls up!! So this medium fits a woman who is a size large - and a medium woman fits this dress in a small!!!! I love the dress but i rather buy it a small again in another color because as well the neck area is big and if ur not busty it will b baggy in the neck area!!! So plz take this in consideration the dress runs big!!!!!!


I bought the Black Floral. I don;t know if some of these dresses run small and some run big but mine was a little small.  I usually wear a 10, sometimes 12, which is considered a size Large.  I ordered this dress in Large, it fits but it is snug, like a pair of tights. It completely clings and hides nothing.  So it really depends on what you want in a dress. If you are looking for a tight dress that shows off all your curves, then order your regular size.  If you want it to be less snug so that you wont be self conscious of VPL, then order one size up.


Absolutely gorgeous dress. I'm 5'6" and 190lbs, 41-33-45 measurements (street size 12/14 american). This dress was tight, and just sexy as hell. It's tight enough to show off lines though, so be aware that you may need to wear something spanx like undearneath.


Great modestly priced, pull over... dress... below knew as promised great substantive pink color without being too bright or pale - what i wanted. Fabric is of decent weight / thickness... definitely not see through... great spandex content and fit. Opening the package was concerned about what i perceived as a too conservative of a neck line... trying the dress on I was pleased to discover a great fit through out... with an appropriate, personally preferred display of my decollette. I am tall, 36D-32-41 got the XL... would buy it again. It is the sort of garment grab, throw on... look and feel more dressed up than you may actually be. Purchased in summer...I can easily see this with a cardigan in another season.


This dress is gorgeous. It's thick, and hugs in all the right places. I am 5"6", 200 lbs, 45-35-46--not a small woman by any measure. I ordered the L/XL size and it really is a snug fit, but not uncomfortably snug. It wraps around where it should, gives a little slack where it should. I think my measurements were just about at the limit for this size, so I would recommend anyone larger than me get the next size up. I would also recommend that someone around my size get the next size up if you don't want this thing to hug you like white on rice. But I did, so I'm happy. I would say this was true to size.


I bought the floral green dress in XXL, I'm 5'6" and 220lbs. The dress fit perfectly on me. The quality of the fabric feels really soft. The colors are so pretty! I really like that it has sleeves, to cover my chunky arms and armpit. Lol. I'm thinking about buying more in other colors.


I bought the white dress with purple and blue flowers and I'm going to safely say this dress fits true to size! I typically wear a Large (5'2" 180lbs & curvy) but I bought an XL due to being 8.5 months pregnant  (200lbs now) the XL fits great on my basketball belly & is still long enough to touch the tops of my knees. It is a tad see-through but nothing some nude panties can't fix! Can't wait to pair it with a Jean jacket & rock it at my baby shower next weekend!


I liked the value for the price and it's a very feminine dress.  Boy is it form fitting--if you've got a tummy roll you might want to pass or diet and do sit ups.  You'd better also have some kind of line-free undergarments. I usually order size large, but thanks to the reviews I ordered extra extra large and still will need to flatten my belly more before I go outside with this dress on so untrained and ill-mannered kids don't come up and ask if I'm going to have a baby.


This dress exceeded my expectations. The material is actually a nice thick stretch and not see through or thin at all. It's got great lines - I am 5'1" and it hit me mid calf but due to the style of dress,  I can pull the middle up and over to tuck some of the length off when I want it at my knees. I have attached some pictures I took walking out the door for dinner so disregard the mess in the back.


