I absolutely LOVE this dress! I have it both in the dark blue floral and the white floral prints, and both are some of my favorite things to wear! They are so comfortable and flattering, and a nice thick fabric, but not constricting. I will say the dark colors are much more forgiving, and the lighter colors a little more hugging, but that goes for any clothing. Also, I'm 6 ft tall and this dress falls perfectly at the knee, but if I wanted it to be a little shorter for summer wear I can bunch it up a little and it looks almost like a ruched fabric. All in all, my favorite go to if I want to be comfortable and casually dressy.


I'm 5'6" and currently 5 and 1/2 months pregnant (140 lbs).  I ordered a M/L so I could wear it through my pregnancy.  The dress fits great in the body, though it's a little loose at the knees and at the arms (really loose at the arms).


My woman being her size in the size chart I order a dress for her that was too small. Let me explain the dress size chart is all wrong, A lady in a size small wont fit good in a size according to the chart,. but my girl says is don't order her actual size.. My woman is a 34,30,38 and the xs/small is well it will be tight but you have to go up a size and hope it doesn't look baggy in the wrong spots. I bought my gal a xs/small cause the chart said it would fit her but I was wrong it was tight getting on, and even though it did fit her she had a challenge getting it on and off. Go one size up I almost returned it but she decided to keep it cause the fabric is well made and didn't show any signs it would tear. I will order again on this assumption and hope the next product I get fits her a bit better.. The dress I ordered her looked sexy on her, was well worth the money spent cause she like the product.


Love It


I wanted to love this dress but it was too tight! I returned for a medium, and it fit much better but still pretty tight for what I expected! I'm 5'6", 135 currently and usually wear a small. The fabric was thick (which i liked) and definitely NOT see through. I ended up ordering the lighter green dress with flowers in a medium and its great. I've gotten many compliments and plan to order more as they become available!


First, the good: Everyone is right about the floral dresses being well-made out of super nice fabric. Feels and looks a lot more expensive than it was.


Sizing: I asked about what size to order -- I have a 44" bust and 48" hips -- and was told the XL/2X. This was accurate. It's fitted but not painted on, comfortable but not loose. I note that the sizing is more generous than the similar Slim Fit Midi Dress with 3/4 sleeves in solid colors. The stretch is firm and because of the pattern, even if it were snugger it wouldn't show panty lines or body bulges.


I would wear it on a casual restaurant date, or dress it up more to go to the ballet or symphony. I think it would make a lovely dress for family gatherings at the holidays.


But I'm going to send this particular dress back because of color issues. On my monitor it shows black with crimson and pinkish roses, but in person the floral has a distinct orange dominating and it's just too bright for me. I might exchange it for the Navy version and see if I like that better because otherwise it's a great dress.


This is supposed to be a tight fitting dress but there is no stretch at all... or no zipper. It happens to fit me just a tad too small but I guess it fits “right” because it’s aupposed to be tight . It’s super hard to get on tho, if it fits right. I’m not exaggerating, I have really never seen anything like it. There is zero stretch in this material. It looks like the pic tho, so I won’t give it the worst rating in stars.


If you're thinking of buying this as a maternity dress, do it! I was looking for something just like this, and really wanted something that wasn't maternity so I could wear it again not pregnant. It has plenty of stretch, is the softest material and is gorgeous. I received so many compliments on this dress that was less than $20! In this photo I'm 31 weeks pregnant and wearing a medium.


Beautiful dress! This is pretty true to size, it's form fitting, but not sausage casing tight. I probably would have liked it a little looser, but I could have gotten a size bigger if I had thought about it. The hem length is a little past my knees, and I'm 5'4". The pattern is lovely and vibrant. The fabric is on the thicker side, it's a little stretchy, and has been holding up just fine.


I bought the white/orange version of this dress to wear for my baby shower and I loved it! The dress is a little thicker material, so at first I was worried it wouldn't fit over my 32 week  baby bump. But it ended up fitting perfectly & was still long enough that it didn't show a ton of leg. My pre-pregnancy size probably would have been a Small, but I ordered a Medium since I gained most of my weight in my bump & boobs.I recommend this dress as an alternative to a maternity dress, but would say to size up for sure!


