I ordered the pink dress. I paired it with a belt. I ordered the s/m. I am 5'5 145 (ish) pounds with a pear shaped body, pair this with Spanx and a Victoria Secret push up super padded bra and you have yourself a sexy little dress. It wasn't too bad for a wedding either it came past my knees. The thing I hate about Spanx is you can see the lines under stuff like this. It's a good material (thick and stretchy -think cotton leotard) but I see in some pictures the line at my leg where the Spanx started riding up a little. Not a big deal but I knew it was there so my eyes go straight to that spot. A friend didn't notice til I pointed it out. To summarize I think you get what you pay for and this was a great find last minute.


Way Too Small!  I ordered this in coral in a size large.  It is sooooo tight, you can see EVERYTHING!  I am 5'4" and 135.  I think perhaps the coral, because it is a light, solid color, shows everything.  Perhaps the prints won't; I have a navy print on the way.


Super cute and comfortable. I like that I can wear it with white sneakers for a casual look or dress it up. Very nice material and not see through. I got a large to make sure it wasn't too tight but probably could have done with a medium (what I would usually buy). Even though I went with the large it doesn't look too loose. Thinking about buying another in a different color!


Wonderfully made!  Feeling towards skin is very nice, size is perfect, comfortable!  with nice blazer on top, one can wear different floral design to work looking very professional for its material is more than expected for the price under $20.


I went with a previous review, and got a size bigger. I usually wear a medium. I am 4'11  and weigh somewhere around 116-122 pounds of which is mostly fat. The dress fits, but it's a little big for my liking; the dress goes over my shoulder a little. I'm going to get the dress taken in a little, but over all I'm happy with my purchase


Beautiful colors. Runs small. Definitely buy a size or two larger than you usually do because this dress is more "bodycon" than I thought it would be. Even if you're very slim this dress will hug your curves, in a good way. Appropriate for work with a sweater. I love it and will probably buy in other colors.


This dress looked NOTHING like the photo. The size and style was right, but the colors were WAY off! I ordered the blue dress, and it came in a weird green color. Didn't even try it on, immediately put it in the box to be sent back.


I love this teal color dress. It is super comfortable and I received so many compliments on it. My only complaint is that the bust area is tight. The rest fits great but getting it over my head and pull it down is snug. I ordered a large and my measurements are 36 bust, 28 waist and 36.5 for hip. I will be getting another color.


Eh. This dress is made to be a tight fit, and it is. It really is. Aside from that, I actually like it. A lot, and will even order it again, just one size up. The length is perfect, even to wear alone, with no leggings, and I'm not a girl to wear short dresses. Having said that, if you prefer short dresses, you can easily pull this one up and make it shorter.


Rather snug fit, should have ordered 2 sizes up rather than just 1 but I have worn it to work. (I just wore a cardigan over it-I'm older and prefer my clothing a bit less form fitting.) Nice color and decent quality dress, comfortable fabric and well constructed


