It was exactly the picture but a little too big on me


Love it! Sexy and casual at the same time! Very slimming!


Awesome dress! It's stretchy and light, and the pattern is fun! After reading the reviews I (5'4, ~150 lbs) ordered a M/L and it fits really well!


It's a little more turquoise/sea green than the picture looks but still a nice color and I'm excited to wear it around!


There's not much more I can add to the previous reviews except that the bottom of the dress is less fitted than I expected. It flares out a little around my knees instead of fitting tighter like a a pencil skirt, but I'm not really bothered by it. Nice, knee length and modest dress that I don't have to add a ton of layers in order to wear out! Love it, so grateful that I ordered it! Cute with or without the belt :) I'm probably going to order more next time I'm looking for a nice casual dress and would recommend this dress to anyone without hesitation!


Beautiful. I love it.


love it


It's so cute!!


I love it!!!


Great


I was between sizes, the L/XL was too large, the M/L slightly too tight on my 40-41" hips, pre-pregnancy in this dress. I do have the bright blue one in a L that fits me wonderfully. I ordered an L/XL (tag says XL) for my 32 week pregnant body to wear with a blazer and heels for a wedding.  While the fabric last time was thick, appropriately stretchy, and vibrant, this was...not so much.  The dress was less than $20, and the fabric felt thin and was very clingy/static-y.  It felt as if it were worn and washed multiple times and just shipped out.  I'd also like to point out that the sizing is very confusing--you have Amazon's sizing chart, and then the description gives you a size, though I'm not sure what size I'm ordering from the drop down menu.  Please make this much easier to navigate!


I really wanted to love this dress and planned to get five of it. But that wasn't to be. I usually wear size S or 4 and have a curvy bottom. But the size S in this dress was way too tight in the hips, but good on top. So then I tried the size M, which was a bit looser on top - especially in the armholes. But around the hips it was still very tight and when I walk the dress rides up. I finally bought the dress in Large. It wound up being way too lose in the sleeves and there was fabric gathering on my back. But worst of all, the dress was still riding up on my hips. So its going back. The problem with this dress is that the fabric is a thick knit, like a sweatshirt, which offers very little stretch. And this dress needs stretch to fit nice.


Too large


