Gorgeous! Fits like a glove, comes to just at my knee.Made of a thicker cotton material so it is not see through. Beautiful bright coral color. I ordered a size large, I weight approx 180 lbs, 5'6", 38D.


Although the tag for US reads XS and as a S for Asia, I think it does fit accurately as a small.  I'm 5'5 and the skirt hit just at the knee which was perfect, but I found the sleeves to be too big...but maybe I just have skinny arms. (The sleeves weren't huge or anything, but not as fitted as I'd prefer to match the fit of the rest of the dress)  I liked it alot, but I was deciding between this style and the fit and flare tank style of the same floral pattern, and I'm keeping the other one instead.


I'm 5'6 1/2" and 180 pounds. I have a booty and an athletic build. If you want it tight then get a large/x-large, but if you don't want it to hug too much get a x-large/xx-large. It does run smaller and hugs my mid section post pregnancy body. A very nice dress fabric is thick and it comes just a little above the knee. A potential church dress but if it's tight leave it in the closet. No need to wear a dress where people will ask for some of your milkshake.


I wanted a dress with short sleeves.  Thought I found it, but I was disappointed. I ordered a XXL. The dress had a XL tag Inside the dress, but XXL tag hanging from the garment. It fitted too snugly for me.  I ordered the same dress in another color and that one fitted nicely (of course it had a XXL tag inside the dress)


Not for this body, it shows every lump and bulge, if you have a perfect body, go for it!  The fabric is nice and all, just didn't do the trick for me.


This is a stretchy fit dress and I cannot wait to wear it but....I need to drop a few pounds.  It will be unforgiving but a sweater or jacket may fix that.  The color is fantastic and it looks just like the picture.  Have not washed it yet.  So pretty.


I am about 5mths pregnant and ended up getting this dress in three different colors. I am normally a small pre pregnancy and the small even fit, but was a little more snug than I would like. I ordered these in mediums and they are very comfortable. The material is thick and nice quality as well.


This is a really nice dress.  The fit is snug so it hugs your curves without looking too tight.  The first time I wore it, my sister immediately asked me to order her one.  Now that's a compliment!


Purchased this as a birthday gift for my sister! She looked fabulous and absolutely glowed in this dress. I expected for the length to be mid thigh but it came down to her knees. This was not an issue and she enjoyed the item.


A little on the large side but still cute. A little disappointed that the dress fell so far below the knees but that was probably my mistake for not paying closer attention to the length.


