I'm 5'3" and 115 pounds.  I bought a US-Small (in the Navy floral) and US-Medium (in the teal/green floral) to compare. While the Small fits, my personal preference is to go up a size so it's not too tight.


I'm in love with this dress. I think I might wear it every day come summer. It has the comfort of a t-shirt and sweats but looks like a pretty dress.


  -Thick fabric (don't need a slip, floral pattern hides unwanted lines).


  -Color exactly as pictured (for both the green and navy floral)


  -Length comes to the bottom of my knee


Update: the company gave me a refund and I did get the correct size on subsequent purchase.  When the size is right, it is super cute.  A US-Small is the right size for a woman size 32C w/ a 29" waist, 120 lbs, 5'4.


*******************


I guess I should clarify a bit on the sizing.  I ordered a "US Small", what I received said Small on a hanging sales tag, but on the dress tag clearly indicates "US-XS".  The fit of this clearly one size smaller than I ordered dress was skin tight to the point of absurd, my husband likes it but I find it hard to breathe, and panty lines are definitely a concern with this tight of a dress.


I think if I had received an appropriate size, I would have had a much more positive experience with this dress.


Based on other folks comments, I was surprised by just how tight the XS was.  I had considered ordering the XS, but had decided against it because I tend not to prefer the second skin look, in my opinion, it's more forgiving to have a slightly looser fit.


I'm 5'4 & 120 lbs.  I saw another reviewer at only a couple inches taller & 150 lbs say the medium was too big.


The dress is somewhat stretchy, so I think people will have a bit of wiggle room either way, but in my opinion if you are questioning between 2 sizes, go for the larger.


Awesomeness


This dress is adorable! I usually wear an L in dresses (being 5'6 and 160lbs), but on the advice of other commenters, I purchased an XL so it wouldn't be too formfitting, as I like my clothes to be multifunctional (for work and play). I wore this to the office with a simple gold belt to add more interest and a pair of light brown booties, and I got so many compliments! I plan on wearing this to a wedding in a couple of weeks with a pair of fuchsia heels and dressing it up some more with jewelry. Great buy!


Update 7/12/2017


It's been almost 2 years since I've purchased this dress, and I still love it! I'm currently 8 months pregnant and have worn it throughout my pregnancy. It still fits perfectly and the material around the midsection accommodates my belly so well, people think it's a maternity dress. Miraculously, the length of the dress hasn't changed. It still hits me at the knees. That's a testament to the material and construction of the dress. Absolutely a fantastic buy!


Pretty dress, watch the sizes.  I ordered a small/ medium, am 5,9" 135 lbs fits great.


This dress is amazing! Especially for the price! The fabric was nice and thick, and felt quality. It wasn't see through other than I could faintly see the stripes on my bra, so I would recommend wearing a solid color bra or a nude color. It fit nice and snug but didn't feel uncomfortably tight. I ordered the L/XL and I am 5'6" and 185 lbs. I do have some rolls on my back area but the pattern on the dress was able to mostly conceal them. The length was perfect as well, going just to my knees. If I pulled down all the way it would go below my knees. With some walking it does ride up a bit, but not too much, I would say no more than above my knees. The neck/shoulder area is a good fit also. Some dresses sit more on the shoulders and expose the bra straps, this one did not. I didn't feel uncomfortable like I had to keep adjusting to cover my bra straps. It stayed in place and covered them all the way. The only thing I didn't like about this specific dress was the color. It is much more green in person. It is a pretty color, just not what I wanted. The picture looks like a blue/green/teal color. I am exchanging it for the navy blue color. Overall I am extremely happy with the dress and can't wait to get the navy blue one!


Update: this dress is amazing! I recieved so many compliments and inquiries on where I bought it.  Love this dress,  will be buying more colors/ styles for sure!


I bought this for my bridal shower in a couple weeks. I haven't worn it longer to try it on, BUT that being said I LOVE it!


The colors look exactly as pictured. Very flattering, I will however wear some spanks to help with the tummy area. Make sure to wear nude or white undergarments. It's a little see through with dark colors (I had a black bra on when I tried the dress on). I am 5'6, about 190lbs, and wear a size 38B bra.


Cute on. Unlike a purple dress I bought from them, this one is a little see-through. I'm a size 16 and the largest size they had was an x-large. So it's SNUG.


I bought the navy one in a Med. I am 5'5, 137lbs and have an hourglass figure. It fits very well. It is flattering and hits right above my knee. I bought a belt to help break up the dress and I feel it gives it even more of a vintage look. While I love the dress, I personally only found the navy selection to be my taste, otherwise I'd buy other colors. Definitely worth the money !


It looks pretty for casual occasions. I am 5'4'' and the dress covers my knees. But it moves up a little when I walk. In the picture I am wearing the size Small/Medium. Fabric is thick and elastic. It fits well except for my shoulders where it is slightly loose. Overall, a simple, cute dress for the summer.


