Great Dress, well made and beautiful print......BUT.....I'm 5'3", 110, and got a small....which ended up being WAY too tight.  (I bought according to most of the reviews I could find for people who were about my same size)  The problem is with the fabric that it's made with.  It's not super stretchy like a regular cotton/spandex mix.  If you're ordering, I'd size up, so that when you wash it, it fits perfect!  Even after wearing it for 3 hours, there was still very little give in the fabric.  The dress comes just below my knees and when I sit it comes just over my knees.  Perfectly modest and comfortable to wear.


I absolutely love this dress, I ordered it on the 5th an it arrived on the 7th early so I'm very pleased with that, I was kinda skeptical about getting it offline because I never bought clothes offline before scared it won't be the right look or size but with this I have lost that feeling, I tried it on soon as I got it an it fit beautifully, of course I have to get spanks because it is form fitting but that's fine, an it's a little long on my but maybe because I'm short but I can get it taken in if I wanted or honestly scrunch it up a little either way I am still happy with it, it's a little thick in material but comfortable, has great stretch an the colors an flower pattern are as vibrant as the photos, I'm wearing this on Easter an I will take pics and post. I will be getting more of these dresses, also I bought the xxl an it really is true to size, I'm like a 18/20 in pants so this size was perfect!!!


I love the colors on this dress. the only reason I took a star is because it fits a bit weird. its a little tight in the belly area and the sleeves are a little too lose for my liking. I don't think you can tell from the photos. but other than that its a good summer dress. I ordered a small and I am 5'4 and weigh 120lbs. the material looks like it might fade or get those little fuzzies after a wash or 2.  I haven't washed it yet but from previous experience I think it might. Other than that I love it, its a perfect summer dress and I might order another one.


Love love love this dress! I've recently gained weight and now I have a tummy. I don't look good in summer dresses, but was persuaded by other women's review of this dress. I purchased it and wore it on a cruise. The material is a little thick as noted in other reviews, but it was not too bad for 88 degrees in Chicago! For reference, I am 5'7", 210 lbs and have a 38 G (42 DDD) chest.


I really love this dress. It fits in all the right places


I bought this dress in a medium/large.  I am 5ft7, 32dd-27-40. This dress fit perfectly and I will be buying another one.  Hits right above the knee.  The fabric is thick and soft, so you do not need to worry about any panty lines or butt dimples showing! Really nice dress


5 stars for the colors, quality and perceived durability of the dresses (in terms of the fabric quality) but the fit is NOT true to size and runs a little small. I am 5'4, a little on the curvy+fluffy side and got the XL according to some reviewers who had the same body type as mine and said it was just right or too big. However, it was still too tight/too revealing for my liking so I'm returning them for the XXL which will most likely fit like an XL. I know it's all a matter of personal preference, but if you're wondering about these being true to size, they are not. If you like things tighter, get your normal size and you'll be happy. Other than that, these are beautiful, comfortable, can be dressed up or down, chic or casual and I can easily see them being my absolute favorites for the spring/summer!


I got this dress in an XL even though I normally would have gotten a M.  However, I am 6 months pregnant and got it for use as a maternity dress, but I can easily alter it after the baby is born to continue wearing it.  I'd recommend going up one size normally, and I only went up two because of my pregnancy.  It is very slightly too big on me, but it still looks really good and the baby will grow yet.  For reference, my pre-pregnancy measurements were 38" 27" 42", and I'm 5'7".  I'm not sure of my current measurements, but my bump is just starting to finally become noticeable.


As you can gather from my measurements, I have a pretty serious gym butt, and I have to buy clothes to fit it and my thighs more than anywhere else, but this dress is very generous in the hips luckily.  The dress hits just above my knee, and it doesn't ride up like many tight knit dresses do.  It also is roomier than expected in the sleeves, and I didn't like that at first, but it's very comfy, and I like that better now.  The dress is less stretchy than expected, but it's very thick material.  I got the dress with the lavender roses and light green and dark turquoise leaves on a white background, and I had worried that I would need to be selective with my undergarments, but that is not the case as it's very opaque!  Wore a navy blue and hot pink bra today under this dress in fact, and nothing showed.  Haha.


The instructions said to only handwash this dress, but it seems like a fine blend to machine wash and dry; so, I did.  I was hoping it would shrink just a little in the dryer since it's ever so slightly big on me, but it did not.  My only complaint is that this material seems like it may potentially pill a bit, but that can be shaved off too if it does.  I seriously love this dress, especially considering the price, and I want to buy another color now!


I love these dresses! They fit perfectly! I am 5'8" 160 lbs and got the large size.


I loved this dress. I wore it on my baby shower. I got a size medium. I was 31 weeks pregnant. I am 5 feet tall.  I was able to breath in the dress and it wasn't too tight. It was made of good material not see through at all. I loved that I got to show off my bump and be ver comfortable. I saw this outfit is true to size.


