Perfect dress to wear at my baby shower! Seeing that I'm 5'2'', I had to get it hemmed because it was way too long. The pattern made me feel slim and not too large (considering I was 8 1/2 months pregnant! The fabric is also thick enough to not have to wear any garments underneath.


I was 138 lbs at the time and fit into a size medium.


Love it.


This dress is what most would refer to as a "body con" dress. I ordered it in a size L and it was snug. I am 5 ft 6.5 inches and weigh 169. The dress came to the middle of my thighs. This dress WILL show any imperfections that you might have. I wore mine with SPANX underneath and still had to suck in my stomach (you know most of us women do this in most fitted dresses). I received many compliments on this dress.  This is my second order and I will order this dress again. If you have any questions please ask. I posted a picture that I have of me wearing the other color.


I weigh 120lbs, 5ft. Tall /body measurements is 34-26-36. The dress is medium size and below the knee length. The green color is more of seagreen & teal.


I originally bought this dress in Black in large. Fit great. Came a bit past my knees which I liked for work. Fit a little loose but not baggy. So then I turned around and bought a floral one in the same size - SKIN TIGHT, different length, different sleeves, etc. You wouldn't even know it was the same dress. The black I could wear a medium, the floral I need an XL. Buy this dress in a few sizes and return the others. Maybe then Tomsware will realize they should be consistent.


I'm obsessed with this dress & I now have it in 3 colors!


I'm 5ft9 & my measurements are 39in-33in-41in. The XL fits me nice & tight, but not too tight! I feel super confident & beautiful whenever I wear it in the black or blue. I also got it in the green (seafoam) & I have to say I'd steer away from the light colors if you have an apple shapped body! Overall I'm so happy with my purchase & wih they had it in more dark colors (like purple) so I could buy more!


Such a cute dress, fits me perfect, hugs in all the right places, super comfortable.  Only problem is when your walking around a lot the skirt does start to ride up.  I think from now on i will wear panty hose with it.


this dress is amazing. I'm about 155, 5'2.5", and I have a fupa but this dress fits great and makes me feel so confident. I bought a M/L


Fits better than I expected. It's slightly loose but it's still a great fitted dress. I'm 5'9 and 150 lbs and even though I'm getting chunky I feel amazing in this dress lol. It's the perfect length!!! I hate being uncomfortable in dresses these days because no one makes dresses past your butt cheeks anymore!!!! Us women with long legs need dresses with longer freakin skirts!!! Is recommend this to any tall curvy woman who has bee searching for a good fitted dress! I may just add a belt for a little extra something but the dress is great ^.^


