It’s nice. Just a lot tighter than I thought. I’m 5’5 and about 140lbs. I got a medium based off of some of the other customer reviews. I guess a large would have been better.


I got so many compliments!  I was concerned that it was going to be little too form fitting, but I think it was ok.  The material is very stretchy-- I was a little concerned it wouldn't fit right over my derriere/hips (still struggling losing excess baby weight), but the material was very forgiving!


I ordered one size up just in case :) love this dress :) I have to wear my shaper with it but that is because of my own shape. I have quite the tummy. The material is nice and thick. Although it is kinda warm if you intend in wearing it in a crowded environment like a club or house party. Love this dress :)


The fabric is super nice. The base color is a lot more tan than I expected. I thought it would be a light cream but it's definitely more tan. I love how it fits.


This dress was too small in my normal size.  I'm a 4-6 and normally wear a medium, but the medium was too small.  I'm guessing a large would have worked, but I won't reorder as I got it at a lightning deal price.  I will say that the dress was a nice thicker fabric; Not see-thru or thin at all.  I wish I would have ordered a size up!


Clings more than I expected, even though it is soft and stretchy to accommodate curves... will need aggressive shapers to wear this one, as it reveals every bra seam and panty line.


I bought two of these dresses as a casual spring/summer dress. I bought it in black and in a floral print. They were cheaply made and ran extremely small. I returned both and won't be ordering from this brand/manufacturer again. Horrible quality.


The length was really long and the neck was far too wide. I could wear it as an off the shoulder dress rather than a boat neck. I ended up returning it.


Absolutely love this dress! The color, pattern and fit are great! The length is perfect for me to wear to the office. I'm a full figured lady and it fit so great that I want to order different colors.


Can't wear until I lose weight, small, very form fitting.  Don't know where I will wear it!  Maybe on a vacation.  Not that great for me.


