I've always worn a size small in dresses (5'1, size 27 in jeans, 4/6 in dresses) and this dress fits perfectly. It has a great amount of stretch so it even was able to fit now while I'm 8 months pregnant since I've luckily only gained weight in my belly for the most part. This is my second Tom Ware dress, and they do not disappoint!


This is a great summer dress. It's fitted and the floral pattern helps disguise lumps and bumps for us thick chicks. Buy it!


I ordered a S/M in a solid and floral print,  and received a size medium for both dresses. They both fit tight around the hips but loose at the shoulders. I'm debating returning for the XS/S and hoping I receive a small as I know an xsmall would be much too tight. (In most dresses I'm an xsmall but this one seems to run small.) Material is thicker than expected, colors are bright. The pink is a bolder, brighter hue and not the soft baby pink I was looking for.


I’m 5’8” 175lbs and I ordered a Large (it was too tight and could barely get it over my shoulders and bust). Returned it and ordered an XL and it fits much nicer! The busy floral print hides some terrible lumps and bumps from numerous stomach surgeries.  The fabric is much thicker than I anticipated so I’m definitely pleased with my purchase overall!!!


I love it! Not sure where I'll wear it yet because it clings to my body as a bodycon so it's a no go for church but it's a little too flowery for the club at night. I ordered both the beige and navy. The material is nice and not too thin like other bodycons. It clings to my body beautifully and showcases my curves in a classy way. I am 5'6, 240 pounds with a small waist and big hips and thighs so I'm glad I went with my gut and got the XL. I suggest not underestimating yourself and taking your exact size or maybe a size up depending on how tight you like your fit. I may come back for other colors.


I absolutely love this dress! It is so beautiful! It's super soft material, bright vibrant colors and fits great. I feel very sexy in it and received a lot of compliments. You will not regret buying this!


It fits OK, hugs your curves and shows off your figure.  Cute print for sure.  Returned it though due to the length.  Was just a bit too long on me which is not flattering on me, despite hugging curves.  Maybe i should of just hemmed it, but thought it would be too tight looking on the legs then.


Very lovely. Bright orange flowers, not red. Good fit. Need larger size. 5'4, 38C, and 160. Ordered X-L fits snug. I ordered larger size for loser fit.


Wow! This dress is stunning!  Fits pretty snug, though, so it's truly a "bodycon" dress. Fabric is a great quality, and the colors of the beige/pink look expensive. Going to order another color now!  Definitely order up a size or two.


I LOVE this dress. The material is thicker than I expected and made of great quality. It hugs all the right places but is still forgiving where needed. I plan on getting more in different styles


