This dress is very flattering. I am 5'2" and 140 lbs. I received the large as a gift and it fits great. It loosens up a little after wearing it for several hours but not to where it looks too big, it looked great the whole time. I will be ordering other styles in the future.


I had purchased this item in a size extra large I wear dress size 14/16 and I'm 5 foot 10


 The dress was a tight fit, but was more like a size large.  the floral design was too much for my taste, plus the material was cotton and heavier than what I was expecting. This is more of a fall material dress then something you can wear in the summer


Bought this dress in the white red color (wanted the navy but they didn't have it in medium at the time). I'm 5'0 and currently 150lbs at 32 weeks pregnant -- pre-pregnancy weight 125-130. Figured the medium would be a good fit, but I found it uncomfortably tight. Luckily for me, the large was available in navy and fit beautifully! I'm probably not a good judge on the actual regular fit due to pregnancy, but the dress is so soft and the fabric is wonderfully stretchy! I feel great in this dress!


This dress is a much better quality than I expected.  I bought it in black.  The material is very thick and not see thru like almost all women's clothing is today.  Black clothing being see thru is always my biggest concern so I am so relieved at the solidness of this dress.  I haven't worn it out yet but it seems like it's thick enough to cover any underwear lines if that is a worry for you.  I bought a medium based on sizing and customer reviews.  It is snug but not too small.  If you like a slightly loser fit you could size up and it wouldn't look sloppy but I would say if you're looking for a dress of this cut you most likely want it to be tight fitting.  I love that it is cut below the knee and not insanely short.


I never do these review, but theses are exceptional dresses. I have even been telling friends about them As soon as they get other colors I will buy more. What I like most about the dress is it is easy. The material heavy enough not to show through. The dress is very flattering. You can go super causal or it can be dressed up. Really think the quality is exceptional. The price is super. I have ordered more (8) of these. I can wear them to work with heals or out for a day with flip flops. I have washed and then hung up to dry and it was perfect, did not need ironing and iron everything. I am 5'5 and weight 190. (it makes me look much thinner)


I bought this dress and another for my daughter to choose from for an upcoming shower. Normally my daughter wears a medium and after reading through comments I decided to order the large. Very glad I did because the large fits perfectly. She really loves the dress, the colors and the print. I was also very pleased with the quality of the material. I was afraid it might be too thin like so many other clothing I've purchased online but this has a decent thickness to the material so that it's not see through. It has stretch but not too much that it would stretch out and be baggy the longer it's worn. Very happy with this dress.


If you are a size 8 or 10 you need to order the XL.  I adore this dress.  I am 5' 5' and 150 lbs and I ordered the L/XL size.  Remember, these are likely made in china.  So  SIZE UP.  that said, if you order the floral prints, they hide any tummy flaws.  The dress is surprisingly well made and because I have broad shoulders and relatively narrow hips for my size, I love the way I look in this dress.  I always get compliments in the dress, which is a surprise, given my middle aged status.  I have the florals in three colors and I don't feel like a couch cushion from England. Pretty in Spring and Summer - put them away in the Fall.


I cannot wait to get this shipped in the right size! I ordered US M/L and it came labeled as a large. I am sending it back and getting a true medium. Even being a bit too big, I could tell how awesome it was going to look properly fitted. The flower print version actually looked good a little loose, but since I am returning the black one for a better fit I figured I'd just return both.


my fiance said it was very sexy [in black] and that the teal floral print one was gorgeous and classy!


for an idea of sizing, I am 5'2'' 137lbs; measurements are 36-29-41


This dress is so pretty! Fits so good! I am 5'4 170lbs and bought a large.


I ordered a US Medium, China LARGE which is too big. I actually wished i ordered a US SMALL this time because it would fit much more snug and sexy.  it is a little big so I am hoping it shrinks when I dry it. I am 5' 6" 150 lbs and this is a tad bit too big for me. Just wish it fit smaller because its much sexier that way


