I'm in love with the dress! I got the dark blue one with pink flowers. It's super cute and comfy! I got a lot of compliments and I've only worn it once. Just a note: if you are lds you will probably need to wear an undershirt like I did to cover your shoulders because it has a bit of a wide neck. Enjoy!! :)


I am in LOVE with this dress! I cannot wait to wear it. The material has a bit of a spandex feel which is great for us curvy girls. This is the type of dress all body types can wear. I would order every color if I had a reason to. If it's helpful to anyone I ordered a large I'm 5'9" bust 36 , waist 34, hip 44, 170lb.


My daughter is a teen brick house at 5'10 and 185 pounds. The dress was fitted but not tight and it came down close to the knee area. She wore it with a strappy heel and minimal jewelry to a summer funeral and looked great. As an almost. 40 year old adult, I'd probably wear it with a cardigan to work or church.


I recommend these dresses to everyone! They are so comfy! And I love that they fit well and I don't have to worry about tugging at my dress all day. The neckline and sleeves are comfy and cover what needs covered. The dress comes to the knee, so I can comfortably sit and move around and do what I need to do! I love that it's a nice dress, but I'm not sacrificing comfort or modesty!


I ordered a medium in this dress. I'm 5'5" 145lbs. Hips are 32 and chest 34D. I carry my weight in my hips/butt/thighs. I have kids so I do have a tummy. I was leery about ordering because I saw that the dress does hug curves. However, I'm more than pleased! It's form fitting but still manages to hide the pooch and be flattering.


This dress is so simple, sexy, and classy.  As a super curvy chick, it hugs all of my curves just right! I agree that ordering up 1 size is smart.  This will offer more versatility and wear ability.  I wore it to work with a nice shrug and belt.  And I would be comfortable wearing to attend church, a date, a wedding.  How you accessorize can dress it up or down.  I had the coral colored one.  Just ordered the light pink.  Such a comfy cute dress!


I LOVE this dress. Ordered a medium (I’m 5’4/ 125lbs) and was surprised that it was so body hugging (not tight, just very fitted). It is extremely flattering, shows off your curves, and comfortable- contemplating getting another!


I was kind of shocked by how much I liked this dress once I got it. I had ordered a size up just in case it was too small and it ended up fitting perfect. Sleeves are not cap sleeves and much longer than most dresses. The material is quality and thicker than I was expecting but really nice and also stretchy. Length hit me a few inches below the knee. Would highly recommend if you are looking for a nice dress that fits well and is a reasonable price.


I was worried that although the size chart listed the XL dress as the right size for my dimensions (38x30x40) that it would run small but decided to take the chance for the price. Fortunately the dress fits perfectly and for the price is a worth-while investment. It's easy to throw on, versatile and depending on your accessories, can be worn practically anywhere without being too revealing or uncomfortable. Love it!


This dress is perfect! I'm currently 30 weeks pregnant and this fits perfectly over my belly! I got it to wear for maternity pictures and to a wedding and I got so many compliments on it! Will be purchasing more in different colors!


