I'm 5'3 and 180 lbs with a 38 DD chest, I purchase this dress in XL.... I could have purchased it in a large but I didn't want it to tight.


Nice dress, I bought 3, two white background floral and the pink floral one.. the two white ones is 2" above knee and the pink is 1" pasted my knee.. I'm usually a medium but I have a large chest so I had to get a large.. 5"6 38DD


I also ordered the navy blue but it felt like a diff material.. felt more clingy.. this is a bodycon dress so expect it to be tight.


Beautiful spring dress! Purchased for Easter Sunday. It's very flattering, and length appropriate... even for the office. The dress runs a bit larger than what is recommended on the chart. I originally returned the XL because it was really baggy in the mid section and back area, so I returned it for a L. My measurements: Bust 42.5 (36DD) and my waist 36.5. I say order a size down because this dress is VERY giving... Super stretchy. But you won't be disappointed :)


It is totally work appropriate (the first coworker who saw me wants one too), and also super comfortable and still very sexy. It is the perfect item of clothing. I can wear it with a blazer and pumps to an important meeting, with fancy earrings and wedges out on a date, or with a denim jacket and sandals to the park. I intend to immediately order two more colors.


I have a proportionally small waist (29"), so the M/L I ordered is a tad loose in that area. My next purchase will be the S/M and I hope it still fits my hips (42"). It hits just below the knee, and I am 5' 6" tall.


This dress is so flattering! I have large hips and a small chest/rib cage (32, 30, 41), so it is usually tricky to find a tight-fitting dress that is flattering and doesn't flutter in the wind up top. The fabric is thick and holds everything in without showing any lumps or bumps. Fabric is vibrant and true to the photo. I've worn this dress into my 5th month of pregnancy and the stretch has remained comfortable and still flattering. :) Will be buying in every color!


Hello Ladies i'm going to leave good review so you will know what you getting.... first of all I order this dress in black and the pink flower one.....I received the pink flower one first it fit PERFECT material not to thick or thin the length was just above my knees i'm 225lbs 40DDD ordered a xl i'm slim in the waste and bottom heavy..if you like a tight fit that show off your curves then this will fit. Well the pink one will. Trying on the pink dress made me order the black one. The material on the black dress is thicker and the dress fit tighter it also is pass my knees the cut up top show my bra and the arms are tight. Not sure how this can be when it suppose to be the same dress same size. I am still planning on wearing both dresses and will up date with pictures when I do


.. not really complaining you take a gamble when you order from Amazon.


I ordered the medium, I am 5'6, 135 pounds, it is definitely tight but that is the fit I wanted.  The length is perfect, just to the knee so it's not gonna make you look like a hoochie mama.  The material is very lightweight but I always wear Spanx anyway.  I wore it to work with a blazer over it which makes it a little more modest... then without the jacket it will be perfect for a date or cocktail party.  The sleeves are just right on me, I think some complained they were loose but I don't have skinny upper arms so the fit is very good!  I may order it in another color.


I already knew to size UP in this, because it's similar to Lularoe's Julia Dress. . it's perfect! So pretty, 20 compliments today. Half the price of my Julia from Lularoe, and thicker, way better quality! Plus I have Prime so Free Shipping & 2 day delivery! I will get another if I can find one I like.


This dress is amazing. It is super soft and comfortable and NOT see through. I wore this to my baby shower and am half way through my third trimester. I bought an extra large to have the extra baby belly space.


Absolutely love this dress! It's perfect for work and cute enough to wear out for happy hour. The fabric is very soft and is a nice weight (not paper thin or so heavy you'd sweat in it). I'm 5'6, 130 lbs and 34DD. I ordered a medium. It's a comfortable lose on me - it looks fitted but I don't feel suffocated in a skin tight dress. Perfect combination for work! If you like your dresses very fitted though go down a size. The fabric is stretchy so you don't need to worry about it being too small. I will be buying this dress in at least two other additional colors!


