I love the dress. Super simple and classy.


I am 5’5”, 135lbs and the medium fit really well. I wish the bottom of the skirt sat just at or above the knee, but it’s just below the knee and isn’t as form fitting right at that spot. It’s a thicker fabric so the dark patterned dress I got doesn’t show a lot of lines, but I would suggest a waist cincher or spanx if you carry your weight in your stomach. And judging by the stretch of the fabric, this would make a great maternity dress.


I bought this for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding. Got several compliments. Looked great! Love the material (t-shirtish).


Bought it in small/medium and in the blackish/navy flower print. Love the style, very comfortable and I am picky about dresses.


I am short (5'2") and about 125 pounds and it fit great! Would recommend. It would probably fit anyone from about 100-130 or so pounds no problem, and people with varying heights.


Great brand.  Good quality material with a light amount of stretch, not too much.  This dress fits nicely, not glued on, but not loose.  So, it hides nothing shape\body conscious wise.  I normally wear a 34C, size 4 pant\dress, and am 5'7".  I ordered the Sm\Med from the drop down and when it arrived it says Medium.  Which was the right choice.  I could probably even wear the Large for a looser fit.  Print a nice shade as pictured.  I will order this brand again!


Another Tom's Ware winner! This is now my go-to dress brand when I have upcoming events because everything they make feels like it's been made for my body. I wear a size 10/12 and am VERY curvy but these dresses fit me like a glove every time. No bagginess in the waist (even those my bust and hips are much larger by comparison) and a snug, but not uncomfortable, fit everywhere else. The material of this one is stretchy but incredibly soft. I literally squealed as soon as I put it on and did a spin in the mirror. Now I'm looking for other prints/colors I like in my size. :)


Love the material. Most "bodycon" dresses are made of very thin material, which show off everything underneath. This one is made of a thicker material, along with a "mesh" liner. It actually provide's some support, which smooths the siloete. I followed the measurements, and it fit as expected. My measurements are 38, 30, 51, and i ordered the xlg. The colour is also quite beautiful. Will purchase again!


I bought this dress looking for something I could wear while pregnant without looking frumpy. I am 5'4", 165 lbs, 21 weeks pregnant, and the XL was perfect with room to grow. Fabric was super comfortable, and I could wear this all day. There is a little extra room at the shoulders, but nothing obvious, and I think I probably could have gone down to a L and it would still fit me. At my non pregnant weight of 160, I could probably do a M or L depending on how fitted I want it.


I read reviews used the size chart and got the perfect size. This dress is great! It's a think enough material that nothing is see through. It such a comfy dress, and I got tons of compliments on it. What a good deal!


I love this dress.  It fits well and hugs all my curves.  I purchased a large this time instead of a medium to have a little extra room and it still hugs my body without feeling too loose.  I'm a size 5/6 and I have purchased a medium in one color and a large in this color.  Both fit good.  I love pink and it's something about this one that absolutely compliments my skin tone!  Please buy this dress, you won't regret the purchase.  Also, it came super early in two days.  The material is excellent.  It does not look nor feel cheap.


This dress is a steal for $22. The maker of the dress understands a woman's body, understands the shape and curves of a woman. When you lay this dress out on your bed you will see that it is cut in an hourglass form. The proportions are very flattering. It fits correctly where it's suppose to and is likewise looser where it is suppose to. The dress has some stretch to it which is also wonderful. It's comfortable, flattering, and inexpensive!!! I received a ton of compliments and feel very feminine when wearing the dress. A great summer addition for sure.


