i love this. was a bit scared of the fit. but it fit great. the colour is pretty. the material is not thin and this just about touches my knee. i am 5.4. i weigh 134lbs.


A little too big but I should've ordered extra small


Complete gorgeousness!!


I was told it looks pricey so it's far from cheap looking it's comfortable but I just wish i gotten the extra small


My body is 25in. Waist.  36in. Bust I'm 102lbs and 5'4" I'll have to pin it in places but gorgeous dress


I purchased this dress to wear to a family event.  Super cute.  Great quality for the price.  Fits true to size.


I'm surprised how well this dress fits. Very flattering. You can see my underwear line quite clearly, but it's still becoming.


Love it. I'm 5'3 and 160 lbs and got a Large and it fits great!


I really liked this dress. I purchased an XXL at first because I figured it would run small. I am normally a size 14/XL. It was too big so had to return. Bought this one in XL Nice, thick material, fits close to the body, but doesn't cling. Very happy with it. Good buy.


Nice dress with a nice fit. The material is good...not to think. It's a nice party dress. I like it!


I absolutely loved this dress it's a thicker material and long enough to wear in a work setting. I ordered one in the green floral and one in black floral. If you want a slimmer look I'd recommend wearing shapeware underneath. 5'11 190


I love this dress! The beige seems a bit sheer, but worn with a nude-colored bra and form-fitting slip, it looks fantastic! I was able to wear it when I was pregnant, and it's stretchy and fits great postpartum as well. I am looking forward to purchasing more Tom's Ware dresses! Great price and quality.


This dress fits perfectly. The material is thick so you don't have to worry about seeing through it. It's comfortable and the pattern is beautiful. Exactly as pictured. I would suggest ordering a size up as it is very form fitting. It just depends on what you are comfortable with. I will be buying more colors/patterns.


