This dress is so comfortable! I love how easy to wear it is and goes to my knees which is so hard to find with my body type. I have large arms and a very big butt and it still fit great. The fabric is breathable but not thin.


Bought this as a maternity dress.  It's perfect!  It so flattering and stretches in all the right places, plus you really can't beat the price.  I'm in my 3rd trimester, 5'6" and currently about 165 pounds.  I bought the XL and it fits comfortably, though the shoulders are a little broad, but nothing too crazy.  The L would probably be a little too snug for my taste.  So much better than many dresses specifically made for maternity!  The green floral print is lovely and is my husband's favorite maternity outfit.


Definitely follow the sizing guidelines. I love this dress. Fits perfectly and there's so many ways to wear it! Wear it with white low top sneakers for a causal look, sandals or high heels. Add accessories to your taste.


Fabric pilled after the first wash. Unfortunately, this excluded it from being returned. fit as expected, but unfortunately the fabric was sort of weird and cheap- like a disposable hospital garment. I think the quality may very depending on the print, so buyer beware.


SO COMFORTABLE! Despite being "form fitting," this dress is so soft and comfy and breathable.  The colors are gorgeous.


I am approximately 5'2" and 120 lbs. Based on others' reviews and images, I decided to go with the xs/s. I love the way it looks and fits! It's a great material, nice and thick, doesn't feel cheap, and allows you to feel comfortable in a format fitting dress. I'm seriously considering buying another color!


Material & flowers look like in photo. The only problem I've to return is the neck cut is large for me. I'm very petite (4f10', 90 lbs & A cup), so the chest part is very large for me so I returned it. What a shame as I like the style & the fit.


It’s super comfortable. I’m 5’5 and 152lbs. I got the medium. It’s up to your preference it’s tight but I like that. A large probably would have been just as nice cuz the material is stretchy.


I'm 5'6" 125 pounds.  I ordered the size small- it fits perfectly not too tight but around the scoop neck area it seemed a little baggie and I am a 36C cup.  Otherwise I would've given it five stars  I wore a bra top tank top underneath it  just to cover up  everything


This dress is GREAT! It's very stretchy and soft. The materiel is thick enough you can't see through it and it works great as a maternity dress! I absolutely love it! Was worried about the size as I am 27 weeks pregnant. I am 5'3" and 135lbs and I chose a medium which fits perfectly! Would recommend this dress %100


