Finally got a chance to wear this dress and was pleasantly surprised. The material is actually quite soft, and it's thicker than I expected. Generally dresses like this, once they stretch onto your body, become thin and see-through -- I didn't have this issue at all with this dress. I'm 5'9" and this dress is definitely long enough and goes almost right to my knee, which is usually impossible for me to find. A great work dress. The pattern is cute, and in the first couple of washes the color hasn't faded at all. I find that pretty surprising giving the price range - I was expecting it to fall apart after one wear and have been pleasantly surprised. Quite comfortable. A good amount of stretch without it looking like you bought something that is too small. Pleasantly surprised with this purchase, and for the price would definitely recommend to other women (especially us tall girls) looking for a bit of a bargain on professional style clothes. Looked good with tights as well.


Very beautiful and flattering. I'm 5'2" and 140lbs. The medium fits me very well.


I'm a size 14/16 and 5'2. I ordered xl. It looks just as pictured. Not see through. It came below my knees. It fit very nice on me. It is stretchy and will accentuate your curves. The flowers are very pretty and vibrant. The sleeves came just above my elbows. I like how it's not seen straight up and down but is curved at the hips.  Really cute and sexy!!!


I did not purchase this dress through this account, so that is why it can't verify my purchase.


I purchased this in a size Large in Navy and absolutely LOVE it! I didn't really expect to like it as much as I do. The colors are so vibrant (pinks are very bright) and it fits like a dream. I'm a 34D, 39-30-37 (bust-waist-hip), around 152 lbs, and 5'3". The dress was fitted without being skin tight and offers just the right amount of cleavage, while still being appropriate enough for something like church. On me, the length fell around my knees, which I personally like. The material is nice and thick, which hides any slight bumps or panty lines, but that does have it's cons... I wore this to an outside wedding in the Texas heat and was very hot sitting out in the sun, so I wouldn't recommend wearing this unless you'll mainly be in air conditioning or it's at or below 75-80 degrees outside. It's definitely the type of material that holds in heat, which bums me out a bit since I was hoping to wear it out during the summer, but that's okay. It is the type of material that sheers out a bit as it stretches, so if you have a very large bust or other areas, be warned and think about sizing up or going with a lighter color. Even my pretty normal bust size caused the top area to stretch slightly and be a little lighter than the rest of the dress.


Overall, a great dress if you're looking for something comfortable that doesn't look as casual as it actually feels. Plus, it is super affordable! I plan on ordering more colors.


10/06/17 I saw this as a Lightning Deal and decided to buy although I do not need it...anyways. I recommend this dress. I got it for $14.xx and it is worth it. It would be worth it at $20.00 also. (I ball on a budget and I'm proud of it.) The fabric is nice (not at all cheap) and holds you in. The print is beautiful.  This is a great dress to put on and look nice.  I ordered a size large which fits me well and will fit better once I have the proper undergarment and lose the 10 pounds I gained.  I share the following because I want you to order the right size.  I am 5'9" and have wear a 36 G bra. I will not tell you how much I weigh. I have this dress in large.  I could wear the x-large also.


Order this dress.  It's a great price and you would pay much more in the mall.  If you want to look great for a great price you will not be disappointed.


I will post another review once I wear it with a proper undergarment and a wash it.


I weigh 180 ish my measurements are 38-32-48. I read the reviews usually I would get a medium because I wanted it to be fitting. But the way how people say its to small I went with the large. Its not small to me at all it is fitting but I wish I would have got the medium to make it a little more "pow!" Effect lol it does pass my knee which I love.  it's a nice dress. Thick material. And the seller is great I also ordered a different dress the midi hoodie one from them and it was on delay they sent me a emsil with anapology and to me that shows that they care about their customers.


This dress is fantastic!! It's a slightly thicker material and feels like a higher end dress. I got it in the black floral color. Usually I wear spanx with all of my dresses, but I feel like I don't have to with this one. Worth every penny!


I ordered this in both black and white - compliments all over the place. Hugs in the right places. Hides tummy issues or flabby arms. This is a magical dress. :)


The dress is nice and the design is pretty the only thing it is. It's baggy in certain areas. The arms should be tighter but instead they're lose and have extra material. The shape and cut is over all nice except the bottom should be way tighter and more fitted instead it just flares out and it almost ruins the whole look of the dress. It sucks because of what the dress is made of it's too risky taking out the stitching it and resewing it. I really wish those two things were tighter and better but most importantly the bottom. If that was fixed I'd get more because it is a cute flirty summer dress.


Love this dress! I'm 5'4, 120 pounds, 34DDD, I got a size small, perfect fit!!! Love the colors!!!


