My size is 41 chest, 37 waist, 43 hips, and 47 thighs. I like the style of the dress but for my measurements it was a bit to snug. Also the color was a bit off for me, it was more a blue/purple if that makes sense and not the blue in the pic. I ended up with one very similar and with a bit of sleeves and that one was wonderful for me.


This dress fits great.  I usually wear size 10-12 and ordered a large.  It is very classy and comfortable. Does not have a zipper so super easy to get into and machine washable - big plus.


Beautiful dress. Length is a little below knee, but I'm short (5ft1). Soft material, stretchable, but not see-though. Pictures truly reflect the dress. I'm very happy with the purchase.


This dress was exactly what I expected. I wear a size 12, I am 5'10" and got a large. It was very flattering and form fitting. I loved it and felt really comfortable in it all night long! Underneath I wore a black bralette and you could barely see the straps.


I was surprised at how nicely this dress fit. I'm 5'7 and 165lbs and ordered the large. There is no zipper, it just slips on, very easy and not a lot of fuss. This dress has a very flattering shape and for the price, is perfect for the one or two dinners I'll need it for.


I have to be honest.  At that price, I had minimal expectations for this dress but it looked good online so I gave it a shot.  IT’S AWESOME!  It’s classy and fits great.  Best kept secret is this dress at THAT price!  I wore it for a holiday party and got tons of compliments!  It’s a MUST BUY!


I cannot stop raving about this dress! It is absolutely gorgeous, yet so comfortable! It made a huge hit at the party I wore it too, yet, little did people know, it was stretch material! It definitely won't last forever material-wise, but it is to be expected for the price! I am usually a size 4 in a dress and the XS fit perfectly.


Looks nice, feels great, fits slightly smaller than expected but not by much. Took off a star because is snags SO easily. I had to trim several snags the first time wearing it. Not made to last but certainly fine for an event, which is what I bought it for.


Loved this dress! I purchased for a cruise and this dress looked phenomenal! The price was super cheap and the dress looked way more expensive. The only negative was that it was had a lot of static cling, but that was easily corrected.


Very pretty, very comfy. Buy a size up from your normal size. I typically wear a size 14 dress and XL shirts to accommodate my chest (38DD), but this XL was skin tight. It's also great for tall girls. I'm 5'10" and it almost hits my knees. Update: button popped off after the first wash.


