This dress was better than I could have hoped for!!! It fit perfectly and was SO comfortable. The lace is soft and not scratchy at all. I got so many compliments while wearing it. I'm about 5'7" and around 180 lbs normally a US SIZE 12/14, ordered the XL and it fit perfect. Hope this helps. If you are unsure about this dress, just order it!!!


I absolutely love this dress. I've been sewing for over 20 years and the quality of the dress is  awesome for $20 .


The dress actually has princess line going down the front  and in the back. Princess lines tend to give the body a thinner appearance.Princess seams are classic design lines that are figure flattering for all body types. The Lions get the dress a better shape.


The dress is fully lined with a nice thick black lining . Dress offers a great quality lace very soft not that itchy kind that you get and can't stop moving around. The dress also has a lattice-work pattern around the top of the neckline around the sleeves and around the bottom of the dress which makes it really pretty and it gives it a unique look. I am 5'4 and the dress Hits me right above the knee I absolutely think it's a really nice dress for $20. I ordered the dress in black and this is definitely going to be one of my favorite little black dresses in my closet as it can be used for so many different occasions and dressed up or down. I plan to wear the dress with the basic black pointy pump but when it gets a little colder outside I'm also going to wear it with a Blazer and Tall leather boots . Of course in summer you can wear the dress with strappy sandals.So many different looks you can create with this dress. I personally like the fact that the dress does not have a zipper I tend to like things that you can just pull over the head for me that's easy. If you put a zipper in a dress like this it's usually has to be an invisible zipper Often more times than not  those zippers are very hard to pull up and down so I hate using them in dresses.Invisible zippers break very easily.


Great deal 5 stars!


I received this dress at discounted price for a honest  unbiase review.


I like the rest of the Amazon community rely on reviews to help me make Great buying  decisions .I really hope you, will enjoy this fabulous dress as much as I will!


I hope my review was helpful.


I'm 5'6 and 155, athletic build. I got a size large and it fits perfectly! So cute and comfortable! Not itchy at all, which was important to me. A little stretchy material, which is nice. :)


i received so many compliments on this dress. No one believed that I purchased this dress for $20 on Amazon. I'm a size 6/8 normally. I'm 145lbs and about 5'6. I ordered a large and it fit perfectly. Great quality for the price. I was concerned about it not having a zipper and how easily it would go on over my head and it was no big deal.


Love this dress! It's beautiful! I am 5'8, 140lbs, curvy build (small waist, but wider hips, big booty and thick thighs). I usually wear a size 6-8 and the Medium fit perfect, the large was a little too loose. The lace is silky and smooth and it looks much more expensive than it is. This dress for this price is a gem!


I am in love with this dress!  I bought it in two colors (red and black) because I couldn't decide what to wear for an upcoming wedding.  I loved this style so much that I decided to keep both!!  The long style is flattering, the material is great, especially considering the price.  It is elegant, yet sexy.  I am 5'8" 130 pounds and ordered a medium.


I love this dress!! So comfortable and I got so many compliments on it.


Pros: it fit my 36H!!! Listened to the reviews n ordered a size up since complaints on small chested ladies said it it was tight around the chest area. I normally wear a medium so large worked. It did give a nice silhouette but of course rest of body is thinner 6/8 so it is loose but that's been my issue with these tatas n straight dresses. It looks much more pricier than the $13 i paid. Cons: the red is more an orange red. Not a true cherry or bright red. Yea def orangey. Wouldn't match my red that i had in mind so now I'm going to have to wear my black pumps. Bummer. Overall I like it. Will get the black too.


This dress is so good!! Wore it to a fancy Murder By Death show and it looked great! Total vintage flair to it. The collar is amazing. The fit is amazing. You will regret not owning this dress.


I am pleasantly surprised by this dress! For $18 it's a steal. It is very stretchy and comfortable and appears to be good quality. I am 5'5 and 128 pounds and the small fits nicely. As someone who likes my dresses snug it could have even been a little tighter, but I am pleased overall. The 4 stars is only because it's rather long on me and probably meant for somebody taller. The lace comes about an inch below my knee.


