It's a bit sung in the breast and shoulders but it's a beautiful dress. Also the under layer is inside out. Lol but the lace top layer hides this fact. Very sexy and alluring while I have it on.


My daughter loves this dress she is 5'6 145 and the medium fits perfectly


I also tried it on 5'1 110 but with 34ddd also fit me fine


Very comfortably on


Very nice dress, the receiver of it was very pleased and also impressed with the quality of the material and workmanship


Will definitely buy from this seller again, shipping was quick also.


I am 5'7, 160lbs, 40D bust and normally wear US size 8. I ordered the Large and it was absolutely perfect!!! I loved everything about this dress. It came 1 day late based on guaranteed shipping, but the dress was worth it. It fit perfectly, it was sexy, yet modest, and my husband loved it on me. i will be ordering this dress in more than just navy!!!


I love, love this dress. Most likely i will buy another one in different color. I like the quality, and it fits very nice and my husband loved how it looked on me. Material is very soft and it feels nice to the skin. I would highly recommend this dress if you are looking for something that will not be short but at the same time it will look sexy and comfy.


I absolutely love how this dress fits . It is also very comfortable I think I will be ordering another in blue . Good quality and makes you look great .


I'm very short around 5'-5'2, this came down to mid-shin for me. I expected it since it depends on your height in regards to how long it would come down to. Other than that it fits as expected. I love that it has lace details on the dress. It's well fitted and looks fancy. This is the perfect dress for an event or special occasion.


I just love this dress.It's a beautifully made dress true to size.Follow the size chart and you will be fine. I am 5ft  4in, 155lbs and I ordered the large It fits perfectly .


This dress looks great, but is somewhat large in the waist. It fits great everywhere else, and is a steal at this price. Get it, you will love it!


Really cute dress, but it has a manufacturing flaw, the sleeves are stitched in a twist. I have to return it and can no longer use it for the event I needed it for, and the price went up for reordering it.


