Super cute, well fitting, cocktail style dress. I ordered for a company event and it served me well! Not a high end dress, but we'll worth the price. Definitely will serve a purpose for the life of the garment!


This is a beautiful dress! It fits tight, you may want to size up, my store size is medium or 10, but most Amazon sellers I need large. I purchased this dress in a large and returned it for an XL, it looks stunning for the price.


This dress is so pretty and flattering.  I feel like it could have been a little tighter, but I feel like if I size down it might be too small, so I will keep this size.  For reference, I usually wear a 6/8 & I bought a Medium.


I loved this dress.  It fit as expected and received tons of compliments at a wedding I attended.  It was worth far more than the price.  It is stretchy but held its shape.  I did not have to wear extreme undergarments for shaping.  The navy was classy and a welcome alternative to black. I would certainly buy another dress online from this designer.


Beautiful garment.  Runs quite small.


Fit well, though perhaps a size smaller would have looked even better - but very comfortable as is now.


I am pleasantly surprised by this dress -- never expected it to fit so nicely.  I will definitely keep it -- thinking of possibly shortening it, but otherwise, it looks great -- what a great buy!


I wear a 4-6. I ordered the medium in this dress. It is very formfitting. I probably could have taken a large, but I'm sticking with the medium. The dress it self it made of stretchy material and goes on over the head instead of a zipper. The dress is very nice and elegant. Very glad I purchased this dress.


Best purchase!  5'9 150 lb and a large fits perfectly, not clingy at all but very nicely fitted and a great length (just above knee).  EXCELLENT product.


Very flattering design. Forgiving material, love the dark blue color and amazed at the price! I have 2 events that I will wear this dress to.


