This dress was perfect for a summer wedding. I am 5'9" and was thrilled it fit so well. Hit me right at the knee. I'm also around 170, and ordered a large.


Be careful about jewelry. I had big rhinestone bracelets on that kept catching and pulling the lace all night. Luckily with the black it didn't show too much.


For the price I was extremely impressed with the look and quality of this dress.


I can’t get over how expensive this dress looks. Cheapest dress I’ve ever bought though possibly one of the prettiest. Everyone thought I’d spent a fortune on it. The best part of all is how comfortable it is!!!


It was much more form fitting than the dresses that I typically wear, so I was unsure how I felt wearing it out and about. However I went ahead and used it for the bachelorette party and receiving numerous compliments on it. The lace neckline did snag easy though from my necklace that I wore with it.


The dress is OK shape wise, but the navy color is not right.  I bought this, with a couple of other dresses, to try on for a bridesmaid dress.  It needs to be navy and this is more purple.  Picture below.  This dress is on the left. A true navy color dress is on the right.


The dress is fine, but if you need navy this is not it.


I honestly ordered this expecting to probably send back because the price just had to be too good to be true, but WOW was i completely wrong. I ordered the Medium and it fit perfectly - I'm 5'8" 135lbs and normally wear a 6/M. I couldn't believe how nice the fabric felt. I can't wait to wear it to a wedding next week and will update the review if necessary after wearing.


This is a really stunning dress. I am 5'3" and weigh 119 lbs. I originally ordered the dress in medium but exchanged it for Large. That fits me perfectly. I wore it to an evening functions and received so many compliments. I bought it in black too and plan to take both dresses on my upcoming cruise. They are washable and 100% polyester. Great for packing and no wrinkles to worry about. The dress covers my knees and that's my favorite length.


Can't beat cheap and SEXY! My boyfriend thought it was from the department store I ALWAYS shop at:)


I'm 5'2 and 115 with a 32d bust and it fits like a glove!! I love it!


This dress fits perfectly. I am 5,9" and it falls right above the knee. Since I have a long torso, sometimes these kind of dresses don't fit right on me, which is not a problem with this particular piece.


The material is nice and it doesn't ride up, like some other form fitting dresses i have had. Received lots of compliments. The navy color is just like it is in the photo. Can't go wrong, it looks more expensive than what I paid for it.


The dress is really nice.  I am 5 foot tall probably 130 pounds my hips are like a 40 inch.  I was worried the extra-large might be tight but it actually looks good, it hits a little bit below the knee which is nice.  I got the red, it is a nice bright red.


This dress is very beautiful. It is very slimming, the only thing i like least about this dress is the length. It went past the knees. But if you are looking for a modest dress then this dress is perfect. Very good quality, It will last very long if you take good care of it. I usually wear size large in pants and medium on shirts because I have wide hips. I am big busted, 34dd postpartumand and I ordered a large. It fit perfectly.


