The dress just came in, I could not wait to take it out of the package.


It was neatly folded so when I took it out of the box and bag, it was not wrinkled at all. The fabric is very soft, thick and of excellent quality. It feels like satin and has a subtle shine. The skirt portion of the dress is very wide, it falls nicely, which creates natural pleats. The dress is extremely comfortable, again the fabric it so soft. The zipper is in the back, it is totally invisible and your friends might ask you how you got this dress on.


If you need to iron it, which I did prior to the party, iron it on low inside out. I recommend this dress, it is a great buy.


Dress was for my graduation. I got an x large. The dress wasn't too long or too short. The color was a little darker and seemed kinda red but it was hot pink. The dress fit great. The zipper was a little hard to zip but that wasn't a major problem. Overall, it was a pretty dress and I looked great in it!!


Great dress and stretches! Bought size small. I'm 5'2" and 115lbs, 27 inch waist and 32DDD bra size. I was worried the dress wouldn't fit because I'm large busted, but because of the stretchy material it fit great!


I love this dress!  Super flattering no matter what your body type is (I'm plus size and feel so comfortable in it)! Every time I wear it out I get compliments. Looks great on its own or dress it up with a strappy bra or harness! Just so cute. Ordering in all of the colors!


Love this dress!!!!!


Perfect LBD


I love the feel and look of this dress!  I'm 5'5", about 130lbs, and 32DD.  The small size was a perfect fit! The length was perfect and classy, and I love the mesh top.  I wore gold accent jewelry, nude heels, and added a thin gold belt.


This dress exceeded every expectation! I ordered a XL although I am a sz 12 & 5'7"...its perfectly lengthy & an attention grabber! I so love it...although I have to have it taken up some! I'd buy this again!!!!!


This is one of my new favorite dresses. The material is nice and thick without being too heavy, and the quality is very nice - doesn't feel cheap at all despite the $20 price tag. It's very versatile and can easily be dressed up or down. Love it!


I'm 5'8, 195lbs, 39-34-44. I ordered a large which fits perfectly.


Loved this dress! Thick, good quality material. Exactly as described. Got many compliments


