I felt like a princess in this dress! It’s soo form fitting and beautifully made. I absolutely love it


I ordered this for one of my daughter's for an event we were attending. She looked ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL AND AMAZING in this dress. We LOVE it. She is 5'2 and 130 lbs


This dress fit my daughter perfectly. The material is a little heavy but didn't seem to stop her from dancing and having fun with her friends at her birthday party.


Perfect semi casual dress for a bridesmaid. Fits like a dream, not too long or short. Package came even faster than I expected. Material has some stretch to it so my wife ordered a size smalled than I would normally wear and it still fits and flatters my wifes hour glass figure. Definitely worth buying.


Lovely dress. I am 5'2" and normally wear a size 12/14 and I'm a 38 DDD so I purchased the XL and it fits perfect. I purchased the baby blue and the color is soft and pretty!


Daughter bought this for Christmas dance in middle school, it's her school color so it was perfect! The fit was dead on accurate and looked amazing!


I followed the reviews on sizing, I bought a medium.  Granddaughter is about 105 to 110 lbs.  she is short and a little thick.  not overweight, just hasn't lost all the baby fat yet.  It is a beautiful dress.  a little snug in the waist, but not so much to not wear it.  She loves it.


The material is nice and thick and not cheap looking at all. I absolutely love this dress. I bought a 2X and wear an 18/20, size 2 at Torrid.


I'm 5'6" and 150 pounds and purchased a medium in purple. It's fits perfectly and makes me look very slender.  I will be purchasing this dress in other colors.


The dress fit perfectly I loved it.  It wasn't wrinkled upon arrival. It is heavier material but it doesn't interfere with anything. The only thing I didn't like about it is it the black dye came off on my skin! It didn't come off easily, and it stained a few other items also, I would wash it before you wear it to see if that helps. Other than that it was a great dress


