This is a really nice dress, I took an xl based on the sizing table but I could have done with a large as the material is super stretchy. It is also a bit thick but I really love it overall. It's simple and the quality is also great. I paired it with a belt I bough on Amazon


I saw a million reviews on this dress and thought I'd take the risk...glad I did!  The dress is pretty form fitting over the ribs but flares out to cover my belly which is nice. It's overall very slimming!  Hits me a few inches above the knee...always nice to find a dress that is long enough when you're tall. One thing I did notice that is kind of silly, but this is a little hard to zip as the zipper is straight up the back and not on the side. I live alone and there was a lot of shimmying going on. But I could get in and out of it, so there's that. For reference I'm 6 feet tall and 205 pounds and got the XL.


My daughter needed a "last minute" dress for her High School Homecoming Dance.  We were a little nervous about the fit. She is 5' 5", 115 lbs.  We went off the listed measurements which has her as XS in the bust but a S in the waist.  We ordered the XS and it fit perfectly. (There is a little stretch to the material but it doesn't fit "too tight" at all!)  The dress is beautiful in and of itself but we decided to add a little bling (it is Homecoming after all!) so we also bought a Rhinstone "bridal belt" ribbon (show below). 


 Total cost came in just over $40 for both the dress and the bling!  We ordered on Sunday, it arrived on Tuesday (thank you Prime!) and the dance isn't until Saturday. She absolutely loves it!  She will likely be ordering this same dress in white for her high school graduation this spring!


This dress is really pretty, so I wanted to buy it for a wedding I have in October. I looked through all of the reviews and I normally wear a 14, sometimes 16, so based on what others said, I ordered the XL. The dress fit perfectly, but it was a little tighter than I imagined and shows all lines/curves, so bra and underwear lines would be noticeable along with other imperfections. I tried it on a few times, but I am going to return it because I know I will be conscious about that the entire time.


This makes your butt look huge. Not flattering at all!


The dress is beautiful and well made. The color looks just like it does online and the material is very nice and soft. Unfortunately for me, it seems that it would fit someone with a larger bust much better. Bought a medium as my size is generally 6/8 - medium but it was much to large. Sent it back for a small and it fits much better everywhere (still a tad large) except the bust/shoulder area. I do like it a lot though. It is very dance-able, looks nice, and I received many compliments. But for a slender person, be aware that it may be a little bit big... mainly around the bust.


it was really to large if you are a skinny person don't buy it


I ordered this in the light green, due to my favorite color is like a sea foam green, and it is perfect. Also the fit of the dress is better than I expected, which is a good thing. It fits perfectly around my bust and waist line. The dress does have a little stretch, but it helps the overall fit of the dress. It arrived quickly and no wrinkles, besides the pleated like fold of the dress to be folded in the packaging. I would definitely recommend this dress to anyone looking for a sleek and light feel.


I ordered a large and my bust is 38 C and I am roughly 175 lbs. It fits 10 times better than any of my other dresses that I ordered.


Pros:


Nice material and not too thin.


Fit is perfect, which it fits the body great.


Color is perfect, just like the screen showed.


Length is perfect.


Cons:


Getting it to zip by yourself is a pain in the butt, but it doesn't affect overall fit.


This dress was everything U expected and then some.  I am a big busted ( 34G) and the size L was a perfect fit. I usually wear a size 10 - 12. I wore it to a black tie affair and put on my accessories and it was a wrap. I received compliments all night long. You won't regret it if you purchase this dress!!!


