So first the dress was late... no big deal.. then I recieve the dress and it's not wine colored as shown... the "plastic ziplock bag" it came in looked to have been melted and shredded.  This is supposed to be for a wedding and the dress is damaged and has a "nipple" and came very wrinkled and is deff not the right color. Sad to say it fit very well on me but I am very very disappointed in this dress..will try ironing the "nipple" and wrinkles out, but if I cant then I will have to return the dress.


This dress looks lovely :)  I wore it out to my wedding tasting and it was great!  The material is thicker than I thought, so the "pleats" stay in.  Very pretty.


I loved this dress when I wore it, But than I washed and put it in the dryer and the mesh melted in places! Do Not put it in your dryer!


I love this dress! I bought it to wear for my bachelorette party. And got Tons of compliments on it. Fits me perfectly. I'm full figured so wearing white is tricky. But this dress didn't accent my areas I don't care for rather hid them well. And just looked overall great on me. Very comfy as well. Light but not see thru or sheer.


I love this dress much more than I thought I would. I've bought dresses on amazon before and sometimes you just have to cross your fingers because it's either too big or small or worse of all the fabric is horrible. Not only does this fit amazing but it's like the soft buttery cotton fabric. It holds up nicely in the wash which is super important because I've bought dresses I've loved only for them to fall apart. I do let it air dry though.


I love the way this dress fits! It's so incredibly flattering. I'm planning to check out the other colors and order more. I love the A-line shape. It flares out enough to fit comfortably over my wide hips. I'm 5'8" and my measurements are 38-30-42 so having a dress that appropriately fits my lower half while not being to large up top is great. I would recommend over and over again.


I LOVE this dress!!! I am 5 5, 170 pounds and the medium fits perfectly. The material is very soft and good quality for the price. Very happy with this dress and plan to where it to my college graduation! I highly recommend. Very flattering around the waist and, surprisingly, the arms!


Amazing dress! So amazing I bought it in both the mint and yellow. The fabric is a heavier fabric which really doesn't get wrinkled so that's awesome. The sheer mesh on top is absolutely stunning. I love the length of this dress and its flattering on all body types. I am definitely buying the rest of the colors they have to offer in this dress. I am amazed by this product~


A thicker, sturdier material than I was expecting. Definitely a good thing! Super soft and feels comfortable.  Have only tried it on once since it is for a wedding and I don't want to risk any accidents. Fits well. I am about 120, 5'4, and mostly pear shaped.  I got the small, even though I was semi worried about the fit since I have larger hips and a smaller bust.


I love this dress! Great material for the price. I usually wear a small-medium and I ordered a small and it was perfect.


