This dress is a nice quality for the price (I paid $25+). The material is nice and the sheer portion looks very pretty and well made as well. I uploaded a picture for size comparison. We ordered a small for a lean 115 lb 5'4.5" person. As you can see in the picture, the length is nice as well and landed just a bit above the knee.


I loved it the dress fit was kinda big on me but not big enough to go down a size. I was originally worried cause I'm fairly large chested and I didn't want it to go too small. I also thought the lace would be itchy but it isn't. Although the thing I'm most happy with is the fact that the back is not too short like I can wear this dress and not freak out about it.


I bought the small dress, and it fit great! I'm normally a size 4, but pregnant, and it was very flattering. The color is perfect!


The only thing that wasn't perfect was that it wrinkles so easily, and wrinkles don't want to come out


Dress itself was made wonderfully. Great material, and the mesh looked awesome,  however it was much too small about 2 to 4 sizes


I am a 12 in waist and hips but a 16 in chest (breast area)  so I usually order size 1416 to accommodate that.  As I did in this case and the dress was way too small.  Didn't fit in the waste hips or anywhere for that matter.


My daughter who is a size 8-10 tried the dress on and it Fit perfect.


I gave 3 stars because the dress quality was excellent. Just not sizing.


I wore this dress to go see hamilton.  It fit perfectly.  I'm a very busy girl and the dress hit my curves just right.  I had a waist line and my girls had the right amount of room andnthe hem was right were it belonged.  Nonstray threads and no stretching.  I'm easily a 18-20 and I got the 2X as the size chart suggested.  I plan on ordering more of these!!


The reviews for this dress were so great that I thought this would be a great purchase. I am 5'0/100 pounds and ordered an XS in Navy Blue.


Pros: The quality of the dress and color is great-it is thick and feels expensive. The mesh at the top of the dress is a nice quality and comes down to the right level on the chest where you are not exposing too much. Some reviews said the zipper was a little wonky-mine was just fine. It is a very elegant dress that would be a great purchase if you are on the taller side.


Cons: The length of the dress was way too long (knee level). The fit around the waist was just slightly loose, but it was not loose enough where I would return this dress for that reason only. But if you are petite like me and wanted a dress that hits mid-thigh, then this dress might not be for you. Unfortunately, I will be returning this dress because of the length.


I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS DRESS. I am very skeptical of buying online but this dress was perfect and made me feel beautiful. It is not too short, good fabric and worth the price that I paid.


I am 5'4" 105lbs and 32-26-37 with a slight mom belly.  Photos were taking with a strapless, add-a-size push-up bra.


Size XS fits very well and helps hide the belly.  The dress falls right to my knees and is comfortable.  The fabric is not thin, but it is mostly polyester and feels it.


The dress looks a bit cheap to me.  I was hoping it would be a good, versatile LBD, but I will have to keep looking.  I will probably return the black one, but might reorder in a different, casual, color because it is so comfortable.


Fantastic deal for the price. Don't expect perfect material, but the dress came in impeccably. It fits really well and looks beautiful. The color is a little less saturated than I expected, but overall this is a really cute dress that is flattering despite me not  having a flat tummy. Fits cute and it is easy to dress up of down,


Cute and well made for the price, nice material and the color is an ivory more than a stark white. I got it as a bridalish outfit for many get together and showers. I'm 5ft with 36DD breasts and the medium fits me perfectly. It's unforgiving around the tummy and creates a Empire waist which is cute but distracting when your breasts are large and wearing a strapless bra. Worth keeping still given the lovely shape and a line figure it gives but definitely would be better without the belted area separating the chest and stomach.


