Beautiful dress. Was somewhat unsure of how i was going to like it. As soon as i tried it on i changed my mind. Very well made, super nice quality material. Im 5`8 165 and I bought a large. Im thinking I should have gone with with a medium for a snugger fit. But, all in all, very happy with this dress! If your on the fence about buying this dress, just do it. You won't be disappointed!


I'm 4'11, 93 pounds and got an xs. was a little big at first so I washed it and it slightly shrunk so it fits a little better now but ill probably still have to take some in. also the zipper in back bulges out,  not all that noticeable but slightly bothersome.  otherwise it's an amazing dress and fabric


The actual color of the dress was more vibrant than in the picture. But for me it was perfect. The fabric was heavy and draped perfectly to conceal problem areas. I especially liked the neckline of the dress. It is different from anything I have ever worn, but so elegant. I received lots of compliments at my friends wedding. I will purchase in other colors.


XS This looked beautiful on my 13 year old approximately size 16 daughter.  I also ordered the small which i returned.  Was substantially larger than the XS.  Love it


Bought this for my daughter's orchestra concert. It seems to run a little big so had to take it in a bit but still happy with the dress for the value.


I absolutely love this dress. It is a great quality and fits perfectly. Wore it to a little black dress event and got many compliments. I'm petite at 5'2 and 113 pounds. I purchased a medium mainly because I wanted it to come to right above my knees.


I purchased this for a date night with the husband. The dress was here super quick! The material is great, soft and a little thicker so it's not flowing with every wisp of wind! I got a size small, and it fit great. I'm bigger up top (34DD), so I never know what to expect with a small- but it fit perfectly without being too tight or low cut. It hit about 1-2 inches above my knee, I'm 5'2" (another thing I'm never sure of, what fits most nicely above the knee is usually at or below for me!) I definitely recommend!


My favorite dress! I read all the reviews and they were right, this is a perfect dress... even for you. Don't hesitate to buy this one, get it now!


I love this dress. The material is so soft and forgiving. It came in very wrinkled but nothing that an iron couldn't fix. It's just a touch too big around my chest but that's okay. That's honestly just a personal preference of mine for a dress to be a bit more fitted in the chest area. However, I love to fit and the style of it. The color is perfect and it looks so much better than I thought it would.


My wife bought this to wear on our cruise and she looked great in it. I liked that it was an expensive considering she probably will only wear it once or twice.


