This dress is absolutely amazing! I have a very large butt, and have always been self conscious in dresses because they ride up in the back and appear much shorter. This falls right above my knees, making me feel modest and classy. The fabric really is heavy, giving the illusion that it is a much more expensive dress than it actually is. This is an easy dress to dress up or down, depending on the event. It is extremely comfortable! I definitely recommend!


Love this dress, and can't wait to wear it out.  Its just a bit big, but nothing game breaking.  If I had sized down I probably would need spanx but this way I don't.  The zipper was a bit hard to get up and down, but the dress has enough stretch that I was able to pull it over my head and not deal with the zipper.  This dress hits me in all the right places and it isn't too short.  I'm 5'4 and the dress comes right above my knee and makes me curves even more pronounced.  Can't wait to order more from this brand.


This dress fits exactly as expected and it comes in a thick material. Looks just like the picture. Definitely recommend!


This dress was ok for the price. I bought the blue one with black lace. I thought I was a small but ordered a XS which was a good decision because this one fits perfect. The only issue I have is the length it drops almost below my knees. Wish they had a picture with a model because I thought it would be above the knee or even mid-thigh from other reviews. Was going to wear it to a graduation but it looks too old fashion from the length. I'll find some other use of wearing it.


Good thick quality fabric. Too short and wide for me. Sizing seems off. I ordered and extra large and my measurements are 5'10", B:40, W:33 H:47.


This is exactly what I needed for graduation! It looks exactly like the picture. The only problem I have with it is that the material clings to your body, since I am on the heavier side I will have to hid it a little bit. I would plan on getting one size up from what you normally get.


This is an OK dress.. Don't expect to blow anyone away.  The shaping that is shown in the picture is now how shapely it is. Very straight line instead.


Amazing dress. I bought the black one with lace in the chest, and it exceeded my expectations. Then I decided to buy the wine red color with the mesh chest, and I'm somewhat disappointed in it. Dress came with these weird wrinkles like it had been stashed under something for a long time and pulled out for my purchase. It also smells horrible. So I will need to wash and iron it. The chest is a little itchy as well. Should've just stuck with the first one.


Nice Well-made Dress for the Money, can't thing of a negative thing about it.  Wasn't too long and wasn't too short (5'7" small built)


This dress fit as expected however I did not care for the style on me.


