Picked this up quick for a rehearsal dinner. It fit beautifully and looked great. The fabric has a little give that makes it flattering and comfortable. I love the lace detail at the top to add a bit of flair. It's great!


The dress fit better, and is made of higher quality materials than I expected at this price. The only downfall for me is that it had animal hair on it as soon as I took it out of the package. I love everything else about it though.


This is a very cute dress.  It fit well and is made well (stitching and zipper).  I would definitely consider purchasing in other colors.  I ordered the black/wine.  It was received on time and was packed well.


I purchased this dress for my daughters promotion to high school. Fit perfectly on her. Ordered a Large. At 5'11" she's tall for her age but the length was perfect. Fitting her above the knee. She wears an 11 in pants. The burgundy color was also very nice.


I bought this dress to wear for my graduation and it was perfect, I received so many compliments.The fabric is thick and super soft, and the dress looks more expensive than it is. I think this dress would work for any body size or shape. I’m 5’2” and the size Small hits just barely above the knee for me.  I would highly recommend it! Great buy!


This dress arrived in a ball of wrinkles, plastic bag way too big to accommodate the contents. In any event, was able to slip dress over my head without unzipping, with room to grow. Material was exactly as stated from other reviews, heavier, yet ample to wear for a few seasons out of the year. Pleased with the purchase, overall.


This dress is absolutely gorgeous. It's a bit thicker material but form fitting, so you may need a shaper underneath if you don't want lumps and bumps to show, but it the skirt flares out beautifully. Very well made and an overall stunner; very happy with it especially for the price.


I absolutely love this dress! It is comfortable and the perfect length. I am 5'6 1/2 and 149 lbs got a medium


I ordered a small, I'm 135 pounds 5'3. I thought it would be a little bit tighter(it bulges in the back and if I bend forward it will be saggy on the belly, but the fabric feels great and it does look really good. I also like that it's right above my knee and big butts shouldn't show when you bend down. So I think it's the right amount of legs shown.


Love this dress wore it for a couple of occasions.  I am embarrassed to say this but my muffin top doesn't look obvious with this dress.  Super cute. Although I expected the lace part to be a different material I didn't mind it at all.


