Absolutely flattering!! I always buy mediums with any dress, but after reading reviews I got a small.  It is a perfect fit. I'm 130-135 pounds...I'm a small B cup and I'm 5'9. It is short but still covers enough, length wise, to be a lady. It is snug all around my upper body and it feels comfortable to wear. This dress is definitely going to be one of my new favorite cocktail dresses. In love.


Amazing dress! I'm 5'9 132 pounds and a small fit me perfectly! I'm usually between small and medium, but looking at the measurements I picked a small and didn't regret it.


The best thing about the dress is the quality of the fabric. It's thick and heavy enough to brush over and hide the flabbier parts, yet light enough to feel like a light dress. Although I'm usually pretty self conscious about fabric touching my stomach (as opposed to just draping over it), this dress hugs my waist tightly and then shapes my stomach nicely. Perfect!


This dress fits me perfectly. I'm 5'7 and weigh about 125lbs. It goes just above my knees. The fabric is also a stretchy material. My chest size is a 34A; and it fits me just as Peter when I wear a normal bra, or when I wear the extreme push up bras.


I got it as a new date night/special occasion dress and this dress is all of the above. The best part about it was watching my husband's jaw drop when he saw me in it for the first time. If you are looking for a dress that is both classy and sexy; this is the one for you.


Great fit! Got lots of compliments.


I never write reviews but this dress was amazing.  I ordered a small and I'm 5'4 135. It fit like a charm and it looks hella cute. This is my go to dress for weddings. 10/10 would order again


This is a great dress for the price!  The material is thick and sturdy, with great stretch.  I was going to purchase a large, but after reading other reviews, I went with a medium.  It is form fitting, but I think with this dress, that's the preferred fit.  I am 5'4 and 157 lbs.  I can't wait to wear this!


THe dress was a nice dress it just wasn't flattering on me but it did look really good on my 14 year old sister. The material is very comfy and stretchy. WE both wear about a size 12-16 depending on brand and weigh around 190 lbs.


I am 5'4" and weigh 170 lbs. I wear a size 12 dress and ordered this in a large. I was hesitant at first but it's the perfect blend of structured and stretch. It looks like it was tailored just for me! I wore it for engagement pictures and got tons of compliments on it!


Super cute dress, especially for the price.  I love the color in person.  It's not too bright but is still a fun red dress.  I'm 5'7", 225 lbs, and the XL fit me perfectly.  Very comfortable and hit me just above the knees.


Was not too impressed with this. It is a nice idea, but the quality isn't great for the price. Maybe it is a matter of the color variety and I will purchase a different variety one day.


