i like this dress style very comfortable  i bought these to my cousin  order small size she really love it very perfect she got so many compliment from her friend highly recommended


Cut is too low for a teen but the same dress with the lace is perfect


Stretchy material- seems durable, not cheap. It was a little shorter than expected. Im 5'2 and it hit a little above my knee. I put a crinoline slip under it too add some length/poof and it was adorable. Overall very worth the price.


I'm 5'4 130lbs I needed a medium and I can fit in most smalls so it runs a little small. The top was a little to low on the lace and I had to shift the dress a lot. I wore it to a wedding and I saw another girl wearing it in a different color.


Beautiful thick quality material feels great to the touch. Fits great. Slightly loose in the area between waist and chest (rib area). But not so noticeable. Soft mesh. Not at all scratch. Great length. Fabric is a little stretchy which is good. But a great sheen to it without being too shiny like cheap fabric. Very happy with it. Would buy more styles from this company. Great selection of colors too. Love that they offer XS


Looked just like the picture. Nice fabric, great for a lady who wants something elegant without the bling. It was about 2 inches longer than we expected, so we are having it hemmed. That is the reason for four stars.Granddaughter is 5'2" and it came to the top of her knee.


LOVE THIS DRESS. I ordered it on December 30th because I still didn't have anything to wear for a fancy New Year's party. It came before 4pm the next day and fits like a glove. I bought a small, but am a pretty curvy girl with a 36 D breast size and I absolutely loved the way it fit me.


Besides it being to small, it just wasn't as cute in person.  Material was kind of cheaper than I expected.  Lace top was adorable.  Need bigger size up if big chested.


As all the reviews stated: true to size, great quality of fabric, wrinkle-free, and cute.  Bought this for my daughter and she loves it!


Heavy material. Very nice dress. Bought for my daughters promotion. I thought they sent two dresses by mistake. But it was just one. Fit is true to size and super flattering. High quality product. Thank you!


