Very good quality for the price. Very elegant looking. I'm 5' tall, 115 lbs and the size small fit like the dress was made for me. This was one of the BEST purchases I've made in a long time.


pretty - but returned because too tight in the bst area


This dress is absolutely adorable, I bought a size medium and it fit perfect, I usually wear between a 4-6, I am 5' tall and weight 120 lbs. my measurements are 34C, 27" waist and 38 inch hips. It comes about 1-2 inches above my knee, so if you are tall it will much shorter on you. I had my niece try it on as well and she is 4'10"  110 lbs, 34DD  and the medium fit her perfect as well. On her the dress came just at her knees.  Good quality material, soft and flowing. It arrived a bit wrinkled but nothing a steam iron can't fix. The dress says it is ivory or off white but it is not, it is just as white as the picture shows. The material is thick enough to not be see thru, I would wear a strapless bra with it though due to the sheer upper chest. I haven't worn it out yet but when I do I will update it with some pics. I bought it for my niece's sweet 16 party coming up soon. Can't wait to wear it out.


Bought this for my Daughter, for her 8th grade "graduation" ceremony.  We got it in Red, and it is a lovely shade.  She loves it, and is looking forward to wearing it to the ceremony, and the dance later that night as well!


This dress is literally perfect. I got the purple one with black mesh and the fabric is such great quality, thick and definitely not cheap feeling. It hugs my curves in all the right places and slimming where it needs to be. My fiance loves it on me! I highly recommend getting this dress if you're thinking about it! So great for the price :)


This dress is perfect, true to size and very good quality fabrics. Will buy from Heloise again


Beautiful dress. Everyone loved it


Beautiful dress! High quality! Very flattering. Will be ordering it in all of the colors!


Gorgeous dress! Nicely constructed but- waist too high. Size very small- not for busty woman.


Beautiful dress it's kinda heavy on the bottom. But my daughter loves it fits her well.


