I'm 5'10 and 157lbs. Being tall, dresses are extremely hard to find with the right length. This dress fits so nice. I probably could have gotten away with a small but I'm normally a medium in most things. The length was perfect! A few inches above my knee, and not worrying about my butt hanging out when bending over. Love love love this dress.!


For the price, this is a great dress! The material is nothing special, so do not expect a fancy material .I am 5'4 and 100 pounds, and an XS fit nicely. The sizing chart is pretty spot on. Overall, dress looks great, and I received tons of compliments. I ordered the navy color, and it was very nice. Not to bright, but not to boring either. I was originally worried about the lace sagging, but was happily surprised. Overall, great product! Mine DID NOT smell bad, and WAS NOT ripped.


I absolutely love the cut of this dress! I love the simple look and how easily this can be dress up or down. The dress fits to my curves very nicely. The material has a good weight to it and feels very soft/smooth. Color is spot-on to what is pictured. I am 5'3" 117lbs 32DDD for reference.


This dress just came in and I love it! I ordered the small (For sizing purposes I'm 5'4", 30DD and about 115 lbs) and it fits comfortably/perfectly and hits a little above the knee. The material is thick but stretchy. If you prefer something tighter, then the XS may be better.


I think I'll get the red one, too!


is super comfortable perfect get me super fast, thanks


This dress fit better than expected. I ordered a small and it fit to a T! My chest size is 34B, my hips are 38.5 inches, I'm 5'5 and I'm 128 pounds. Hip size doesn't matter so much since it flares out a bit. If you are bigger than a 34B I'd recommend the next size up. This dress is very classy, yet sexy and fun. Material is nice and soft and the mesh is great quality. Highly recommended, especially for the price!


The dress was very well made, was pretty, and was comfortable. Unfortunately, the fit of the dress is way off in terms of American sizing. I am 5'7 approximately 150 lbs., and wear a size 36 B bra. I normally have wear a large in dresses or shirts that I buy in store, so based on the reviews (stating that the dress was made big) I ordered a medium. Unfortunately the medium was still too large for my frame (especially in the bust area) and I will have to send the dress back. I will likely re-order this dress in a small and keep my fingers crossed that it fits.


The dress is amazing I love it my boyfriend picked the color for me. It fits perfectly I wasn't sure if I was going to get the dress with all the mixed reviews on it but I'm so happy I decided to get it anyway! You will not regret this purchase the fabric feels so nice not itchy at all. I think I'm going to get different colors of this dress its so nice. And it arrived right on time for date night:)


The XL Dress was returned, the XXL large fit as intended and my daughter loved this dress.  Perfect dress for retirement or more formal occasions!!!  Looked amazing and the color was spot on.. my sister loved them so much so bought two more!!


This dress is a good quality and looks amazing .  I am 5'6 and 127 lbs , I got the small and it fits perfect with the stretch that it has. I am a 34c in the bust and  It is a little tight in the arm pit . But overall this dress looks amazing on. Has great movement in the skirt . I would definitely recommend!


