This dress is the PERFECT little dress. I loved it SO much I ordered 2 more colors. For scale, I'm 5'4' and weigh 165 and the medium it a comfortable perfect fit and very flattering to the waist line. Absolutely recommend.


The only real downside is that the dress is not the dark berry red wine color depicted in the picture! Which is disappointing because that color I was absolutely in love with and really looking forward to. It's still a dark red color, but not the *right* dark red, its lighter and redder than what's depicted.


But everything else is amazing! The material of the body of the dress is super smooth and amazing, and the lace top is not itchy at all. And the fit is absolutely perfect, none of it feels restrictive what so ever! I'm normally not a dress person, but I knew as soon as I tried it on I am wearing this dress to many holiday functions this year :)


I opened the packaging and saw that the dress fabric all along the zipper area was worn and damaged.


I ordered a large and that is exactly what I got. It fits perfectly and the lace but isn't too itchy. My only stipulation is that it is a few inches too long for me. I'm 5'2" and the length goes past my knees to an unflattering length that makes me look shorter. This dress is more for a taller person with a longer waist as the midsection line sits just above my hips rather than at my waist.


For $20 you can't expect too much, but I still felt the quality of this dress was not worth it. A lot of other reviews mentioned the fabric was thick, however, the fabric was so thin that it showed the outline of undergarments (which were lace to begin with, so not that thick, either). The seams were also coming undone in small sections along the dress, and the mesh at the top although cute, was so delicate that a hanger would probably tear through it.


Overall, I didn't think it was worth the money so I returned it, but the dress is true to size and a pretty style otherwise. Just wish the fabric and quality had been better.


Purchased this for a friend's wedding. Tried it on and it was just all wrong. It is a nice dress, just didn't fit the way I expected. The bottom doesn't flare out like I hoped. It was too long. Also fit a little loose. I'm 4'10", 100 lbs, 34A. I ended up altering it for my daughter and she wore it to homecoming. We are the same size. I haven't tried it on myself since then. It did come on time and had in great condition.


Quality not very good. It felt like something I could have made at home after buying the fabric from Joanns.  The seams were all over the place and the cuts along the seams were uneven.


The wine with sheer top shows top half of bra and bra straps. The contrast is too great. I sent it back. I also bought the black with lace top. My nude bra shows a little but fades behind the lace and looks like my skin. I am keeping the black with lace.


It looks very different than what is pictured...presents on picture as though it's pleated but it isnt. Very "simple" looking at best. Somewhat disappointed


Another great snag off Amazon. It fit as expected and is stretchy material—hiding those curves and rolls you don’t want a dress suctioned to. I am a size 10/12 pant, 190#, 36D and 5’4”. I purchased the XL to be on the safe side.


