Short version: great quality, nice hems, great material, color is true to the picture, looks much better on than it does in the post. Be careful when washing and ironing. Definitely worth the price.


Long version: I absolutely LOVE this dress. I almost never buy clothes online, especially dresses, because you can't see the quality or fit until it shows up. I originally ordered a small and it was just barely too snug, so I did order a medium (which is pretty much perfect) and plan on sending the small back.


Things to keep in mind:


It's a hand-wash only item. Doesn't phase me, it's worth it.


It's 97% polyester. When I got the dress in the mail it was somewhat wrinkled, so I pulled out the iron and set it to the polyester setting. DON'T DO THAT. If you plan on ironing it, set it to just above warm. On medium it started to burn at the first touch, and I very narrowly missed ruining it right out of the package.


I kind of want to buy this in every color now...


Dress fit amazingly! I bought the white one. And it's a great color white. I'm 5'2, 145. Built. The dress comes right above my knees. Such a flattering dress. Possibly will buy another one in a different color! ❤️


Love this dress!! After reading the reviews I decided to order a size larger than I normally  would. I usually am a Medium,  but the Large is what fits best. Dress is very flattering for my figure.  I'm very short  (5 ft) and love how this dress falls right below the knee on me.


I wore this dress last night for mine and my husbands 3 year wedding anniversary dinner!! I loved it and I got so many compliments on it! Can't go wrong with a great fitting black dress! I will wear this with heels, boots, a jacket or flip flops and it looks amazing.


This dress came as expected but it is not the most flattering dress if you tend to hold any extra weight in the stomach area or upper arms! Unfortunately, that's where I tend to hold mine so the dress was not as cute as it was on others. I noticed the arm area allowed for a lot of "spillage". The large size fit as expected but again, I think this would be better suited for those with an hourglass shape.


The fabric of the dress is nice and thick, however. The mesh on top was also pretty sturdy and was not damaged after hanging on the hanger!


I’m 5’ and 114 lbs, Small is perfect.


Y’all!!! I was definitely expecting a cheap dress; I was ready to return it but wanted to see if it was any good—-dude the fabric is great quality and it fits great, and I will DEFINITELY be making more purchases from this brand!!! Flatters my image and is thick and im super excited to start wearing it!


I'm 5'3 and about 115 lbs. I originally ordered a size Medium, but it fitted a little loose in my opinion. So I returned the Medium for a Small and it's perfect! The fabric is more thick, it doesn't look cheaply made and is very comfortable. I've got many compliments from this dress and I am planning on buying more of these dresses in different colors!


I am 5'2 tall and weigh 121 pounds, and due to my health condition, my weight is accumulated in the tummy area (unfortunately), but the size S fits me very well! There is enough stretch in the material to adjust to your body. The A line structure of the dress is forgiving for most body shapes, too, and the bottom part of the dress expands ever so slightly, it does not just hang straight down. The length reaches just above the knees on my height. The material (except the top part, of course) is not sheer, it has a slight weight and looks more expensive than it is.


I would sincerely recommend this dress, I am very pleased with my purchase!


It's great and comfortable would be nice if it had pockets :) I wore it to a wedding and everyone was asking me where i got it. It's elastic and bit heavier material not too light. I would not wear it on a summer event. The torso to the waste proportion is kind of smaller or it felt smaller for me as I have a bigger size cleavage. Overall it felt amazing (even though I was pulling it down few times).


It would be amazing if it had pockets but still it did not matter too much. Amazing dress for its worth. NOt sure how soon I cna wear it again as It made such an impact that everyone noticed it..ahaha.


Nice quality for what you paid for. Wore it to a wedding as a brides maid. Fabric is thick, I got it in navy blue and it was very forgiving and flattering. Would consider buying in another color too. I typically wear a 10-12 and the L fit great. Could have got a M but didn't want to chance it being too form fitting.


