I tried this on and it's really pretty. It was slightly big around my waist area but not to much. It looks just how it's suppose to look. It came packaged in a zipped plastic bag and there was no issues with! My mom also used for a wedding and she looked lovely.


For the price, I am SO surprised with the quality. I expected cheap, scratchy material, at least. Both the body and the lace are soft and stretchy. I am 5'10", 165, normal dress size 8/10 (small up top and big hips) and the medium fits like a dream (I followed the sizing chart pictured to decide my size). The dress hits just above my knee so it will be perfect for the formal event I bought it for. Also, I ordered this on Monday with normal prime shipping and it was already here on Tuesday.


Wow great product and material for the price. I was very very pleased how it fit. I am a fit 5'2", 145lbs, 30" waist, 36D, 40" hips and the large fits perfectly. I have a fit booty and most dresses tend to be to short for my liking, the bottom fell about 1" above my knee!! Not tight on the bust and perfect fit on the waist. I have a short torso so it actually lays nicely. Only con is where the shear top part is, it's slightly loose (can't really notice) but I can definitely oversee that and love the dress!!! I ordered in the Salmon color and it is Salmon, not pink or orange. I want to order in every color!


Cute dress, fabric much heavier than expected, slightly large but easily altered. Would definitely recommend for all occasions.


I purchased this dress on a whim for my junior homecoming. I didn’t feel like spending a lot of money, but I wanted something that I could wear more than once. I have gotten more out of this dress than I have for any of my other dance dresses. The material is very nice and gives for a good stretch. I am 5’2” and 125lbs and I got a small - it fits perfectly. We did end up hemming the bottom just so it could be a little shorter, but that was due to personal preference and there was nothing wrong with the dress itself. Naturally, it fell just past my knees. This dress has been used for the dance, as well as awards, banquets, and formal get-togethers. 12/10 definitely recommend.


Update- the customer service is awesome they offered me a discount since my last dress had a defect. It gets 5 stars for customer service. Dress material heavy but nice for night time. I had bought one that was replaced and refund given. This is excellent for the price and if you want to look slim. Great buy.


I love!!! This dress I am 215lb 5'8 and 36D. I got an XXL and it fits perfectly. It looks beautiful and is great quality fabric. The shipment was very fast. I'm wearing this to homecoming as something simple.


I'm 5'7" and 150 lbs, I ordered a size medium and it fit perfectly. Material is great the only complaint and the reason for only 4 stars is that up top where the lace is supposed to come to a heart shaped cut the center is off and is basically on my right breast. For the money though I didn't expect anything perfect, I'd definitely order again.


I'm usually around a 12/14 with 42DDs and the XL fit juussst right. The collar is a little loose and the mesh area at the top seems like it could very easily get a run in it, but overall, I am very happy with this purchase for the price. The material is comfortable and the skater dress style is very flattering on a curvy girl!


Absolutely perfect!


The quality is amazing.


My measurements are 43/35/43, 5' tall.


I got the XL, and it fits like it was tailored.


I added a belt bc I'm extra lol


