I'm 5'6", 163, and a 38 C. I ordered a large maroon with black lace on top, which is my usual size. Gorgeous dress. The flare fits perfectly at the hip line and it's modest enough in length to be able to wear in the daylight hours without looking like you were doing the walk of shame but still sexy enough for a night out. I'm ordering another color.


This dress is very pretty and well made. The material used for the dress is soft and stretchy, making it easy to fit around anyone. The material is not super thick but it is thick enough to prevent it from being see-through.


I ordered this dress in an XS for my college graduation but ended up not wearing it because it was a bit too big and didn't look as flattering as I thought it would. I'm 5'7, 108 lb and typically wear a size 2 in dresses so I was surprised when this was loose. I tried washing it in hot water and drying it on hot twice but it unfortunately didn't help much (I forget now what the material is but it's hard to shrink in general). The only other thing I didn't like about the dress was that the banded part seemed too low (the area where the dress transitions to the bottom skirt portion of it) - I think because of that, this dress is better suited for someone with a bigger chest than me (I'm a 32B) to help fill in the upper half of the dress. I have the dress in storage at the moment otherwise I would have posted photos for a better visual.


So all in all, the dress is very pretty and good quality, however I suspect it is better suited for curvier girls.


I searched for weeks, read every review I could and debated for a long time before ordering this dress.


I am 5'1" 153lbs, Bust - 37 inches, Waist - 32 1/2 inches. The Medium fit PERFECTLY the material is soft and stretchy I was worried about the medium being able to slide up over my hips and butt (Hips 39 1/2 inches) the dress slid on like a glove, I could also zip up the back by myself. The dress was not too short nor too long, it wasn't tight under my arm pits, the lace up top was not itchy at all it was soft and smooth.


I wore this for a wedding and it was perfect I got compliments the whole night, I would HIGHLY suggest ordering from this place I couldn't be more satisfied.


Great, great dress! Fit is on point for the most part and very flattering. I feel as if maybe I'd like to size down? Though I don't know how much smaller the size down would be so it may just be that I prefer a slightly tighter fit. Chest area is not as wide as other dresses I've tried of similar styles and I like that. It drapes beautifully and looks very feminine. The cloth is very soft,comfortable, stretchy and easy to wear. It is slightly on the heavier side for a dress but I like that about it. I feel it is a testament to the high quality. I pair this up with a corset and a bra harness and looks so beautiful. The mesh makes the harness look like part of the dress so it makes it look even better. You can wear this dress so many ways, every women should have one!


For reference, my measurements are 38, 35, 40 and 5'6" and I bought a large.


This dress is awesome! It is extremely flattering. The fabric has just a touch of stretch to it which makes it comfortable and wrinkle feee. It’s the perfect amount of sexy and flirty with a touch of polish and glam. Love this dress! I bought one in Black to wear to a fancy event. I received so many compliments that I bought another one in red to wear to a Christmas party. Buy it! You won’t be sorry!


Surprised at the quality. Great fit. Large fit 145 lbs 5'2. Stretchy material.


I ordered the wine red dress in XS (B: 32, W: 26, H: 38) and it fits perfectly. It's simple yet really pretty with the added lace at the top. I wish the red was a little darker like the picture shown on here though. I wore a petticoat underneath to fluff it out a bit. Perfect for going out and the material has a slight stretch to it.


I’m 5’10” and weigh about 200lbs and I got the XL but I could’ve gotten away with the L if I wanted a snug fit... but I’d rather the dress be slightly loose than too tight in case it’s *that* time of the month and I get bloated lol. Wore it for XMas and received a ton of compliments! I wore leggings with mine since that’s a personal preference, but it could be worn as a mini dress if you’re brave. I defitnely plan on purchasing more colors in the future!


I loved everything about this dress, it fit perfect! I was skeptical about ordering a dress online also to go with a large or XL... I'm 5'9" and weigh 180 pounds and by the reviews I had read said the dress was stretchy so I went with the large and it looked amazing! Can't say enough good things about this dress, it was cute, stylish and for the price the material is nice and thick not flimsy at all, definitely looks way more expensive than the price I paid for it. Would for sure buy from this seller again, not to mention I got it in 2 days for an event I was attending so 2 thumbs up!


I've always been skeptical of buying clothes, especially dresses, online because one can't try it on before they buy it. I decided to take a leap of faith with this dress considering it's reviews and the fact I was in a pinch and really wanted to wear a different/new dress for a quickly approaching special occasion. As others have said before me, it hugs in all the right places (5'6'' and flat chested, an XS worked perfectly!) I have a long torso so it also annoys me to no end that I can never find a dress that doesn't have some sort of seem running straight across my upper stomach. While this dress does have a seem there, there is a minimal bunching of fabric in that area so the seem is pretty much seamless and is NOT a nuisance.


One complaint I do have is that the material the dress is made out of does have an odor. I've washed it twice now and it has faded a bit (I've been too scared to dry it with a dryer sheet to make it smell nicer because it says no tumble dry) but I have noticed that if you spray your favorite perfume on the fabric, it'll mask the odor well enough. Other than that though, the quality of the fabric is impeccable. It does NOT feel like a $20 buy. There is a heft to the fabric which makes it feel more durable and the lace isn't scratchy, both of which are pluses in my book!


I really love this dress and have worn it more in the short time I've had it than I've worn any other dress I've bought. I've also received many compliments! I do believe that this dress if you are considering it, is worth the buy!


