I absolutely love this dress! The lace is stretchy as well as the rest of the dress.  I am 5'3 and 120-30 lbs and the small fits perfectly! I have a little waist but my butt is what carries all my weight which normally causes problems for my clothes, but this dress doesn't fit uncomfortable anywhere.  I went for a shorter dress because I know that usually the models are taller than me.  It lands exactly at knees length for me!  Some may say the material is too heavy, but to me that just means it's wrinkle free(and makes it's own pleats).  I was slightly worried about being able to see my bra straps through the lace, but just make sure you have a bra that matches the colour of the dress and it'll be fine.  I am always so careful when buying things online but I would have to say that I am extremely happy with this dress.


Beautiful dress. Material is thicker so nice for cooler weather. I am 5"6 160 and ordered the medium and dress fits tts. Fast ship and packaged nicely l.


I was super nervous to buy this dress. Buying clothes online is already kind of sketchy but especially on Amazon. I was very surprised when my package came!! The quality of the fabric is very comfortable and it fits me perfectly. I'm using it for a bridesmaid dress! I am petite 5'2" and 107. I ordered an XS.


Gorgeous dress! I ordered the wine red color, and in person I'd say it's a bit lighter, but it's a lovely cranberry shade and I love it. I didn't see any posted pictures of this particular color combo so I wanted to post a review with a picture. I had a little trouble getting the camera to capture the color right, if anything it is a bit darker than the picture shows.


The lace is soft, the dress is surprisingly thick (as many reviews have said) and it's very comfortable. You could get away with wearing this with a nice nude bra rather than needing to go with a strapless, which is always great. I ended up returning the dress, a bit heartbroken, because even though the fabric is nice and pretty forgiving, it hugged my hips a BIT too much for my tastes and it just wasn't for me.


Awesome dress! Made nicely and fits great. Slimming and can't believe how much I like it for how much I paid. The bottom 5" of the dress is slightly wrinkled but nothing that can't be taken care of.


Love this dress thinking of ordering a different color!! It fits good ,feels good, and arrived in just a few days! Definitely needs a light iron or wrinkle spray just to freshen it up but that's no problem!! I'm 5ft 7" 190lbs 4months postpartum I ordered a size XL


This dress is very cute! Conservative and VERY comfortable! I do wish it was a little shorter, but nothing a seemstress can't do for you (or do yourself) I just didn't have time to get it done. I wore it for my bridalshower and everyone loved it!


I bought this dress based on the photos everyone posted so I am hoping my photo helps the next person make a decision.


Very happy and would recommend!


This dress came quickly and I loved it from the start! It's exactly as pictured. The material is thicker and heavier than other dresses you may order. The lace at the top is very soft and not itchy. The zipper was a little tough. I was extra careful when handling the zipper, just to be safe.


I am 5'7 and 131 lbs. I wear a 34B bra and I ordered the small. I typically order Medium's, but based on other reviews, I was afraid the medium would have been too big. Well, the small was a bit too small. The chest and length were great, but it bunched up a little on my lower back, which tells me my hips were a little too wide for it. I believe the sizing guide provided though is a pretty good match. My hips fell into the medium range, but everything else was in the small so that's what I went with. The material is stretchy, but because it has that zipper, you really need it to fit correctly over your hips, otherwise it rides up.  I have since returned it and ordered a medium. I should have it today and will update.


Minus my own measuring issues, this is a beautiful dress, well made and I'm excited to wear it next month to a wedding. I posted as 'Fit As Expected' even though it was too small, because had I followed the measurement guide given, it most likely would have fit fine.


I absolutely love this dress!!! Wore it for my birthday dinner recently and all my friends were asking about it. My fiancee love how the dress look on me. I am so glad I got the light green color look so good on me.


Got it for a bridesmaid dress and the bride loves this one. It's cute and feels well made. 200lbs, 5'5", 38D fits well other than the shoulder lace area is a bit loose/long, if I pull it down so the shoulder seams are on my shoulders the lace portion goes below my bra line (so my bra shows), if I pull it so my bra doesn't show there's some extra fabric/lace.  I got this dark one in the XXL.


Apparently I can only make one review even though I got two different styles so I'll write the review for the other here.


The bright red one looks awesome and fits a lot better and I got this in the XL.  I'll probably wear this to the reception since the darker one looks more wedding-y and the bright red one looks good for a fun night out.


