As described, great fit.  Quick shipment and good quality.  I needed a purple dress for an all purple event.  Loved the lace and the fit.


Fit like a glove! I'm 5'8'', 130lbs, 32 chest and the small fit perfect. My only complaint would be that the zipper didn't zip up and down well- got stuck trying to both put it on and take it off


What a great dress for the money.  I should order it in every color.  Nice heavy fabric and the lace top add a sexy touch.  I am 5 6”, wear a 6/8.  The Medium Fit well.  It’s a fitted dress.  I put a narrow belt with it.  It comes about the knee; not too short, not too long.


Can't say enough good things about this dress. Great fit and price.


Maybe if my torso was longer it would have fit better. As it was, the fabric clung to the pouch of fat under my belly button. Not super flattering; had to return.


I was hesitant to buy a dress online, being a curvy short girl, who varies in sizes due to being muscular. I was pleasantly surprised with how well this dress fit! The fabric was soft, stretchy, and light weight. Really excited to wear it to an event in 2 weeks


Elegant, beautiful, well made dress. Fits profect. Ordered for my daughter, she loves it. Some how, by mistake ordered quantity of 2. Definitely keep one and return second. But again - beautiful dress .


This dress is amazing! The fabric is heavy and the mesh part is high quality and probably won't rip easily. I love how it fits I just wanted it a little bit shorter (I'm 5'3, I ordered a small, and it went down to my knees) so I'm having it altered so it will be about mid-thigh. This dress is a little more on the fancy side, so I would wear it for special occasions rather than casual occasions, but I'm sure you can work it however you want.


True to size. I'm 5' 1 and 155lbs and got a M. The materials a thicker type material so it's slightly heavy feeling. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the length, I wish it was a little shorter BUT I believe it's due to my height.


I was very nervous to buy a dress online for my work event but I needed a red dress and they are hard to find. The many reviews and picks helped me commit.  It came today and is perfect!! I could not be happier.  Thank you!


