so cute and the fit is so flattering for many body types!


:)


Comfortable and fit well


Beautiful dress, just very skin tight. I got a small, but might have needed to get a medium. Also, it doesn't have any pads in it, so unless you want straps showing, you're gonna want a full-coverage strapless bra. If you get the dress in any color other than black, all the lines (waist up) show.


The dress fit great and my daughter can’t wait to wear at the daddy daughter dance this month.


Beautiful dress!!!! Great material and great price!


This dress is amazing! If you're thinking about getting it, do it! I'm 5'3", ~140lbs, 34 B and approx 34-29-40, usual pant size is usually an 8 P and usual shirt size is either an M or L regular. (I include these stats because they really helped me pick the right size, so thanks to everyone who wrote a review and included this info.) I ordered a medium in black and the fit was perfect - fitted but not tight at all. And it's COMFORTABLE! (I'm a little self-conscious about my tummy and this dress was very flattering.) I purchased it because I was attending a summer wedding at a Catholic church and wanted something cute but a little bit conservative. This dress was perfect for that.


Other points of note:


- The length of the dress was perfect for my height (just above knee length when standing and seated). It might be substantially shorter on a tall woman, possibly hitting at mid-thigh.


- IMO, it is on the borderline of "appropriate for work". I lean towards not wanting to wear it to work. The silhouette and length, to me, is definitely of a party dress. But if you were in a fashion-forward office I think you could pull it off (especially if you wore opaque tights underneath). I would wear this in a heartbeat to a work party, though.


- Looking over some of the photos, I wonder if the pleating is done differently on some sizes and colors. For the black medium, there are no pleats sewn into the skirt; it's constructed like a circle skirt, and it basically hangs like one. My hypothesis is that the "pleating" looks more pronounced if the dress is tight.


It was too big being supposedly small size. Looks like a $9.99 dress instead of the price it sells for.


perfect black dress


It runs a little big. I took my measurements and compared them to the chart and ia still a little big on the chest and waist. If you are a short person, like me, the dress will cover your knees. I should have bought a smaller size. Overall is a nice dress.


