I am 5'3 128lbs and got the Navy in a small. It fits like a glove. I could probably go up to the medium but I don't want any added length. I have a small chest, if it was any bigger I would definitely size up. The small is comfortable to me, so I plan on keeping it. I love the Navy color. So pretty.


Loved the dress but must be made for a longer torso. When I slouch the back lays flat but when I stand strait with proper posture it bulges mid back on the zipper. So bummed, ended up returning.


Hello! I'm 5'4" and Weight 158 lbs.  When it comes to fitting a dress, my assets can be my biggest challenge. I wear a US size 36 H bra. If there isn't enough stretch a dress will gap at the arms, so it looks like I don't know what size dress I wear, or hang from the boobs, making me look really heavy. I ordered a Large. The fit is about as good as it gets. The color is a True Navy Blue. The dress is soft and comfy, sleek and flattering!  I love the silky feel of the lace at the top. I'm going to look great at my clinic's spring open house!


I wore this to a wedding reception and got a lot of compliments on it. It isn't as dark of purple in the online picture, it is more of a magenta but I loved the color! It was very comfortable. I am 5'6", 140 lbs, 36DD and the medium fit me perfectly. It does have some stretch so I wouldn't order bigger. I can't wait to wear it again!


This dress fits perfectly! It's heavy and thick material, very well made! I ordered the purple and blue. I don't know which one I love more. They can be dressed up for dressier events or also perfect for a casual day out. I'm a bit on the taller side (5'8'') and usually wear a size 12 jeans. I'm very big chested and was worried about the tightness of the chest area, so I ordered an XL. It fits perfectly in the chest, a bit loose in the stomach but looks great on! The length is a tad short, but not to the extent that I can't wear it! I'm very happy I decided to order this dress!


Dress was absolutely beautiful! My daughter wore it for her H.S. graduation. Heavy material no cheap material and the dress arrived on time. Thank you! Will definitely order from this seller again!!!


This dress is really cute! I love how it's pleated and is form fitting, but not overly so. My only complaint is that it was pretty long on me. I'm 5 feet tall, and it came down to my knees. So, this dress is probably best for average to tall people.


It's not often that I feel as eager to write a product review as I do about this one.  I impulsively ordered this dress late last week as a potential option to wear for Valentine's Day when I saw that this particular color and style combination was on sale, and tried it on a few hours after it was delivered.


To say I was surprised by the quality and fit of the garment was an understatement: it fit me perfectly, made me feel beautiful, and was richly colorful.  The zipper was a little stubborn upon first try, but zipped back up and down again without incident.  I am so in love with this dress that I've already added another color to my cart, and plan to invest in the black one as well.  It is easily the best dress I have ever purchased.


I wish I got the large and not the xl but you all were out and I needed it by Easter Sunday. Still gorgeous; I'll just order down from now on!  Quality is excellent as well.. I plan to purchase more in the near future!


This dress is amazing...nought this dress for my daughter's high school graduation - it was absolutely perfect! Nice heavy quality fabric...made well...would have expected to pay more!


For size reference: consistently a misses size 16...XXL...was perfect! Height 5'2"...hit right below the knee.


