This dress fit amazing! I needed it for a merengue dance I was performing and it was exactly what I was looking for.  The dress comes longer than shown in my picture, I took about 3 inches off the length because I am only 5ft tall and the dance I was doing called for a mid thigh length dress.  But if I was going to wear it for a more casual/formal occasion I would have definitely kept the length. I got a lot of compliments wearing this dress. I usually wear a small in dresses so I ordered a small and it fit perfect !


Nice and soft. Bought it for a wedding, but the material wasn’t wedding worthy. So, used it for a nice dinner. Fits as expected. Wasn’t too tight or too loose. And it’s really comfortable. Definitely recommend this product, just not for a fancy occasion.


A medium fit pretty good for me! (I'm 5'4'' and 145lbs, if that matters) .. The dress goes to about 2 inches above the knee, which for myself is a perfect length. The material this dress is made of is definitely on the thicker side, so not much see through, and it seems pretty durable although I've only worn it a few times. It's actually comfortable and very simple, and I believe it can fit almost any occasion - it sure did fit my homecoming dance. Worth the price!


Wore the wine red one with lace to my uncle's wedding. Was comfortable and looked beautiful. I could wear a bra with it but I'd recommend either nude or matching the dress if you absolutely don't want it to show under the lace. Doesn't show much cleavage but still very sexy. It's honestly the type of dress that makes you want to twirl around in until you get dizzy. I honestly love it so much that I want a black one to wear to homecoming...


This dress at first glance was super super pretty on myself. Though the more I looked at it, I realized that this dress was like most clothing. Because I am shorter (5"1) I got a small, I realistically should have gotten an extra small even though that seems way too small. This material is heavy weight and caused the dress to lay just on the top of my knees which I would have wanted shorter but it'll do. This dress being $20 is a very nice and decent dress for its cost.


Nice dress. Bought an extra small for my 15yr old daughter who is 5'5" 103lbs for a school dance. The dress fit perfect and no alterations needed. She was so happy with this purchase and the two colors she chose, red and wine red.


Perfect fit. Nicely made. Great fabric.


The dress was gorgeoussss!!! fit perfectly and helps hide flaws such as a muffin top and fat tummy. I usually wear large but sized up and got an xl . 5'5 and 200lbs with d cup . great choice.


Super cute and comfy I loved it.


I was very close to buying a large, but ended up getting an XL instead and I'm very glad I did. I'm 5'9, about 175 pounds, 36B cup, wide hips and thick thighs and an XL was very comfortable and slightly loose. I could have gotten away with a large if I wanted a tighter, more figure hugging fit. The material was very giving and complimented my curves nicely. It makes your waist look skinny and then has a nice gradual flare for the skirt. Definately would buy this again in black.


