Arrived on time. It came in its own packaging within the packaging. It was not wrinkled Wren I took it out. The dress fit nicely, I was concerned when I ordered it. Absolutely appropriate for a wedding. The material is heavier which is also nice. Good quality. Would order again


I'm 5"1 and 101 lbs. I ordered the extra small size for this dress and although it's very soft and comfortable, it is too big for me. It goes several inches below my knee and it could be a bit more tight fitting. It's a great dress,  but if you're petite like me it may be too big for you as well!


Received package quickly, beautifully sealed in a thick zip lock type bag. Dress is perfection! Fits me beautifully, only slightly wrinkled, soft but heavy fabric, well stitched and made, not cheap feeling at all! Don't let the price put you off,  buy it and you'll be happy you did !


Very pretty dress and fits perfectly.  This dress does not look inexpensive.  Quality dress for the price plus very fast delivery.


I am 5'5, 122 lbs I bought dress in white in a size small and it fit like a glove. I love the stretchiness. I purchased this dress in hopes to wear it to my bride shower or rehearsal dinner on the beach. Lots of material on the bottom half. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the dress is longer than expected. All of the photos show the dress falling about 4 inches above the knee and for me it fit only about 2 inches above the knee, which is not the most flattering on my silhouette. I will probably get it altered to be hemmed up an inch or two. Overall high quality. Will post a pic later


This is a great dress for an hour glass shaped figure. I chose the navy with navy lace and it is a beautiful dress. I also bought the royal blue and it was not quite the color I was looking for but I will definitely buy other colors in this dress.


I have to admit I am not a fan of purchasing clothes online, but I know with Amazon they have really easy exchanges so I took a chance. I have to say I LOVE this dress. Its so beautiful, the color is a great light blue color and the fit is perfect as well. Now I just have to wait till graduation to wear it.


This dress is gorgeous and fits great! I am a size 12-14 and normally wear XL. I am going to wear this to my Rehearsal Dinner with black stockings & heels. I honestly may purchase another color!


It is a nice dress but a little too heavy in material. And it is flattering and then not so.  If I keep it I will have to wear in the winter with boots and hemline taken up. It could have been more flowing.


Love this dress! I'm 5ft 0in,120lbs and ordered a small. The dress felt high quality and fit perfect.


