A true XL fit.  Material is stretchy and comfortable.  A little lumpy in the back on account of the (unnecessary) zipper.


Great dress overall, especially for the price!


Absolutely love. It fits perfectly. The material is soft and stretchy. The lace on top isn't ichy and made of good material. I got it for a concert and have worn it a few times since. It's a great black dress for any occasion and can be dressed up or down depending on the event.


This was a GREAT dress.  My wife ended up returning it only because she wouldn't have been able to wear a normal bra with it because of the mesh up top.  If you don't mind wearing a strapless, it would be a fantastic, figure flattering LBD!


I'm 5'1 and usually wear an 8 or medium/large. Although I should have ordered a Medium I opted to go up a size just in case because I was worried the bust area would be too small. Plus didn't want certain curves to show. However I was wrong.  The dress would have been great at a medium since it appears that the dress has a lil stretch. Possible long for my height due to the sizing. Will return for more appropriate sizing. The material is pretty good for the price. The lacing is nicely done and the bottoms material is on the thicker side.


I loved this dress so much I brought one in another color. Fit me perfectly and really accentuated my curves. I would highly recommend this dress for a wedding or special event. The material is a bit thick and keeps its shape really well.


I ordered the navy blue with the lace detail at the top. I was surprised that the fabric didn't seem cheap, and the cut was flattering! I ordered a M and it fit great - I'm 5'6" and 140 lbs. The dress flares out a bit from the waist down, which makes it fun for special occasions. I plan to wear it to a wedding this summer, and am happy with the dress especially for this price.


I really love this dress. It’s cute and not too short. I’m 5’0 and 170 lbs and ordered a large. I wear a 38DD and it wasn’t tight in the chest area. It was stretchy and had a zipper in the back. Super cute and happy with this purchase.


I was skeptical at first before I bought this dress. I was afraid that it wouldn't be what was advertised or be cheap made. I was very pleasantly surprised by this dress and how nicely it was made. The fabric is thick and heavy in a good way. It's comfortable and adorable! I really like this dress. If you're thinking about buying it do it.


As far as fitting goes I ordered the xxl and I usually wear a L-XL shirt and 12-14 pants. I also like my clothes to not be tight and this size worked perfect.


Very pretty dress. 5'2 and about 120 lbs and the small was a perfect fit.  Not too short or too long - great length.  The zipper does get a little stuck as it goes from the material to the netting portion which is why I am giving it 4 stars.  It was wrinkled when it arrived but I just put it in the dryer and all the wrinkles came out.


Very flattering! hangs nicely.


I am petite/short, but overweight in the mid section and busty and this is super flattering with the heavy soft material, it hangs just the right way. (I ordered a L and am only 5 1 weighing 200, I usually have to wear an XL). Highly recommend, great price too for the quality!


