Got a completely different dress. Was not pleased at all. Returned immediately.


The material is a nice thicker stretchy material. I am 5'6" and the LG I got hits just above my knee. I have broader shoulders so it was a little tight there but even the lace has some stretch to it, it felt better after wearing it for a bit. Perfect first date dress. I took it on a cruise so I rolled it up in my suitcase and it barely had a wrinkle when I took it out. If I start wearing dresses more often I might pick up a few more


After seeing so many positive reviews, I had to get this dress. I plan on wearing it out for my 21st birthday. Boy, does it fit like a glove! It's a ltitle short on me, but I'll be wearing something under it, so that didn't bother me. I had to contact the seller about something, and she answered me right away and resolved my problem without question. I'd order all of their dresses if I could.


Wow! This dress is amazing. And for such a great price! Fits and feels great. I've been self conscious about my weight/shape lately but this dress is so forgiving! Love, love, love!!! I got wine on wine..a little lighter than I expected but still perfect to me. I used 1 day shipping and it came promptly in perfect condition.


I bought this to see if it would work as a bridesmaid's dress for my wedding. I didn't want to make the girls spend $100+ on a dress for my one day, The fit was a little loose on me, but overall it's a very very cute dress. I think all of my bridesmaids will look great in it.


Beautiful dress, the fabric is nice and looks great. I am 5'4" 135lb and tend to carry my weight in my mid section. I ordered a medium and love the way it fits. Excited to wear this dress!


Love this dress. It is exactly what I was looking for. I ordered it in black and I'm about 5'4" and roughly 130-135 pounds. A small was perfect on me. The length came just above the knee. Wasnt a tight fit but it shaped my body. I loved this dress


Beautiful dress!  Fits nicely and doesn't gap under the arms or in the back.


This dress is very short.  I decided against wearing it because I was afraid that if I had to bend over my whole behind would be out.  Not good for a woman with ample backside.  It is a pretty dress though.  Maybe appropriate for a bar not formal event.


I really love this dress!  I was so incredibly surprised by the quality of this dress!  The weight of the fabric makes the dress swing perfectly!  It's more formal than I expected but it'll be perfect for the wedding I'm attending in May.


