The dress is perfect. It has a nice flowing fabric. It appears to be made well. Flows nicely over the curves of a woman:) I'm 5-6 and 160. I ordered a large.


So when it arrived I really liked the color. That being said I did my measurements and ordered my size, when I received it the top part was a little big because I'm small chested. So I decided to throw it in the dryer just a little before it even dried completely I pulled it out....it shrunk a lot. So that being said MY FAULT. I'm also really tall so when it said comes to knee I expected it to be a little short. Over all it was really comfortable and light!! The picture taken in my bathroom was before I shrunk it.


Wore this for graduation and it was perfect!  The dress was an off-white color, so finding a matching pair of shoes was difficult.  Overall it is pretty comfortable, not see through, and fabric is heavy.  The mesh at the top is kind of cheap, but pair it with some pearls and you barely notice.  I'd probably wear it again to a casual event.


It's a little weird to write a four-star review for a dress I ended up returning, but here goes! I'm 5'4" and 110lbs, and ordered a Small, which was a bit too big on me. If I ever re-order, I'd go with an X-Small. Even at a hair too big, the dress fit decently well since it's made of a stretchy, giving fabric. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the fabric. It was much thicker and heavier than I had expected for such an inexpensive dress, and it had a nice sheen to it. I found it to be really comfortable and luxurious feeling all at once, which is a great combo! The dress fell just above my knees, which was a little longer than I had hoped for. Ultimately, I returned this cute dress because of the fullness of the skirt a la fifties. It was too much fabric for my body type and it felt like I was being swallowed up. At the weakest twirl, the skirt floated up and could easily expose my nether regions. That said, I still really liked this dress, and am still bummed it didn't work out. I loved the simple fit-and-flare silhouette and mesh neckline. If I ever have a vintage/fifties inspired event to attend, I may just try this number again!


This is just fabulous!! I couldn't be happier. Fits perfect! Ordered a medium!! I'm 5"4 about 150lbs :-)


I love this dress!


I absolutely love this dress. I bought the light green color one for my aunt's wedding last summer, it was a very pretty mint shade. it fit perfectly! I am petite and curvy, so it's usually hard for me to find a dress that fits in all the right ways. I bought this dress again in black to wear for the holidays and just to have on hand. These are my go-to party dresses, it can easily be dressed up for weddings, or worn for cocktail attire parties, too.


It covers the curves I don't want to show, but the illusion neckline shows off the girls in a tasteful way, too. This dress is definitely an option for my upcoming rehearsal dinner, and may purchase another color for my bridal shower since it is a reliably good dress. I highly recommend this dress for any ladies who may want to hide a tummy (as I have a small tummy), great for hour glass figures, too, to show off the waist. The material is so very soft and comfortable, I had to drive three hours to my aunt's wedding and not only was it comfortable, but after standing for a few minutes the wrinkles fell pretty well. I actually ordered it last minute and received it the morning I was leaving for the wedding, hung it up for about 30-45 minutes and most of the wrinkles were either gone or hardly noticeable.


I'm 5'10'' and have been trying to buy dresses off Amazon for the past few weeks. Everything I buy either hits above my natural waistline, is too short, or both. THIS DRESS THOUGH. This dress is AMAZING! My measurements are 34-26-38 and I got a S. It fits like a glove! The fabric is thick and sturdy. I love that it hits my natural waist and that it's not so short everyone can see my butt.


Updating my review. I ordered this dress twice. Both in light green and in size small.


The first one I received was damaged with pilling fabric all the way down the chest. It felt smaller than expected also.


After the seller contacted me I decided to try the dress again and reordered it in the same size. This one arrived beautiful. No wrinkles, snags, or pilling. It didn't even feel snug but a perfect fit.


I bought this for a bridal shower I was hosting. I was not sure about the sizes since I can go between a M/L so reading reviews helped, I'm 5' and 150lbs and got the medium. It had a good amount of stretch, was very figure flattering and will easily hide problem areas with the flare out. My body shape is small waisted and large hips, so if you're stats look similar to mine but larger waisted, I'd size up. The length was perfect for me, but I'm short and prefer some length to hide my hips/bottom, so if you're taller than me and prefer the same length, it may be too short. The material was thick, not see through in the least bit and the lace wasn't fringed. Looked elegant and did not look like it cost what I paid, and I would absolutely purchase again.


For the price, this is high quality. I was 10 1/2 weeks post partum and wore this to a wedding. I have a lot of weight to lose but in this dress I actually felt wonderful!


