Cute, flattering on multiple body types INCLUDING BIGGER BOOBS. Also very comfortable.


Originally ordered a small and it fit like an unflattering glove so I went up to a medium and it fits great. Nice color, decent fabric. Overall good dress for the price. Measurements- 34, 29, 36, 127lb. Zipper somewhat sticky, but nicely invisible.


This dress could not be cuter! It's also dressy, casual, and has a modern/classic flair to it. My daughter is 5'1" (she's in fifth grade) and we used the size chart, which is dead-on accurate. She has worn this with flats to a school event, and she's put capri leggings under it. It's wonderful. The material is a cotton knit blend. Soft and that's what gives it a casual look, if that's what you're going for. Fancy shoes and a necklace will dress it up.


Dress fits perfectly, the fabric is soft and feels amazing against my skin..I am happy that I did not make some of the reviews deter me from buying this dress..love love love


Very pleased with this dress. I got it for my daughters graduation. They had to have white dresses and I was having a hard time finding something modest. This dress is above the knee, but definitely not too short. It's actually hits right at her knees which makes me happy. My kids are bean poles and hard to buy for and this dress fit perfect, no alterations needed.


The color and style of dress is exactly as the advertised picture. I ordered an Extra large because of my hips but a large would have been sufficient. It also arrived in stated timeframe. I am sending it back only because I needed Purple attire before I could have sent this back and received a smaller size.


Just a bit too big for me. Took too long for delivery, so I returned the item as I purchased something else. However, I tried it on, and it was a bit too large, however, I am extremely petite, so this was to be expected.


My daughter wore this to a ceremony. It just runs a little roomy, dont be afraid to order the small. I ordered Medium and we made it work, had it been the right size we both would have been happy. Material is not cheap. Ironing was easy, iron right side out, avoid the mesh or use a handkerchief as a guard. Will buy another color.


Beautiful dress and fits lovely. You would never know it  so inexpensive!


It's a very pretty dress, but the fabric buckled in places in the back and in the bust area. One size larger would've fit me.


