I'm 5'4 158 and ordered a large.  IT FIT PERFECT.  the material is REALLY NICE...NOT CHEAP....not thin....I ordered the white and mustard.  I wear dresses to work every day..,I'm going to order more colors..you can't beat the price....and the quality...you can really dress this up like I'm going to with accessories and heals or you could pull it off with some cute flat sandals...IM WEARING THE WHITE TO A MILIATARY BALL....IM BOUT TO ROCK THIS BAD BOY.....it hit a couple inches above my knees...which was perfect....DID I SAY I LOVE IT.......


My daughter bought this dress (with the mesh top) for a school dance, and it's super cute (so cute, I think I'm going to have to buy one for myself too)! She was looking for a dress that she could wear more than once, not just to the dance. This dress is really versatile, and can be dressed up or down depending on the occasion. She's 4'11", 98 lbs, and she ordered the XS. It fit her perfectly! The hem of the dress comes to the top of her knees. The mesh part doesn't come down too low either, so it's modest, while still being stylish. The material is soft, stretchy, and it seems really well made. Another great Amazon buy! The product is as described, and arrived in the time stated.


This dress is exactly how it looks in the picture. Its simple, elegant and pretty. Its made of a slightly elastic material that is thick enough that it doesnt draw attention to minor problem areas on the body. It flows well and has a slimming appearance. The sheer panel is made of a nice netted material and is not low quality or cheap. I bought the medium and it fitted well over 32DDD-28-34 frame without making me look disproportionate. The purple color looks rich and slightly shiny, and is perfect for a date or a evening party


Could not been more happy with my purchase. I was a bit skeptical at first because of the price i thought it would be like a jersey dress material but it trust me, it's not! The dress is made of heavy cotton material and was not see through. I bought it in the Navy blue and it fit like a glove! Snug in just the right places and flowing in the stomach area which was perfect for me. I'm a plus size women which normally wears a size 16 and bought in a size XL. Definitely get one!


I got so many compliments on this dress. I'm short so it's tough to find a dress that fits the length. I got an xl since I have a large top and it fit comfortably.


I bought this dress for my sisters wedding and was a little nervous after seeing other people's pictures in their reviews that it was going to be really short. It was perfect it was about knee length on me and I am 5'5 and 145 and hippy. It hit in just the right spots to be so flattering I got compliments all day on the dress. It is SO soft.. think yoga pants.. but looks dressy. I ended up having to walk my niece down the aisle bc she wouldn't go and the dress worked as an impromptu bridesmaid dress too


I'm 160 5'5, 30 gg chest size 9/10 pants I'm an hour glass shape. I got the large and it was too large very baggy. Returning for a med. Great quality pretty color.


These dresses have a nice thick material..not see through! Run a little big. Made really nice bridesmaids dresses!


This dress was exactly as described i.e., soft high quality fabric and very comfortable to wear. The material is extremely soft and flowy. The top of the dress is adequately stretchy so it fits perfectly on your body with an almost invisible zipper at the back. The skirt part is really wide which creates pleats and gives very nice flow to the dress. When you dance in this dress, the pleats sort of bounce with your moves which was amazing. I wore it to an NYE party and loved how it looked on me. Highly recommended!


OK guys, so I online shop a lot. But I usually only buy brands I'm familiar with. I was a little wary of buying a dress from Amazon, but I have 3 weddings to go to and didn't want to spend a bunch on a new dress. And let me tall you, then dress is perfect! It's a nice material, and is very flattering. I'm usually a L (34DD and about 160lb) but I sized up. I probably could have gotten away with a L but the zipper is kind of cheap and I wouldn't want it to break. I highly highly recommend this dress. I'm probably even going to buy it in more colors it's so cute.


