It's a beautiful dress made out of amazing material. Only problems we had were in the bust line. But I'm still not sure if that was due to the bra or was actually the dress, so I'm giving it a 5 star.


I picked a medium when I should have picked a small. I'm 5.2'' and weigh 120lbs. The medium was way too big, it was loose at the waist and hips and was longer than my liking. I had to have the dress tailored and then when I tried to wear it the first time the zipper broke.


The dress and material  are of very good quality so happy I just had a baby a month ago c section and this dress is so flatering in 5'6 170 puns got a medium fits perfect. I will be purchasing another color. Highly recommend


I bought this dress for a work holiday party and it was perfect. I usually wear a medium or small in most everything and the medium fit slightly loose but not too big. The material was true to color online, thick and stretchy, very well sewn and designed. I am only 5'6" and the dress hit me right at the knees, which was perfect. I have a long torso and shorter legs; the waist of the dress hit about 1" - 2" above my belly button. Would look extremely cute with a fitted silver belt. If I wore dresses more often, I would order this in more colors.


The quality of the stress is exceptional. Perfect weight.  Washes well. Doesn’t wrinkle.  Fits as expected. Can dress up, or dress down. I want to buy this dress in multiple colors. The dress is very flattering and at 5’5” it hangs just above my knee.


Very comfortable, soft material. Fit perfect. I'm 5'9" , and it's a good length. Comes o just above my knees, and doesn't ride up high when I sit down.


My 12 year old daughter had to have this dress, even though we knew the smallest size would probably be big for her.  So I can't really comment on the sizing, except that the small is a little big on my tiny 12 year old.  What I will say, is the quality is outstanding.  So good, that we're keeping it, and hoping she'll grow into it by next year.  It's a beautiful dress, very well made.


It’s a fine dress for the price. I’m 5’5” and 105 pounds. My waist is 24 inches, so I ordered an extra small, but it’s a little loose around the waist and longer than I expected. It comes an inche above the knee. It would probably fit a waist 25 better, but still, it doesn’t look bad at all.


I bought this for my granddaughter's 8th grade graduation and it fit her perfectly and she looked so pretty in it. It seemed to be  fairly well made so I hope she gets more wear out of it. Great purchase!


Excellent. Great fit, super comfy. Long enough to be work appropriate. Also, great for those of us who hate bras (thick enough to cover you if it gets.....chilly). Best 20 bucks I've spent in a while. Also love all the color options but would love to see some patterns (floral, geometric, whatever). Thank you!


