It is a nice dress, but a little short and the material is really heavy.


It’s a cute dress, the material was pretty thick so you couldn’t see through it, but the mesh part was extremely itchy so I returned it.


The material is cotton and cheap looking for evening wear.  Bad purchase.....not a good buy.  So, I returned it.


This was a nice dress however I had to send it back because I wanted it in white and it was too sheer for my taste and there were visible seams along the chest area. Probably wouldn't notice it if it were a darker color


I ordered it on a Monday, it arrived on a Thursday. I needed it for my birthday which was that Saturday. I was so disappointed that it didn’t fit. Luckily I found something that was just as beautiful in time. I liked the material of the dress. And how it was made, matched how it’s advertised. I didn’t like that it was too big. According to the size chart I needed a X-Large. But once it arrived it was to big and way to long.


I had a fancy event to go to that was in about 5 days and I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a dress.  I saw this one which had good reviews and decided to take a chance.  I was scared it might be too small or something so I also bought 2 more dresses at Macys just in case.  I thought I knew I was going to wear either the Calvin Klein or Ralph Lauren dress (on sale) from Macy's when this one arrived.  As soon  as I tried it on I knew that it was the one.  It is very flattering and the material is much heavier and nicer than you think it would be for the price.  Not only did I love it but my friends loved it too and one if them asked me if she could wear it to a New Year's eve wedding because she could not find a dress.  She tried it on and just now told me it's PERFECT. So 2 people have been able to use this dress and live it for less than 40 bucks.  Just another tip.....I used clear bra straps for extra support and they work fine.  You cannot see them under the dress.  As long as you get the right size you will not go wrong with this one.  I usually wear about a size 14 especially in pants but my hips are larger than my waist.  This one is like a 12/14 and fit perfect because it flairs out at the hips anyway.  You just have to worry about it fitting in the waist area mostly.


I ordered this dress in lavender for a wedding and was surprised that the material, though thick and sturdy, was very breathable making the dress super comfy to wear. I am 5'7" and 179lbs and I ordered the large which fit nicely but had some excess room in the dress therefor I returned it and ordered a medium which fit snugly in the way that I prefer to wear dresses.


Ive worn this on multiple occasions and it has been wonderful!


Fits just right however, the zipper bulges outward weirdly in the back. Mind you, zippers usually do this if the dress is too large, however, this dress fits perfectly. Zipper was absolutely sewn incorrectly. Was very excited about this purchase-- not anymore..


Decent quality, but the XL was too big in the bust for me at a 36C, while the waist fit OK, so I don't think sizing down will work. Busty gals only.


