OMG!!! this dress has a story... but has a Happy Ending.


Poor Customer service on Amazon behalf..their was an issue with the order.  Amazon NEVER notified me about an "issue" with order.  Didn't find out until i contacted Amazon Chat when fed ed/UPS didn't show up to deliver is when i found out the order had an issue. I WAS SO UPSET.  I PLACED THE ORDER WITH ENOUGH


After an hour of going back and forth and being passed on to  3 customer service agents, all of a sudden they asked me to go back to my orders to see if i saw anything different.  It was like the dress fairy worked her magic..POOF it was shipping. Wait but i thought it was showing it was ut for delivery and would be delivered by 8pm.  SMH!!  I am sorry but the story that AMAZON was giving me during the hour did not seem right.  That night the order left Indianapolis and was in Kentucky with in 2 hrs.  I  kept my eye on the status of shipping details.  Here i was thinking good it will arrived the following day.  Boy was i wrong....IT ARRIVED 2 DAYS after.  The truck it was out for delivery broke down!! TOOK A DAY TO GET ANY UPDATES .. OMG, I SAID TO MYSELF. THIS DRESS IS NOT MEANT FOR ME.


FINALLY IT ARRIVED THE FOLLOWING DAY IN THE EVENING.... TRIED ON THE DRESS LOVE.  WAS HAPPY WITH IT.


The dress has plenty of room, stretchy material makes it comfortable, not wrinkled, or bulky at the skirting. The lace was comfortable, soft and gave the dress that sexy look


HAS PLENTY OF ROOM


I loved


I purchased this dress for NYE and ended up sending it back.  The fit was too large and the material was so heavy.  I felt weighed down in the dress, even with it being a summer style dress.


Dress is beautiful but too big.


It came with a hole in the front so I am returning it.  The quality is nice, better than expected, and the best part is that this dress is not a mini dress or too short.  Would be appropriate for many occasions.  I found it ran large.  I followed the measurement guidelines and ordered M but it is a bit roomy for me (I usually wear size 6 dresses).  Decent dress, check for holes!


I love this dress! Wonderful material. The XS fits as expected (size 2) and is a perfect length. It is very flattering. I bought this for New Year's Eve but will definitely keep this for future occasions.


Great


I was pleasantly surprised by this dress. I've never ordered clothes through Amazon before and wan't sure what the quality & fit would be like, but this seemed highly rated and I needed a dress for an event and I didn't want to go out & spend a lot of money. It fit perfect, was very comfortable, I liked that it had some stretch, and I liked that is was very cute but still modest. It also seemed very slimming, I'm short & overweight, so finding dresses that fit properly & that are flattering to my body is tough for me. I have a few more events to go to this year, so I bought 1 in black & 1 in magenta so I have plenty of opportunities to wear them, definitely worth the gamble!


I'm 5'9 and 110. The reason I like fit and flare dresses is because they make me look curvy normally - I've actually got an OK bust, but my hips are thin. This dress was about an inch too large on the waist (S), and hung on me instead of flared. Fit my bust (32D) perfectly. I ended up giving to my sister who has better hips than I do and it looks nice on her. I think the fabric is a little too heavy to flare out like my other fit and flare dresses.


So cute


