Beautiful fit and design. It's classy and comfortable. The dress was well made with great material. I was shocked how nice it was when I recieved it. I recieved a lot of compliments on this dress. I will buy it again in different colors!


Super cute dress, looks great on and very flattering. I would recommend it. I did not size up and went with a small. It looks just as I wanted it to.


I really love this dress. It is so comfortable and universally flattering. I'm 5'3" and 120 and the small could have been a bit more snug in the waist, but overall fit very well!


This is seriously the most beautiful dress ever I wore it to a fancy cocktail party and I got so many compliments on it. I am 5'7 140 pounds and I ordered a small and it fit perfect.


really like the fabric, quality and style. It has a nice stretch to it and is very


comfortable. I am 5'10" and 158 lbs, the medium fit perfectly but I wish there


was a tall option, the proportions of the dress do not look right on my height


(waist is too high) story of my life! Sadly I have to return this


This fit nicely. I have not gotten a chance to wear it in public yet, but I am sure I will enjoy it once I can :)


Very nice. Fits perfectly. Got a size small and I'm 5'2 at about 120 pounds


Awesome dress. The color was great, and it fit even better than I had hoped. It has stretch to it, so it's a good choice for different body types. I'd consider purchasing again in a different color!


This dress is very flattering and the material exceeded my expectations! I wasn't sure what to expect for such a cheap price, but I LOVE this dress. I am about 5'2" and 115 lbs and ordered a size small-- fits perfectly! I really like how this dress falls right above the knee. Many dresses are too short, causing me to have to be very careful while dancing. NOT this one, it was the perfect length to keep covered even when dancing at weddings. Would definitely buy again in a different color.


This is a great little dress. Material is thick and sturdy. I haven't actually worn the dress to the event yet, but have tried it on at home and want it in every color.


