My daughter chose this for her concert night. This dress was perfect and comfortable. She chose to add a ribbon in the middle. This is a simple yet beautiful dress at a great price.


This dress is so elegant, I still cannot believe the price for the quality of the dress. I love the hidden zipper and the la e. On.  The top is so. Sexy. S d. Vi together; this is a dress that you csn dress up or down all year round. Excellent!


This is a really cute dress. My 14 y/o daughter wore this dress for her 8th grade graduation.  She was looking for a dress that was a little dressy but not too flashy....or one that showed half your bum. She's about 5'6 and normally wears a 0-2; she purchased a small and it fit great.Very nice dress.


The product description and details are on point. This dress is very flattering and forgiving despite being form fitting. The material stretches easily, which gives it a comfortable fit. I'm about 135 pounds, 5' tall, and wear a 30GG and found a medium to fit very well. I probably could've gotten away with a small, but I'm happy with the medium. No pics yet but hopefully I can update soon.


Very good quality for the price . Exceeded expectations . My daughter is 5'11 and I thought it might be too short but it was perfect .


So I don’t usually write reviews but omg I seriously love this dress I got it in less than two days delievery was fast it’s exactly what I wanted it’s so stretchy and silky I ordered a large and was super nervous if it would fit or not but I love this!!!!


I ordered this dress for a Christmas party. It arrived wrinkled like other reviewers had mentioned. I ordered a small and it was a little big and caused my bra to show through at the top part where it's see through. I am 5'3, 117 lbs, 32 b/c. An XS would have fit better. It's the appropriate length for anything work or family related. Very comfortable.


This dress is amazing! I wore it for my 50th birthday party and it looked amazing. The material is great quality and I got so many comments on it. I can't wait to wear it again.  The fabric is heavy on the bottom so it hangs well & has a nice stretch to it. I was so pleased with this choice. You will feel so good in it !!


Super cute dress. Fits as expected. I ordered the small and I'm 5"0 and 110 lbs with broad shoulders. The quality of the material is great and not see through like most white dresses I've seen/tried on. I wore nude panties and a nude strapless bra with it just in case though.


If I can give this dress 10 stars I would.  I have so much trouble finding flattering clothing for my body type.  I am 5'2 and 130lbs, and I have a belly.  This dress accentuates my waist while slimming my belly.  I need this in every color now.


