I have a 15 year old for whom I ordered this dress. I first ordered the M in purple, which is and 8/10 on the size chart. My daughter is a size 10 and the M was really tight on her. She is 5'5, about 150 lbs with a size 36 full B bust. She was about to burst the seams in the entire upper body area of the M. Also, the color of this purple was more like a vivid magenta; not a bad color, but not the purple shown in the amazon photo either. I returned and got the Large in purple.


The first thing I noticed was the color was different. The Large purple looked more like the purple in the photo. The difference in color wasn't a problem, but the fit was. It was pretty large. The bust was saggy, the torso too long, amd I am pretty sure the dress length was at least 2 or 3 inches longer overall than the medium. It seemed like there were 2 size differences between the M and L instead of one, like the M was a size 8 and the L was a 14. **note in the photo the bunching around the waist. We had to kind of bunch the extra fabric there**


Ultimately we kept the Large because she really did like the style and wanted to wear it in spite of the sagging. It is a heavier fabric than I expected, which was good so it doesn't feel horribly cheap. For the price, it isn't a bad dress at all; just be aware of the sizing issue we had...seems like if you are a size 10 or 12, fitting could be potentially problematic,  but everyone's body is shaped differently, so maybe not.


Good luck!


This dress fit flawlessly! I received many compliments on it and was asked numerous times where I got this dress. It fits as expected. The material is much thicker than I expected for the price. QUALITY is the best way I can describe it. I will be ordering more/similar dresses from this designer.


Really love the dress! It seems to be made out of a good quality material as it is thick, but that's one of the things I love about it so my hip bones and bra aren't visible. I am 5'2" and 102lbs and the smallest size they had for the Wine Red color was small, which ended up being just a tad too big. It fit around the bust and shoulders and the length hit just above my knees, but it was very baggy around the waist and I would probably have to wear three shirts underneath it to fill out the waist. I'm disappointed that they only carry the black color in XS (because the Wine Red is gorgeous!), but the dress is very pretty and well made, so I'm still giving it 5 stars and I'll be writing another review for when I get the XS black one in.


Cute dress! I bought it to wear to my sister's wedding. It fit wonderfully!


The dress is exactly how it looks in the picture! I'm in love with it. I wore it to my friend's wedding and it was perfect! Great length and fits well. Washes great, as well! I have worn this dress multiple time and put it in the washing machine to wash it and it is still in great condition! Well worth the purchase.


Great fit night heavy fabric. Perfect little black dress!


I ordered this ddress to wear to a wedding in January. Everyone I show it to is crazy about it. I am 69 yrs old so thought it might look to young for me. But it fits so well I think I won't worry about that. I am 5'2" and weight 150 lbs. I ordered the XL. Fits perfectly. Since I am short it comes right below my knees which is where I like. I think I will wear black stockings with it. The material is a very soft flowy fabric. Not too thick and not too thin. Great quality. I may order a little poofie slip to wear under it but really not needed. It's not see through. Did not have any wrinkles in it at all. I think I can dress this up or down. Planning to wear a bolero top with it since I don't like showing my arms also a winter wedding in Az. might be cool. It looks and feels like a ddress a lot more expensive. The sizing is correct. Thinking about putting a dressing belt with it. I suggest if you are looking for a LBD that this would be the ONE!


I bought the light blue which is a true "baby blue" color.  My daughter (16 yrs) didn't like it at all, but I thought it looked great on her.  She is 135 pounds and 5'9" tall.  The medium was a little loose in the waste which is typical for her  (the small is usually just a little snug).  The cut is good, the material is polyester and has a stretchy, thick, swimsuit-like feel to it.  My daughter hates it, but I'm going to show it to my two older daughters to see if I can find a taker because I think it's cute.


Honestly I wasn't expecting much for twenty bucks I don't normally wear dresses but needed one in my wardrobe for special occasions this dress is amazing ..


comfortable and the quality is fantastic it's just a great dress I highly recommend this purchase I still have to pinch myself because I can't believe it was only 20 bucks I want to get a couple other colors now.


I’m really bummed because I was excited about this dress- I ordered a medium based on other reviews and the size charting- I should have gone with a small.  Very loose fit at the top (and I’m pretty busty) and just overall, unflattering.  Returning now to order a smaller size.  Other than the size, I love it! Nice material, pretty lace pattern at the top- hopefully the new one will be perfect. :)


