This dress is gorgeous!! I've been looking for a fun and flirty cocktail dress for a long time now! This dress fits perfectly and is extremely flattering! I am a 40D and rather curvy and it fits like a glove the material is thick enough that I can wear it all year long!! My husband couldn't take his eyes off of me!


I hesitantly purchased this dress because I needed something for formal night on a cruise.  I say hesitantly because I usually like to try on dresses before buying.  I read all of the great reviews, and the pictures people posted of the dress looked great so I decided to take a chance.  I purchased in the black color. When I got the dress it was neatly packaged, folded nicely.  When I tried it on I was pleased at how thick the fabric was.  It did not feel cheap at all.  And so soft!  The zipper will need help from someone else to do (for me, at least).  When I went into the bathroom to look at myself in the mirror I gasped because I was so happy with how it looked!  I've never felt so beautiful in a dress!  I am usually a size 10, and ordered the size Large.  I probably could have ordered a Medium as this is a tad loose, but not enough to return it.  I didn't want it too snug around my midsection so this is great.  I highly recommend!!


This dress is ok. There is a "belt" for lack of a better word that you cannot see in the picture. On me, it sat right below my natural waist, it made the whole dress unflattering on me. I'm disappointed, i really wanted this dress to work out.


Love it!


Awesome dress! Fit perfectly and amazing material!


This dress is flattering and sexy without being "trashy."  The length is just above the knee.  I am 5'4" and weigh 120 lbs. and ordered a size S.  It fit just fine.  I would have liked to have tried on a size M, but don't have time to do that now.  I would say to the designers of this dress to please make some of these dresses with short sleeves and 3/4 length sleeves.  Not everyone has "Michelle Obabma" arms!  This dress looks expensive.


Cute dress!


Bought this dress for my daughter.  It arrived without a single wrinkle.  The fabric looked high-end which was a happy surprise given the low price.  The sizing is accurate/fit was great.  The torso was perhaps an inch longer than ideal but not a deal breaker.  Loved it!


I like the fabric. I just don't like the way the dress fit me. The length hits the knees, I wanted something a bit shorter. And, I also don't like the way the flare of the dress makes me seem so wide. I'm a petite person but the skirt look of the dress made me seem quite strangely broad in proportion


I bought it for a Christmas party. The color is a very vibrant blue-based red which looked great on my exceptionally white winter skin! The material felt kind of like a thick t-shirt, which was soft, but it didn’t look as classy as I had been hoping. I felt the need to glam it up so I bought a sparkly belt liked you’d wear with a wedding dress.


