I LOVE THIS DRESS. It fits so well, looks classy and the material is great. The top isn't scratchy and is perfectly laced. Zipper works, good length dress. (I have an insulin pump and glucose monitor attached to my stomach so the bulk you see in the photos is not from the dress- ill have to relocate them when I wear the dress out) great buy. Going to be my college grad dress


Beautiful dress for dressy occasions. The a-line flare is figure flattering and the allusion neckline makes it special. It's just a tiny bit snug on me around the middle, but the right under garments made it work. Not small enough to have to go a size up. I don't like my dresses snug anyway, so it may be ok for most. The navy is a lovely midnight blue color.  My daughter liked it so well on me that she ordered one in purple for herself to wear at a wedding. Also a beautiful color and fit her as expected.


I ordered this for a last minute wedding. In purple. I thought ooh man I was going to look like Barney standing in the like with the other girls. But when I got to the wedding I got so many compliments on how stunning the dress was. It is a beautiful dress not just for special occasions. I will definitely wear it more than the one time I planned on wearing it. I ordered a large it was sum what lose but still looked beautiful. I would totally recommend this dress. And to top it off I wore it right out of the package no need for the iron.


Very heavy material, but I was grateful as it was cold. I actually used this for a ten minute wedding in the park. It is casual enough to wear again, but with the right jewelry, hair and makeup, it looked very classy for my elopement pictures. It was fitting, but did not show my body lines.


The quality of this dress is amazing for the price, however I just found it to be a little bit oddly proportioned. I'm 5'7", 148lbs, and roughly 36, 29, 38 measurements. I am usually a size 6/8 depending, so I opted for a medium. While the waist and bottom of the dress fit beautifully but the top half just wasn't very flattering. I am a 34DD and it just felt too loose up top. The material is very stretchy so if you are in between I'd recommend maybe going down a size since the top runs large. I didn't have time to reorder a smaller size before my event so I did end up returning this dress.


I loved it. I also purchased in blue as well


Fit great, looked great loved it ♡♡♡♡


Real nice dress,comfortable material,color is true white(not off white or cream). It fits a little slack(M),I'm 5ft 4' about 145-150lbs with a behind (Caribbean woman). Bought it for church,haven't worn it as yet,but when I do! I'll belt the waist with a colored belt add a pop of color to it. Thanks!


I am 5'10" and a little over 200 lbs. I am twelve weeks pp with second child. I bought an XL and this dress is great.  It really hids the problem areas. The length is right above when I sit and stand.  The material seems great, not chintzy looking.  The zipper was easy.  I am looking forward to wearing this for a wedding in three weeks!


The dress came on time, does NOT look like it was only $20 and the fabric has a great feel. It can be dressed up for an elegant event, casual date night, funeral etc. I am 5'3'' and 145lbs and for the most part it fit as expected. It was a little looser for me in the waist area - however that's probably best for when I put on my winter weight :P The length was also very nice, I don't have many appropriate length "longer" dresses and this one hit 4-5 inches above my knee!


