Perfect dress for graduation. I ordered my size, and it fit just fine. Pictures to come later on, my graduation isn't until May


Bought this dress for my daughter.  She really likes it and is happy with the sheer top and the flare out skirt.


Bought this for my daughter in college.  She loved it.  Fell nicely and looked elegant but young.  The pictures she sent me was just wonderful.  Great buy.  I would recommend this to any teenager/young adult.  It comes in all colors which is also a bonus!!!


I love this dress! I'm actually thinking to order another one in a different color. It fits well just almost a little tight around my arms but it's still good if I don't get any big muscles soon haha


Love this dress. After reading reviews, I ordered a size larger than I normally would wear. However, dress fit fine, and I think my normal size would have been ok as well due to the stretchy material. Only 4 stars because the mesh on the neck is a little itchy.


I love this dress! I got white because I wanted to wear it for a specific event. I love the fit. It's nice and flowy and the lace on top adds a nice touch.  IT's a reasonable price as well and fits as expected.


My daughter in law loves the dress. It hits right above her knee. She just had a baby so I got a size 16. It’s super comfortable.


Adorable dress, fits great. I'm 5'7" an hourglass shaped size 12 and got a Large. Material is substantial and holds its shape.


This dress was perfect. I am 5’10”, and weigh 210 pounds. I ordered a large, and an extra large. The extra large fit perfectly, so I returned the Large (hassle free!). It is stretchy, and giving, so it is flattering as well. IThe dress was not too short; it hits right above the knee. This dress was easily steamed, to get rid of all of the wrinkles. It was extremely comfortable and very pretty.


This dress was okay, I guess if it fit me a little better I may have liked it more. I've ordered a lot of dresses on Amazon and have been pretty lucky with the size Large, however, I should have ordered this in XL. No problems returning it for a full refund.


