Are usually wear a medium but based on the reviews I ordered the small and it fit perfectly.  I can’t say enough about how lovely I looked in this dress on the Vegas strip. I received many complements as I walked down the strip with my hubby from men and women.  I am bottom heavy ...measurements approximately 34A, 29 waistline, 41 hips, ~133 lbs.  I will be ordering this dress in more colors because It is an amazing cut and fits my frame magnificently.  The length is about 3 to 4 inches above the knee so not too short for a mom of 2. Very flattering this dress is for my figure.


This dress is very pretty, modest and well put together. My daughter wore this for Homecoming and was about as adorable as could be! This dress, in light blue is not super forgiving and can make some otherwise fine spots in the belly look not so fine, so we put some shape wear under and tada. Of note, the way the shoulders are cut and lined made it so her nude bra wasnt even noticeable!


A+ for material alot heavier than expected. I wouldn't suggest to dry it though, i did on the first wash and it kinda messed up the lace at the top, not enough to ruin it but enough to not want to dry again. The bust runs kinda low, like the middle strap that id like to be under my boobs goes down to my belly button almost.. But i have no boobs so maybe would fit different on someone who does lol. Its longer than expected which isnt a problem at all. Overall great dress super happy with it.


The color was really sharp and the material was nice. Length is perfect.  I'm a bit busty on top (34DDD) so it was too tight of a fit to be able to comfortably breath, eat and dance at a wedding.  The lace top is pretty, but any attempt to wear skin toned bra will definetly show, so plan on something strapless for sure.


I have the black mesh dress and I love the fit and length, so I ordered the black full lace. It is perfect. It is super stretchy and the 'lace' looks beautiful.


As others have commented the only thing is that it bunches up a little in the back where the zipper is, but I normally use a sweater with the dress, so you can't tell. Also, I don't even use the zipper, because it is so stretchy, it is an easy pullover dress. I might have to get all the colors/styles!


The black lace dress is quite see-through, so you might want to wear tights (as seen in the picture I attached)


Returned. if you are an "above average" height the pictures can be misleading--referencing the other customer reviews/pics that is. Bought this as my graduation dress and ended up returning it as the waist line met at the widest part of my chest/rib-cage (and was not flattering). I looked larger than I was andI originally hoped it would conform to my shape like all of the other lovely ladies in the reviews/pics. Again, may be due to my 5'8" height, so might be worth a try if shorter/don't care about waist line. Return was not a hassle just wouldn't buy this style dress again.


I got exactly as it showed. The color is on point and the material feels high quality. It has a nice stretch to it that fits to your shape, and it's extremely comfortable. The material is soft and smooth. My only thing was that I ordered a size too big. I usually wear smalls, but i wasn't sure how much stretch the fabric would be, so i ordered a medium. It still fits me well, but I'm going to return it and go for a small instead. Word of advice: pick the size you usually wear (: it fits just as expected


This dress fits wonderful! I ordered a small, I am normally a size 6 or between a S and M IN dresses. If you are in between sizes like me,  order the small because the mesh material at the collar would otherwise fit too loosely.


The material is light, yet heavy enough to for the skirt to ruffle nicely, and thick enough to cover underwear lines, and the cut is very figure flattering. It's stretchy so it feels comfortable, definitely a high quality dress!


You will not be dissappointed!


this dress is really pretty but much brighter maroon than I expected. However, the quality is great and its super pretty. I ended up returning though due to the color, it just didn't look right on my skin tone.


Im 5'4 150lbs and 34/36C and I ordered a Medium and it fit great. the length is about mid thigh so not too short.


I got the red dress for a night out on Valentine's Day weekend. It fit nice and was flattering too.


After reading the reviews I went with a size small. Happy I did. I'm 5"5 size 6 this dress has stretch to it so it made for a nice fit.


The color was a bright red I paired it with red heels. It definitely draws that sexy red dress attention!. I felt sexy and confident all night, and I received many compliments.


