This dress is wonderful! The blue is a beautiful color just like the picture. The fabric is wonderfully thick and feels really expensive! It fit exactly as it was described. I am 5'8" and it is not too short! I often have problems with dresses being too short. It is a couple inches above the knee. Will be wearing to a wedding. Couldn't be happier!


5’4” and 165, ordered a large and it’s very flattering


Material is super comfy too


True navy blue in colour. Soft material. Hugs my cuves in all the right places! Able to wear right out of the box. For reference, I am 5'5", 34B, and 185lbs. I bought the Large. Cannot wait to wear to my bridal shower!


Beautiful, well -made dress at a good price. I get tons of compliments every time I wear it.


It was a little too informal for what I bought it for, but it fit great so I kept it for a less formal event.


My dress came today. It's perfect! The material feels really good. It's stretchy around the mid-section and hides my belly pouch. I'm 5'10 so it's a little short. It's the length of my fingers which is cool with me. I'm wearing it to a birthday party on Saturday and I can't wait to dress it up even more with my accessories. I recommend this dress. It's super cute!


The dress itself is really nice and pretty. The fabric is soft and drapes well.


Unfortunately, my body shape can make it difficult to find dresses that fit properly.


I love this dress but I returned it because it's a bit too long and twirly and made me feel matronly. I'm 25 and attending a wedding and needed something a little more short and form fitting. If this dress was shorter it would be super cute. Anyway I do love the material and the stretchiness and the quality. It's a nice dress!


It fit my Daughter well! Looks very nice! She will wear it soon in a wedding!


Love this dress, fits perfect! It's soft not to heavy or to light!! I'm 4'11'' and 107lbs and got a size xs!! I want to get another color but don't have any occasion yet!!


