The dress is not as shapely as pictured. It fits kind of boxy and the wine red color is a bit brighter than expected. It is a very plain and simple dress so I suggest having a belt or something to dress it up with. I have a very small bust and I don’t think the figure is all that flattering. The material is of nice quality though.


I loved how this dress fit and I was very impressed with how heavy the fabric was so the dress wasn't see through. I wore this for my bachelorette party and get beautiful!


Great quality dress material. Has a weight to it. A bit of stretch to the material too. Just wish they'd make dresses a tad longer especially since this is for my 17 year old daughter. She's 5' 5" and it's a good 8 inches above her knee.


I am normally a US size 4-6 depending on stretch in the chest area. I am a 36C, 27 waist, 35 hip, 5'5", 123 lb, 60+ something. The small fit perfectly with plenty of room in waist and hips. The natural waistline hit exactly where it should and hem hit about 3 inches above my knee. It looks much more expensive on and when I added a jewel belt it looked stunning. The bust area was comfortable without feeling snug or uncomfortable. This will probably become my new little black dress this year as it's a classic design for any age.


It is a beautiful dress. My 12 yr old daughter got it for her sister's wedding. She ordered a medium and I knew it would be a wee bit big on her. The price was so good that it was worth it to teach her more about sizing her tiny yet tall frame. I ordered her a small which should be here any day. Gave the medium to her best friend to wear to the wedding.....they get to be twins! Yay!


This is a great dress. Unfortunately, I wound up not keeping it because I couldn't find an undergarment to wear that didn't show with the mesh. That is my only disappointment ... AND has nothing to do with the actual dress. If you're looking for the perfect little black dress that'll work at any event - this is the one you want.


This dress is great! I love the longer length, so I can wear it to work, plus it's just really comfortable and the material is nice and thick without being too heavy. I tend to like a bit of a fuller skirt, but for the price and the convenience, you really can't go wrong. I plan on buying more of the styles that Heloise makes!


Very flattering! Nice thick material, but not too thick. Definitely does not feel cheap. I got lots of compliments while wearing it and even purchased other styles! Love the dress!


i love it  i wear size 14 in dress and i am 5ft tall i got a large and it fit great my only complaint would be that it fits a bit loose i would have liked it to be a little more skin tight but also the bottom makes me look big :( and it comes down to about my knees ... over all i do like this dress


It it so soft. I love it so happy with the price. Just wish i could find matching shoes as this is an odd color and is in the middle of mint and teal but i still love it.


