loved this dress! I am 5'6" and 165lbs. I measure at 39, 33, 43 and the large fit perfect!!!  was comfy and with some spanx I felt super sexy! Got a ton of compliments on this dress!!


Absolutely LOVE this dress. Perfect for many occasions and very comfortable to wear.


I bought this dress for my daughter's 8th grade graduation ceremony. She is 5'3" and 109 lbs. The color is vibrant and the quality has far exceeded my expectations. It truly is gorgeous.This dress couldn't possibly fit any better than it does. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS DRESS!!!


I ordered this dress to wear to a wedding in Texas in November it shipped  superfast and when I got it I expected to hate it .I mean after all it's a really good price and looked cute in  the pictures and you know what they say about to good to be true ..Boy is that saying wrong in this case ..When I opened it the first thing I noticed was how unbelievably soft it was and then I put it on and it fit perfect !! I absolutely love it and I am very picky when buying dresses  because I don't wear them very often .I cannot express how much I love this dress  and how comfortable it is ..I ordered a small.... I'm 5'2 and I go between 134 pounds and 139 pounds and 36D chest ...PERFECT dress and perfect fit and I'm going to order it in other colors!!!


Perfect fit, great material, high quality material, gorgeous design/cut


I cannot say enough about this dress. I wore it to my friends wedding and got loads of complements! It was comfortable and fit me very well. I'm 5'6" and a little over 200lbs, so I did wear shapewear just to help smooth things over, and this dress totally rocked! I mean, it rocked until I went home and picked up my cat who freaked out and put little holes in the fabric with his claws. So--I'll be ordering a second one!! It's too good not to!


I ordered this dress in black and blue. I love the fit, not too tight, but also not loose.  I have a difficult time finding a dress that fits both at the waist and bust, since my bust is on the smaller side. I ordered a XS. I am 5'6" and 125lbs. I am happy with the length, I was looking for something a little above the knee. With a quick ironing, the dress cleans up nicely. The photos I attached are from when I was trying the dress on, pre-iron. I plan to buy another one of these dresses in another color.


I 10000% recomed this dress


This dress is so fantastic!! I ordered wine red with lace and it's beautiful.  The material is thick and stretchy, the color is true to the product photo, the dress was neatly folded in its packaging and it's very conformable.  I'm 5'8, 33x27x37, athletic, and the small fit perfectly (i could probably fit into an XS as well but i like a little bit of room). Hit just above the knee.  97% polyester, 3% elastin, hand wash only.  I want one in all the colors haha.


Love this dress! I wanted a LBD that was cute but not too showy/risqué so that I could wear it for multiple occasions, and this is perfect! I'm about 5'9, 160 lbs. and wear a B-cup. I ordered a Medium and it fits perfectly.


