I bought this dress for my bridal shower missing the part that states the color is off white. So unfortunately I didn't wear it for my bridal Shower. Thank God it was the day before Mother's Day so I wore this dress for Mothers Day instead and everyone loved it. The only Con is that the material is a little heavy which was weird for this type of dress.


The dress is pretty but it just didn't fit my body at all. Very sad at my body shape not the dress.


Saved lots of money buying these for tweets in a wedding party. The girls love them, and the XS and small a perfect option for girls too big for kid sizes but too young for revealing clothes that older teens would wear. Nice value!


I bought this for my sorority formal and it's not a style I would normally wear, but it worked perfectly. I got so many compliments!


Beautiful dress! I ordered this dress for my daughters promotion ceremony and she loves it. I thought it was going to be really thin cheap material but it's pretty thick and good quality. We followed the chart size and it fit her perfectly.


Fits amazing! I'm 5'3 115 pounds I got a size small and it fit perfect I am so happy with this purchase !


This was exactly what I thought it would be. It comes to just above my knees, and although the mesh is not particularly soft it is perfect for going out.


Bought this cute Lil dress for my daughter's HS dance. Too cute! Not too sexy, fits well and she reports it's very comfortable.  Great buy, thanks


Such a cute and great fitting dress!  I'm very small chested with no curves and this dress fits perfectly.  The fabric is thick but not heavy and very well made. Perfect for all body types.


This dress was everything I hoped for and more!!!  I so was leery of buying a dress online not being able to try it on. It fit like it was custom made for me!  It is very thick material and very flared out. Lots of structure to the dress but lots of give/stretch in the bust and waist. So comfy to wear and was super flattering  on my size 14/16 body. I am 5'10 and wear a 38 DD bra. Would definitely recommend this dress!


