Love this dress. Fits as expected. I wear a large or 12/14 in most clothing and the large fit like a glove, but had some give. It's good quality for the price. I would definitely order in different colors in the future. Can dress this look up with many different accesories.


I actually ordered the lace top first, but it did not look hot enough for the outfit that I needed, so I returned for this mesh top. I didn't like the look of the lace in person.


I wore this dress for college graduation and I received SO many compliments about it.  Everyone wanted to know where it came from.  Formal, cute and chic.  I am about 5' 2" and it came a little bit above my knee.  Fit perfectly around the bust.  I was very skeptical about buying a dress online and for this price and I couldn't have been happier.  I have since bought a 2nd dress from this company and plan on buying more


It is more of a stretchier fabric, washes super easy, and does not really wrinkle.  The floral lace is extremely soft against your skin and did not bother me.  I will be buying more of these dresses!


It's a super cute dress, but I returned it.  The sizing chart has the XS waist size listed as 24-25".  My waist is 25" so I figured it would work out.  There was a handful of extra fabric in the waist which created weird fabric bulges above the waist line in the front and back of the dress.  I'd say the XS would fit a 26-27" waist comfortably without being too snug.  The color was a nice, dark navy and the fabric was great.  Wish it would have worked out.


Height - 5' 7.5"


Bust - 35"


Waist - 25"


Hip - 38"


I'm not a dress type of girl but I needed a dress pronto for my friends bachelorette party. It's super hard to find dresses I feel good in or even fit me right being the short "curvy" girl I am. I just finished going all over socal to find my bridesmaid dress which I ended up ordering because I couldn't find anything. I ordered this dress hoping it would be decent... I just wanted something cute that didn't show anything that doesn't need to be seen. It's nice quality, fits perfectly, and is cute without being too showy! I'm 5'2 and wear 12-14 pants and LG-xxl shirts because I'm a 38DD. I got the xl dress and probably could have gotten away with a LG. The length hits just about my knee which is fine by me. Even the chest area fits nice! I definitely recommend it.


I love stretchy jersey material, especially for dresses and skirts. I have worn this to work and a conference. It is beyond comfortable, easy to put on/take off alone and in a hurry, and flattering to form. You don't have to compromise professionalism, comfort, or looking chic with this diamond. Don't have to worry about stains since it won't readily absorb like pure cotton material and lint-rolling is a breeze (I have cats).


I ordered this dress for my oldest daughter for my wedding and I love it. The material is stretchy and forgiving. I ordered her one size up from what she normally wears and I probably could of just ordered it in her normal size. I ordered it with the lace in stead of the mesh on top and it looks really nice and dosent look bad at all next to her sisters lace on top with chiffon skirt dress at all. I'm happy with it.


The XL was a little snug and XXL a little too loose under my arms.  It also came down a little too far in the front so I had to keep adjusting it as not to show my bra.  Overall it served it purpose for an all white party and I got compliments on it.


I've always been iffy about purchasing a dress online, cause of the sizes. When I saw this cute and simple design, I knew I had to try it out. It fits great! The material is nice and light.


Looking forward to warmer weather to wear this!


VERY clingy dress. If you have a big middle and want to hide it this is not the dress for you. But it is very comfortable and flowy!


Everyone is right. It's fantastic - especially for the price. I'm 5'7" and 125lb, very slim athletic build with a small chest. I bought a small and it's PERFECT! I'm convinced it will look great on almost any body type.


