The extra large is for someone about a d cup or higher. I am a c and the large fits great. The dress is good quality. It does run ablottle big, just a little.


I cannot believe the quality of this dress for the price. I almost ordered a medium after reading the measurements on the sizing chart, but since I usually wear a 4/6 or size small, I ordered a small and its perfect.


The material of this dress is thick and soft, the mesh neckline is quality, and the zipper in the back is invisible. I may order more colors!


Absolutely stunning dress! I got so many compliments while wearing it to a summer wedding. The extra small for me nearly perfectly. I'm 5'1" and about 100lbs. It's light weight and comfortable and made out of what feels to be a quality fabric. No issues with the lace.


Sometimes the zipper is a little tricky but I haven't had any serious issues. Also if you're petite the solid fabric's sweetheart bodice could show off the edges of your bra. Which is not noticeable if you wear a nude one.


Very happy with my purchase!


Fits perfect! I'm 5'8" and 160 lbs. The medium fits like it was tailored! I'm so please that I might get one in red! Thanks Amazon, for always saving me time and money! This is probably my first review on anything! But I felt like I should definitely post to help out all the other Amazon customers!


Absolutely beautiful.. it's fir my daughters graduation from 8th too 9th grade... will be buying from you on the NEAR future..


Beautiful, exceeded my expectations. Wasn't looking to be so watched. I'm 5'3 and 175 lbs. I ordered Xl and was more than comfortable. Great dress, greatly priced, very comfy and fabric feels good on the skin.


Material is a bit thicker than what I expected and slightly shorter. I wear a 34DDD and a 10/12 in clothing. I purchased a medium and it fits great. I added a red belt and wore red heels to go.


Love it!!! Love it!!! Love it!!! The dress is perfect! I bought it in navy blue color. I am 5'3'' and 144 lbs and size Medium fits excellent :-) I am thinking about buying this dress again in different colors. Fabric is excellent quality!!!


Everything about this dress is just the best!!! Very recommended!!!


The product material is thick and sturdy and definitely doesnt feel cheaply made! I ordered a 2XL since I was nervous from previous reviews, but I could have definitely gone with an XL or even a L. I am 5'10" and about 180LB with a 40F chest. Gonna save this dress for my bridal shower.


I love the material, it fit as expected which I am usually nervous with in buying clothes online. I will definitely be buying at least one more of these dresses. The color is beautiful as well.


