Very pretty!


Love this dress, nice casual feeling but very classy look. The zipper is a challenge but not that bad unless you have an issue with twisting your arms round. Have they invented a zipper helper for dresses? If not, let's kick around some ideas! Lol I saw this company sells other styles of this dress I will order more as money allows. I have trouble because of my issues with flabby belly and hernia. This fits above it just so, and gives me a waist. I am 5'3" and 147lbs last weigh in, Lol it changes. Just a suggestion to other ladies doing reviews, I really need your weight and height when you talk of too big or small. To me does no good to know it did or didn't fit if Your dimensions are not known. Blessed be to all seeking the right fit!


I went by the reviews and ordered a small. I'm 5'4 120 pounds, 32D, and it fit like a charm. Perfect length, and had no gapping around the bust like some other dresses I've tried on before. The material is heavy enough to keep the dress weighted down, but not so heavy that it was hot. The high neckline wasn't any bit bothersome, and the lace part of it is very soft and not scratchy. I wore it for my college graduation and got so many compliments! Will definitely be buying in other colors!


I bought the black with black floral lace and am looking at getting other colors, especially the purple with black lace.


The first day of wear I LOVED this dress, wrinkle free easily dressed up with jewelry and heels. Medium weight fabric that didn't show every imperfection, and moved wonderfully. I'm 5' tall, about 180lbs hour glass figure bought an XL. This mostly fit as expected with some notes: 1) I'm short and this was just above my knee which was perfect for me but might not be for taller women, the back is cut to be even with the front so my curvy figure looked great didn't have that short rear look. 2) I felt that the lace front was too low for me, in the fact that I'm a 38D and could not find a bra (balcony, shelf, plunge) that was totally hidden, I ended up going with a lace one so any peeking out wouldn't make a big difference 3) I wore nude full body spanx with this and you couldn't see the straps, LOVED THAT.


Fabric is forgiving, I didn't even use the zipper at all, kind of wish it didn't have the zipper.


DO NOT DRY THIS DRESS IN THE DRYER!!! I made this mistake. While the dress still 'fits' and it now has more bra coverage, the zipper bulges in the back and it is now just above mid thigh on my short legs, no seat coverage when I sit down. Haha talk about little black dress.


I wore this dress to my college spring formal held at the Field Museum in Chicago. It was the perfect dress for the night, and I got tons of compliments! It was a little big, but I feel like if I went down a size it would have been too small. Perfect dress for any occasion!


Fits like it was custom made.  I'm a 31 year old mother of three...far from model thin.  But this dress is so flattering and pretty, it makes me feel confident.  You will not regret this purchase.


One thing to note:  According to the size chart, I should have ordered an XL, but when I buy dresses or tops online, I usually order a Large (sometimes a Medium in certain brands).  The XL was too big.  The large fit just right.


Bought this dress for a company holiday party. It arrived on time and fits well. I did order this dress in black/black lace as well and noticed that the black/black lace fit more snug than this wine red/black lace - hence 4 stars instead of 5. I chose to go with the wine for a pop of color in my wardrobe and it turned out to be a good choice as I was more comfortable around the waist at the holiday party.


I am 5' 2" and this hemline of the dress falls above my knees, but well below mid-thigh. The fabric is soft and comfortable, although it can wrinkle a bit so steaming or ironing before wear might be a good idea. I didn't notice any defects (like loose threading or holes in the lace), but the lace look pretty strong and it seems like it will hold over over many wears.


I remember seeing in the product description to wash by hand and lay/hang dry. I am super lazy, so I threw my dress in a mesh laundry bag, machine washed, tumble-dried on low (hoping for a little shrinkage), and it seems to be fine - a little wrinkled, but fine. However, I highly recommend that you don't be lazy like me and take better care of your clothes.


Great dress! I am going to an event where I have to wear a purple dress. Do you know how hard it is to find one? Amazon to the rescue. I am a 4 petite (5'2", 116 lbs.). I ordered a small and it fits well. The fabric does not feel cheap. It flows nicely over hips and butt. The mesh top is a nice touch and dresses it up. The mesh is not too low in the front or back. The length is good. It came nicely folded in a bag but still had a few wrinkles that I think I can easily steam out. I think I will get it in black too. Perfect for many special occasions!


Came in perfect with no wrinkles and fit perfect. Had compliments the whole night.. absolutely love the dress


Great Quality! Material is on the heavy end, which made my daughter feel more comfortable. She's 4'11", 103 lbs, size 2. Good length, not too short. We added silver ribbon on the mid section. Gorgeous dress! Can't beat this price either! Ordered Wed, received Friday.


