I wore this out to dinner with my husband and I felt comfortable even without a bra. It provides plenty of coverage while looking elegant. I'm not able to zip it up myself though and I think it could use a hook at the top. I am 5'6" and weigh 155 lbs with a 34DD bust and I ordered the medium.


I feel like the waist part hits me in an awkward spot but overall the dress is great. Nice material, nice flow on the skirt. I purchased an XL and I'm a size 16 in dresses.


AMAZING dress! Quality material and a really great feel. Came in in no time for the occasion I was wearing it for and got a plethora of comments. Super adorable and lovely. It will definitely last a long time too with the material it is, so it is definitely worth the price! Will wear it for more performances and things after Highschool. Buy this dress!!


I love this dress. I bought last minute but it was perfect and it is just that great throw in the suit case. I have a black one (for that lil black dress) and Magenta. LOVE IT!!!! I am 5'1, 125 lbs and fits elegantly and just above the knee!


This is my first review on Amazon, I don't typically write reviews but I rely on them a lot. I just love this dress so much I had to give it some love online. Wore it today and I felt so confident in it. It's the perfect length, hits just above the knee. I wore it today with tights and boots with a sweater but will definitely rock it without tights with pumps or sandals when it gets warmer. I love how flattering the fit is. The neckline is so elegant. I am 5'7, 165lbs and bought a Lg. Highlybrecommend this for curvy girls with big chests as it does not show your bra like most sleeveless dresses and it looks good with or without a jacket/shrug. This is my new go-to little black dress. I love it so much I may buy it in a few colors. I don't know yet how it will hold up in the wash but the fabric feels high quality so I am optimistic.


Beautiful heavyweight fabric. I ordered small. I am 5'3" 110 lbs. 34D 25 35. Came just above my knees. Fits nicely and comfortably.  I will wear it with a skinny belt to dress it up a bit. It was wrinkled out of the package. I will put it in a warm dryer and then hang it. Hopefully the wrinkles come out.


My daughter loved the dress!  She is between a 16 and 18 in dress sizes and the XL fit her perfectly.  The material is heavy enough to not appear cheap, but still very soft to the touch.  It is short enough to get her approval, but long enough that should could get away with wearing it to school or church.  It is so hard to find cute, stylish dresses that fit her, but this looks adorable on, we will be buying more colors.


I love this dress, I needed it for a wedding and it both came on time and fit perfectly, just as I knew it was going to. I love this company, I've ordered three of their dresses so far and will continue buying them. They fit nice, they don't ride up, they are form fitting, but also modest, and they are just amazing dresses. When I went to buy this one, it was out of stock, I quickly e-mailed the company and they said they would be in stock soon. I was lucky enough to be able to order with one day shipping and have it delivered right on time. I couldn't be happier with this company, and I will come back to this company because they make amazing products.


I needed a purple dress for a summer school banquet, and we teachers decided to wear purple.  I'm 5'3 and I wear a Large in most dresses.  I ordered the XL since I am a 38 DD, and I wanted to be sure that the top of the dress would fit. The dress fits perfectly.  The purple is beautiful, and is the shade of Barney.  I am very happy with this dress and I am going to order more in other colors!!!


Well made and pretty, but the waist was way too low on me - but then again, I have a short torso. It would be too hard to alter bc the zipper in the back would need to be ripped out and replaced, so sadly this is going back. For reference, I'm 4'11" my inseam is usually a 27.5" and the smallest size of this dress came to just below my knees, with the waist being a good two inches lower than my natural waist.


