Love it!!!! It looked beautiful. I got a large it was flattering, not too short. Material is very nice not to snug... I wore a little black bolero sweater and pearls. Very flattering and cute .. I'm more of jeans and sneakers.... but this was awesome. It looked very good , I only wore the sweater because I don't like my arms out in ac. Recommended!  I need it in another color ...the sizing was perfect!  Soon as I slipped it over my head I started planning my hairstyle and accessories.... perfect will buy from manufacturer again!100%


Thanks for asking!


The fabric is of a good quality, and the dress is stretchy so it shouldn't be too bad if it's a little tight. Cute dress that looked good on me and I will probably wear again


The dress material is nice and thick so I don't have to worry about what color bra I wear. I was a little concerned about getting a dress online but I really like this one


This dress is really nice. I loved the fabric, it was a heavy / stretchy material that flows nicely but doesn't grip in the parts of your body that you don't want it to grab. The mesh is not scratchy but it's also not "top quality". I am not complaining about the mesh however, because for a dress under $25 this dress has great quality. It's an AMAZING design that I literally would wear to anything from a funeral to a fancy cocktail party to a fun girls night!


I am 5ft 7in 140Lb and 34D - I found the Large to be too lose around the arms/chest area but the Medium fit GREAT, even around my mom belly.


Just don’t tell her how much I paid! Material decent weight, not too thin, not too thick. Soft, luxurious, classy. Size (S) was spot on, dress is comfortable to wear. Recommended.


I love my dress, it's a beautiful light green. The fit is perfect and doesn't show all the weight I've gained and am embarrassed of. It's light weight. I will be wearing it a wedding.  I love the lace on the top, it's so pretty.  I wear a 16-18 and I have 40 ddd  breasts. I'm so excited to wear it. I hope others purchase it because for the price it's great quality,  soft but looks delicate.


I am 5'8 and 163lbs and the medium fit great, i wear a medium top and 6-8 pants.  it was dressy enough for a casual dinner out with my hubbys company which is what i was going for. not too short, and not too fancy :) very happy with it. got lots of compliments.


I'm so happy with this dress! It is super flattering on my XL body type. I have a big butt so usually short dresses are way too short on me but this one covers it all! It doesn't perfectly flatter parts of my tummy but it's nothing a body shaper can't fix.


The material looks and feels nicer than I expected it to. Definitely worth the inexpensive price tag!


Love this dress its very well made but little details on it are a little odd like how the lace by the shoulders lays, it was a little loose and didnt lay quite right and the 2 inch strip of fabric connecting the skirt to the top part kinda didnt look quite right to me so i bought an elastic belt to cover that and it worked just fine . All in all though its a very nice thick, stratchy fabric dress that i love.


I bought two of these dresses - one in black and one in navy. I love the fit of the dresses and the material, but was disappointed in the quality. I tried on the black one and noticed the zipper was separating from the fabric in the back right near the waist seam. I sewed it back together but am less than pleased that I had to even bother. So far no issues with the navy one, but I guess you get what you pay for with these dresses.


