I highly recommend this dress. It fits true to size. I'm typically a size 8 and this is a perfect medium fit. The loose skirt flatters wider hips and band around waist hides belly. The dress is a nice quality material (not lightweight or see-through). It has a little bit of stretch. For reference I am a 36D, 35" waist, 39" hip, 5'1" and 140 pounds.


The dress looks very pretty on. My daughter is 13 years old and has a thicker build to her. The dress looked fantastic on her and was very slimming. She had to perform with her guitar at a wedding and she was very comfortable wearing the dress.


Make sure you properly measure yourself following the instructions prior to ordering! The length is tasteful, the lace up top is cute and surprisingly well constructed. The material isn't as thick or as scuba-like as some other reviews are saying, I would compare it closer to a crossover between your basic polyester blend and bathing suit fabric. That may sound bad, but it actually cuts down on wrinkles and hangs very well! I was able to achieve a very full skirt by adding a petticoat, and I'm really excited to wear it to my event!


Loved this dress! Wore it as a guest to a wedding. Ordered a M and a L. The medium ended up fitting great as the dress is a bit stretchy. I'm 5'2, 160 and 36DD. Hope that helps anyone looking to buy, I highly recommend!


I bought this for my daughter for a spring dance!  This is very pretty, form fitting and fits perfect!  Just the right length and true to color.  She just absolutely loved it.  The fabric is somewhat heavy and holds shape very well.  Very flattering!  Arrived in perfect time and in great condition!  Love it


This dress is super well made. The material is thick like everyone else has described. I could stand to lose a few pounds to make it zipper easily, however even though my daughter struggled to get it fully zipped, never once was I nervous that it would rip or tear the any parts of the dress. Lays beautifully and covers problem areas very well. The event I purchased it for isn't until January so I am excited to see how much better it fits then after I have shed these last 10 pounds. I cannot imagine that you would be disappointed if you ordered this dress in either color, btw-I ordered it in white. And although I saw lots of people commenting on purchasing it for their teen's homecoming, I am 41 and plan to rock it.


Is a defiantly recommend and approved dress for


Nice dress, good quality material and stitching with a comfortable amount of stretch to it. The top fits wonderfully and the zipper works well. I ordered a small in the dark navy blue color and am pleased with the overall look of it. At 5'1" and ~117lbs, it was longer than I anticipated given the measurements listed, reaching the bottoms of my knees as opposed to the tops where a 35" length usually hits on me. Fortunately, it's an easy fix; by folding an inch or so under the waist area, I bring the skirt to the top of my knee while maximizing the appearance of the pleats (which fell a bit flat initially) and creating a cute accent around my waist. Sometimes, you've just got to get a little creative!


I bought it in small and in magenta. Love the style and color.


I am short (5'2") and about 125 pounds and it fit great! Would recommend. It would probably fit anyone from about 105-130 pounds no problem.


Only slight issue is that the top is see through around the collarbone area, so you need to wear a skin color bra, or none at all if you don't want a bra strap to be noticeable.


Perfect last minute choice for a wedding guest. I had planned to go get a dress over the weekend for an upcoming wedding, but I ended up so sick that I could barely move for five days. Based on the reviews and how cute looked online I gave it a shot. I am definitely not disappointed. I chose navy with black lace and it looks adorable. I normally wear a 1618 currently closer to the size 18 I’m 5 foot nine 225 pounds. I got the XXL  and it fits just a little bit loose. However being a heavier girl I appreciate having something that’s not super tight. The link is also very much Wedding appropriate and it’s not too short comes just above the back of the knee.


