This is by far my favorite dress to wear for special occasions. It fits me perfect! I'm 5'2 between 160-170 pounds and I got an XL. Hugs me in all the right places! Not to tight, not to loose! Will buy more!


Wife loved it.  Was a little worried about ordering a dress off of the internet without seeing it but the reviews convinced me to try it.  Dress is a great material and seems like something you would find in an expensive boutique somewhere.  Formal enough to wear out to a cocktail party but not so much that you couldnt wear it to dinner and a movie for date night.


I bought this for my daughter for the Valentines Dance at School. It is true to size and fit her perfect. It was a little wrinkled when we opened it, but the material is great and this is knee length dress. The Color is true to the picture as well. We are pleased.


I love this dress. I am going to order the black dress as well.


It's a beautiful dress and fits perfect! The only thing I found weird is there is a band of fabric that stretches and it scrunches up on me. I bought one of those fashion belts and put it around that area of fabric and it solved my problem.


Wow! This dress was amazing!  I had to wear a slip because it shows serious cleavage (the top part is super sheer), but that was fine.  It fit just right at the waist, up top, and in the back.  I'm sensitive about my stomach, so the flare disguised that perfectly.  The length was long enough for church (but don't forget what I said about a slip).


Really cute dress. Love the color, though it wasn't as "pinky" as picture, it was still a great color. It fit as expected too. I wore it to a summer wedding and received compliments on it. I would like to buy a few more in different colors too! You can dress it up or down, great spring/summer dress.


Awesome dress.  Perfect for my daughters homecoming dance!  Can't beat the price either. That's her on the right!


Im 5'2" 100 pounds. Unfortunately they don't have an xs, so I had to go with the s. Its fits pretty good, but at the top in the back its very loose and doesn't even touch my skin. Other than sizing, I really like this dress . The fabric is heavy and it feels like great quality. Looks great with the silicone backless bra cups to .


I absolutely love this dress the fabric was nice it was super flowy we are wore purple on my mother's birthday and I kept having Marilyn Monroe moments because that's how light the fabric was and it was super windy that day lol


