I love this dress. It is beautiful, well-made, and fits great. I am so excited to wear it to a wedding this weekend.


I am 5'7'' and 170 lbs, with a larger bust and curvy figure. I ordered the Large, and was very pleased with the fit. It is flattering, and classy. It hits me right above the knee, and I love the way it flairs out slightly. You do need to wear a nude or strapless bra with it as the mesh at the top is very see-through, and straps are fairly obvious. However, that is not really a hardship, and the dress is lovely.


Very nice dress, comfortable and doesn't wrinkle easily! I got t medium, I have large breasts and a high waist, 5'8" and 158lbs. It had a bit more room than expected but still fit nicely. It looks a bit shorter on the model, but has a very classy length. Highly recommend this dress!


The dress is a very sturdy material, it's thick and kinda heavy but it doesn't feel heavy while it's on. I only have one concern for it, and that is the color. I really never pick anything colorful, but this dress is for my best friend's quinceanera so it had to be purple. Anyways, When I got the dress it looks a lot brighter and more pinky. So if it were my decision I would have gotten a different color. Can't go wrong with black!


LOVE LOVE LOVE This dress! I absolutely need it in every color available! I will be back to buy more once I have more money!


I wore this dress on my bday with matching tights and burgundy wedge booties and got so many compliments. The dress is form-fitting and chic and perfect for ladies with an hourglass shape. If you have a larger waist, you'll probably want to size up.


Very cute dress. Little longer than expected though.


Tween-age daughter loves this dress, although to me, it's a bit snug through the bodice.  She's 115 lb. strong gymnast, so a SMALL is appropriate.  However, the medium could have worked given the elasticity of the bodice.  Still, she looks terrific -- AND she can wear it to school as it fits the dress codes.  The other reviewers and photographs were quite helpful, thanks.  We'll be coming back for an additional color if available.


I needed this dress for an October wedding so the heavy fabric was appropriate but I wouldn't want to wear it in the summer. It was beautiful on and I received lots of compliments. I am 5'3" 140 about a C cup and the medium fit me perfectly  (I normally wear medium in tops and dresses)


I love my dress. It fits perfectly. I'm 5'2" and 135-140lbs. I ordered a medium. Stretchy material. I think same material as a swimsuit. Very nice.


Adorable, bought for my daughter who is 5'5 125#. Ordered the small because she doesn't like things super tight, but we returned for an XS because there was it was too loose.  Love the dress, cute and still long enough to be respectable.


