Not the best quality but when you think about buying a dress for around $20 it's what you would expect. Fit as expected, slimming. Great buy for a 1-2 time wear.


It's a cute dress. But I don't like the material. It felt heavy too I recieved my money back


I ordered a large because that is what I normally wear and the dress was too big. The middle "belt" area sat way below my natural waist line so it was not flattering on me at all.


Nothing, it's perfect...


Ordered a size M and it fits like a L


Great fit. Too bad after one wash the back mesh has huge holes in it. So bummed I wasted that money.


it is OK material is good I bought XS but its 2 size big for me I prefer 0-2 size according to that its really big I checked measurement before oredering


Just received this dress, it is stunning!  Fits beautifully!  I'm 5'2 and approximately 155lbs, and I ordered a large.  I was a little reluctant to purchase something sight unseen, I wasn't disappointed and I will say I won't hesitate to purchase from


 this vendor again.  10 stars+!!!!


I got the green one.It's really nice dress but it was just too much material for my taste,the bottom is very proofy. Material is thick and sturdy though, great quality. I'm also only 5'2 so it came down to my knees. If I was taller it may have looked better in my opinion. I returned it and the return was very easy.


This dress looks cute and fits nicely, perhaps a little loosely, but I have a very petite frame so that doesn't surprise me. What did surprise me was the awful smell of the dress. After I opened the bag it was packaged in I was immediately struck by how horrid it smelled, and I couldn't even bear to try it on for long as it started giving me a headache. Even if this dress had fit me perfectly I would have sent it back. I'm not sure exactly how to describe the smell other than it is very strong, and reminds me of a mixture of burnt hair and rubber. If you buy this dress, be prepared to air it out for several days at least before wearing it!


