I had gotten both an XL and a XXL (which got lost in the mail unfortunately) but ordered on seperate days, so the XL arrived. It fits TRUE TO FORM AND I LOVE IT. I am 200lbs 5'8" and a 36D. I was concerned about the belly pooch I have and my wide hips and NOTHING SHOWS. It is wonderfully flattering, super stretchy, a thick material (no one would ever guess I only paid $26 for the dress) and is the perfect length. I would say my first blind dress purchase off amazon is a success! Will be getting more dresses from this brand.


I am overall very happy with this dress. I had decided to err on the side of caution & order a size larger than I needed, but that turned out to be unnecessary! So although it would likely fit me better a size down, the fit is very true to size. I am 5'7", with a large bust and wide hips. The dress is both comfortable & flattering, especially if you don't enjoy flaunting your midsection. The material is sturdy and well made. The length was just right & even when spinning, nothing was exposed.


Like I said, my only problem with the dress is my own error is size ordering. I live it!


I really like this dress it’s simple and elegant and fits really well ! I’m 5 ‘4 120 Pounds and got the small in wine . the material is great falls well thought it would look like a cotton dress  but it doesn’t it’s very versatile and can be worn on many ocassions can be teamed with a nice belt too ..  usually I have to get the length altered in most dresses I buy but not this one it’s the perfect length for me and falls above the knees ..I’m already eyeing another color in this dress and gonna buy one more :) it’s rare to get dresses that fit and fall well .. happy me ! Will add pics soon


My wife needed a few dresses for meetings. She is usually in jeans and a flannel shirt for here work.


I bought her the small as she is 36 25 34. This dress fit her perfect. She looks classy and ready to take care of business but just a hint of sexy. Pow!


Now I can go back to wearing the pants in the family!


Buy this dress in the size you would normally purchase as far as I can tell. It will knock his socks off.


This dress is kind of subdued, it doesn't say I'm the sexy woman in the office but it does say I'm certainly the classy one.


It fit her perfect.


This dress looks exactly like the picture, and is true to size. I'm about 5'6" and 200lbs, I bought the large, and it fits well enough to highlight my figure without making me feel like I'm squeezing into it. I really really like it, and it could easily be an everyday dress.


This is a very pretty black cocktail dress. It looks like it runs a little small but it doesn't. It fits me like a glove and the a-line skirt is very flattering for my figure. I'm so in love with it.


I bought this dress to wear to a wedding. I have a large chest and finding dresses that fit is difficult. This dress fit beautifully, was classy and still made me feel sexy. The cut is very flattering on my figure (curvy and tall). I added a skinny belt and some patterned pumps. All that, AND, I could not beat the price. For something that cost under $25, it looks much more expensive, it's well made and is comfortable. I would buy this dress again (and I did, in another color).


Bought this for a vintage photo shoot and its perfect! I bought a petticoat to go under to enhance the flare effect and it looks fantastic! I'm 5'7 123 lbs slim built, and I ordered a size small. Fast shipping and it fits like a glove. The material is of good quality and heavy. Absolutely love this dress. I'm going to wear it for special occasions as well.


The quality of the dress was not cheaply made, and shipping was fast.  The dress was as pictured,  and fit as expected, I was very impressed. Will order different color


Great dress for a great price! It is a bit smaller than I had expected. (after reading all of the reviews and guidelines carefully) I chose a size Med even though I normally wear a Large dress. Very stretchy fabric and it fits but it's tighter than I'm comfortable in. It is not too bad with spanx under, but I'm still self conscious in a Med right now. I kept it (weight loss goal) and ordered another color in a Large. Large is perfect. Very attractive and affordable. Great on a pear shaped body.


