Fit perfectly. It's so good quality, the material is heavy and soft. The lace looks so well done and isn't itchy or scratchy at!!


Also I ordered this on a Tuesday or Wednesday and got it on Monday. Insanely fast shipping.


This dress is amazing!! I wore it to homecoming and it was perfect. It fit the way I expected and the dress is gorgeous!! The material is a bit heavy, but so comfortable and beautiful.


Great GRADUATION dress! Classy, simple, elegant, and perfect length - not too short or too long. I am 5'2" tall, 118lb, 35.5" chest, 26" waist, and 27" hips, and the small fit great. The material is stretch so that it can match your curves but thick enough to hide some "bumps and bulges" if you know what I mean ;) I also prefer the material on the thicker side so that it does not show every little detail of what shape underwear or bra I am wearing like some other cheaper or thinner materials do. Overall, I really like the dress, it's a great little black dress that can be used for varying occasions - you can wear it as is, throw a cute waist belt on, or spice it up with some jewelry to change the mood. Can't beat the price either! I would definitely recommend it.


Beautiful


I ordered this dress in the Purple X Small and I think its very nice. It fit as expected and the color


is true to pic. It fits well overall and is flattering on. It does have some wrinkling, but I will hang it


in a steamy bathroom to try and get those out. The fabric is soft and stretchy so it has room to


easily accomadate. You can't baet this dress for the price. I might actually order a few in other


colors. I would normally wear a size 2 in USA dress sizing and the X Small was the right fit. The


size chart was exactly right for me and if you follow it you should find the right dress!


I bought this dress last minute to wear to a funeral. At first I was a little nervous because, most of the time clothes don't fit as expected. I'm 5'4-ish with boobs that never fit into anything or if I can squeeze them into something, they either look like one large pancake or a Dog the bounty hunters wife...nevertheless I ordered a large and was pleasantly surprised by how flawless this dress fit. This dress hides my small stomach pooch and muffin  top while also keeping my girls in check. I would recommend this dress 100%


Very nice fit I ordered medium.,,perfect fit


I read that the dress ran a little small on other reviews so I ordered a medium (I usually buy clothes in med-large). I'm 5'5" and about 135 pounds. The dress fit fine, I just wish it was a tad smaller. It's pretty stretchy too. And heavy! Felt like good, soft fabric though. Decently comfortable. I added a pink belt from a different dress to pull it in a little (and I thought it looked cute!)


The dress is very pretty the material is great I have worn it three times. I purchased in the black the first two times I just paired it with black heels. For Christmas I wanted to be a little bold so I paired it with an animal print belt red shoes and a red purse. I got tons of compliments. I'm 5-2 125 lb I believe I ordered the medium. My pictures are not great when I took them I had no intentions of posting them. I hope this review help someone. I consider all reviews when I make a purchase on Amazon whether they are good or bad sometimes I feel like a bad review as for someone just having a bad day. People will take time to complain about something that they are not happy with and not give credit where credit is due. I paid $10 to have the dress hemmed and it's perfect very good value for the price. On another note I don't know what the washing instructions are but I hand wash and I hang to dry which leaves it wrinkly. I throw it in the dryer for 10 minutes with dryer sheets and it comes out beautiful


