The dress is very nice, looks nice, it's lighter than the other black dress I have from this "set" if you will. I'd give it five stars but the zipper gave out halfway through wearing it. Luckily I had a sweater over it and I was the only one who knew it came unzipped.


I like this dress a lot! It fits true to size, I normally wear a 2 or 4 in women's dresses. I am 5'2", 130lbs, 34B and the small fits me perfectly. The color is fantastic and I love the cut of the skirt. Overall the fabric is a fairly heavy-weight, good quality fabric with some stretch to it and I do not need a slip with this dress. While fairly wrinkle-resistant, the fabric does show any lines underneath, so I have to be a little bit careful about which bra I wear with it, but that's not a big problem since I have to wear a strapless one anyway since the top is mesh. I feel like the mesh neckline bit is a little bit too high on my throat, which is the only thing keeping me from giving this a 5-star review.


This dress was absolutely beautiful! It fit very comfortably wasn't too tight but wasn't baggy. Loved wearing this out!


The dress fits beautifully. I went with the XXL after following the sizing even though I'm usually a large to extra large. The material is stretchy like other reviews have mentioned, and the mesh-like material doesn't feel cheap. Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase, and I'm going to order one in another color!


It's a great fit. Love the material!! Im 5'2 but I have a large chest and wide hips and the large fit me great. Came right above my knee. I'm not one for short dresses


Size XS fits me ( 5'4" 105 lbs) in general, there is just a tiny bit of room in the waist which is totally fine as I had a big dinner in that dress and my stomach didn't show. The fabric is not cheap lightweight one which is a plus, love this dress!


This dress is SO adorable and is a super stretchy soft fabric. I am considering buying it in another color because it is that cute. It fits like a glove and is very flattering to the figure. So happy with this purchase!


Perfect dress for a semi formal or hot date! I tied a 2” piece of black lace ribbon into a bowed belt. I am 5’3” 34 D 135 lbs and the extra small fit me perfect ad showed off my curves. I had also bought a small but it bunched up a bit in the back because I was so short.


Honestly I bought this product by accident. I clicked the "one-click buy" as I was scrolling up on my phone. A few hours later, I checked my email and realized I had ordered it. It was by then, too late to cancel. So I waited for this dress to get to me so I could send it back. But when I got it, I  decided to try it on.... AND I LOVED IT!!! It's so flattering! The lace is so soft and nice! It makes the dress! No way am I sending it back <3 Soooo glad I made this mistake!


Bought this for my wife and pleasantly surprised by the weight of the material. It was not a light material, it has some weight to it. It helped the skirt part keep its shaped and looked stunning. Was concerned about the see-through material at the top of the dress, but it seems very durable.


