This beautiful dress (size MED) was a bit large on me, and has a very full skirt.  I am a size 8 and 5'3" tall, so if I would have had time, I would have exchanged for a SMALL but instead I had it taken in at the waist the hemmed and it's perfect.  Love the stretchy velvet actually more like a velour type of feel.  The color is very rich looking.


Amazing. Smelled like grape juice when I took it out of the package. Gave it a quick wash, and it removed the weird smell. I ordered one size up from my normal size, and the fit was fantastic. That being said, I do prefer my clothes a little loose, and that's what I'm basing it on, so if you're the kind of person who wears their clothes tight, you might want to order two sizes up.  It was more stretchy than expected, and the arms fit fine which is what I was most worried about.


5' tall


39" bust


26" waist


42" hips


13" upper arm circumference


I got a large, and it fits perfectly. For all the people worried about arms, my upper arms are pretty muscular, and that's what I was most worried about. The arms are totally fine; no need to worry. Just order one size up from your normal one, and  everything will be great!


I was quite happy, with this one,.. Currently, I am in the process of loosing my weight, since I had foot surgery, Nov. 11th, 2016. I was out for about 4 months, so, just as soon, as I get back down, to 40", around the tummy area, it will be a perfect fit. I actually love this one.  And have decided to keep it.  I still even have time, to loose 20lbs. More, maybe it will still happen, prior to Phoenix Comic-con, and I'll be able to actually wear it, I hope so, this is a great one, folks.  Have  a Happy Easter.  Well, you know what they, say: Third times a charm,..!


It fit perfectly and looked gorgeous. I got so many compliments on it, and one lady actually bought one for herself.  It's stretchy. Snug without being tight. The velvet looked very high quality. I will be buying the blue one soon.


This is a lovely dress!  I bought it for our 13 year old who needs a long black dress for her choir and piano performances.  She is 5'2" and weighs 120 lbs. I bought the small and it is a tad roomy but not enough to look awkward. The dress has a nice drape and looks beautiful on her.  Even with 1" wedges on her feet, the dress hits the floor.  We will need to hem it so she doesn't trip when walking.  I was worried the v-neck would be too revealing but it is not.  It covers her well and looks appropriate.


I ordered a large, I weigh 145lbs, 5'7" 36-27-44 measurements... it fits me perfectly.  It's a beautiful fabric and I have been wearing to all the Christmas parties.  The wine red is not a bright red but a lovely deep rich color.  It is high waisted and bodice is high and fitted and then flows out in a nice shape.  Length is just above the ankle.  I'm 36B so you might need to order a larger size for larger cup sizes.  The dress is very comfortable and soft.  I got a lot of compliments!  I liked it so much I bought one in every color!


Dress just arrived today and it is PERFECT!  I was so confused about size to order because there were so many varying suggestions!  So here's my deal......I am 5'4" and usually wear a 14 ( can wear a 12 if expensive). However, I have a little more tummy than I'd like and I am not big breasted. So I took a chance and ordered an XL....and the fit is spot on!  The v-neck is a bit high so I did what one other reviewer did and adjusted it with a pin. When it arrived there was not one wrinkle. You can literally put it on upon arrival and head out the door!  Love the weight and the color...I ordered the green for a formal holiday dance. It's a winner!!


This is really a gorgeous dress.  I ordered a large and it fits perfectly.  If it's helpful, my measurements are: Height 5'5", 38-33-38.  Fits me as though it was tailored for my specific measurements.  The sweep on the skirt is wide, but it hangs beautifully.  You don't feel as though there is a lot of material and it's also very warm.  I purchased the green and purple.  I will say the colors are very dark, so if they are out of your size in black, you could easily wear the beautiful green.  I think the colors look lighter on-line because the camera flash hits the dress resulting in a lighter color.  However, it's not light.  Shipping was fast and the price was extraordinary.  Thanks UrbanCoCo.  I will be back for more.


I normally wear a medium to extra large on my 5'5" frame depending on the brand. This is a beautiful dress for the price and I ordered an xxl because reviews stated this ran small. The arms were so tight I had to return it. It also would have been too short with anything but flats. So sad.


This dress is beautiful and rich looking. It is heavy and long. The v neck naturally lands higher than I'd prefer. The 2XL seems to be inline with the size dimensions stated, but the upper arms are slightly tighter than I'd prefer and the bodice is slightly loser than the "fitted" look I was going for. I'm 5'6" 215 pounds. The hem hits the ground for me.


