I actually bought this dress for a costume. It was a bit warm, but since I am always cold, that didn't bother me. However, if you are usually hot, this is not the dress for you! Also, this dress was extremely tight in the chest. It fit everywhere else just fine, but the bust was way too small for me. Granted I have a rather large chest (34DD), but I ordered a size up based on the reviews (Large rather than Medium - my usual size), and it was still incredibly tight across the chest while fitting (even being a bit large) everywhere else. Bottom line, if you are generally hot or if you are well endowed, find another dress!


Ordered this for my granddaughter to go to a Valentine banquet.  I ordered some rhinestone lace and added to the neck line.  Absolutely Beautiful!


Love ,love the dress fits as expected, very elegant and received many compliments while wearing this dress. Love the fabric ,very soft and great value for the money. Will definitely order from this company any day due to their prompt service.


Purchased this in the green velvet. Color is rich and beautiful. Material is nice and has some stretch to it. It’s a comfy dress, sleeves are nice and long, dress is a nice long length.


I'm very petite so it doesn't fit amazing, but i love the texture and material!


This dress is beautiful on, but I was picking between a few dresses to wear to an event and ultimately chose another dress to wear.  If you choose this dress it is very elegant looking and comfortable.


Lovely!  It drapes beautifully.  I'm 5'6" and the hem line is to the top of my ankles.  It IS a tad heavy but will be lovely to wear in cold weather!!


The dress is beautiful and I will tell you the color is spot on what I was looking for and It will be easy to wear.  I'm 5' so it does go to the floor. so if your short it goes past the ankles for sure!  But I like it it's cold where I live so I'll be in it to stay warm as well. Oh and the V neckline is higher than I thought it would be that's the missing star but like I say It's a keeper!


Beautiful dress...well made and the color is a true black


This dress is just a lovely as described by the positive reviews.  I ordered the green and am delighted with it.  The only thing I will add is that at 5'4" is is a FULL MAXI LENGTH dress that will work fine with heels!!


