This dress was even better in person, I got the burgundy one. I got so many compliments, I will definitely be buying another one. The size is pretty accurate. I'm 5'2 and the length was perfect. Without heels it was a bit off the floor, so I didn't drag it at all. This dress is a Medium and fit perfectly fine, but I think next time I'll be going for a small.


I ordered this for a princess ball with my granddaughters.The large size fit my size 10-12 body perfectly. It is very well made and the fabric is lustrous. The style is as pictured and it has a wonderful deep green color. I got compliments on the dress from my daughter, daughter in law and my granddaughters called me Princess Baba. ( Baba is their pet name for me as grandma).


I purchased this dress in both red and black.  The red dress is an awesome and a flattering fit.  The drape is comfortable and concealing of those little imperfections.  I'm 5'4" tall and the length was just short enough to wear with low heels, although I did have it shortened to a mid-calf length.  If I didn't have time to do that, I could have worn it as is.  The fit was really quite perfect.  The black dress in the exact same size is too tight in the arms and bodice and I have to return it but I plan to order again in the hopes that it will fit as the red version did.  I plan to wear this for Holiday parties and it's nice to find a dress with sleeves for evening wear!


Im 5'7, 165lbs and wearing a size XL which was definitely too big for me. The dress itself is made well, but the fit was very matronly. There is really no shape to the bottom, it's just hangs there.


I ordered a small and it fit perfectly. The material is nice and I'm happy I didn't order a medium cause it would've been big on me (I'm 5'4 and weigh around 110-115 lbs).


This dress is gorgeous!  The neckline is very modest and the long sleeves go a tiny bit past the wrist.  It is a true ankle length, so if you are short, it will drag on the floor.  The color is more of a deep red, but of course, it's velvet, so when the light hits it, it may look lighter or darker.  It's very soft and comfortable but truly elegant.  it is absolutely perfect for a winter occasion, when formal wear is appropriate but you don't want to wear a ball gown-type dress.


It's beautiful but I think its better for a girl with a larger upper area. My size is 32B and I bought a medium which was waaay to big in the waist (waist size is 29.5) and basically everywhere else. So I returned it and bought a small. Well that size wasn't perfect either (although it will do since I don't feel like returning it) because even though the waist was smaller this time, it was still a bit flappy on the sides slightly above my waist. I think a velvet belt can fix that.


I read all reviews and looked at all photos in the review of the various ladies. I just got the dress opened it tried it on warm, comfy, elegant, awesome quality material finally a vendor that sends a product of clothing that’s not a lie. I’m wearing it Dec 16 th to my Sorority Xmas party. ΖΦB


As others have said, this fabric is lovely but the fit is way off. I'm 5'9", size 12, and bought the XL based on reviews. However, the bodice is ridiculously short and didn't come down underneath the bustline where it belonged. The V was clear up at the base of my neck. So sorry to send this back, I really wanted to love it. I wish they'd make these dresses to fit American women, like make the bodice about 4-6" longer? But the color and drape are gorgeous!


Beautiful dress, but, as usual, when they modify these dresses to be a plus size, they always do it dis-proportionately. Instead of making the whole dress larger, they only make the waist size larger. Very disappointed!  It fit fine in the waist, but the shoulders, bust and sleeves were way too tight. I don't know as I've ever seen a woman with those proportions--skinny arms, small bust, large waist.....unless they were pregnant..... Maybe They accidentally sent me a maternity dress??? Anyway, I sent it back.


