This dress is beautiful. The color has a sheen to it that makes you stand out in the crowd. I will be wearing this dress to church when I am ushering.


The length is okay for me because I am tall. I plan to purchase more colors.


this is a great dress for the price I ordered a medium because thing that cost little usually run small and I don't like a tight fit or it to short - this is a little large for me but i kept it as it is for a Masquerade Ball - so I put a hoop skirt slip under it and it came out great. I am 5"5' 125 lbs 63 years old. The gown came to my ankles - I also like because It is warm for the winter and covers me up in the cleavage, very comfortable. I usually wear a size six this is more like a size 8 for a size 6 you might want a small especially for someone younger. If I ordered again I would order a small.


I order five dresses in blue for my nephew wedding and they are amazing! The fitting was outstanding and the color was beautiful. I highly recommend this dress to everyone.


I was the belle of the ball. Love the dress now I want one in every color!


I am 5'5" and 165. Usually a 10-12. Went up to large based on some reviews. Probably could have gotten away with a medium. Drape is lovely. Color match is good (got the red wine one). The v-neck is a little more conservative than photo depicts (even on my DD); which is FINE by me! COMFORTABLE! Arrived fast and free with Prime! And, arrived without wrinkles! Careful of static cling and this thing is heavy. Which would be perfect if I was 110 pounds in the MN winter! Still, a great date night, special occasion, or even dress it down to the office, kind of dress. I paired mine with a simple light girdle to smooth out my hips; cause I'm self-conscious. But, the weight and cut of the dress makes it quite forgiving.


This is a really beautiful dress that I will wear for the holidays. I am 5"3 and a half and usually wear a 16-18.  I ordered an xxl and it works.  It may be a little long for some, but I like that, and with high-heeled boots, it won't be a problem.


I purchased this dress for a Winter Formal. It worked perfect and I received so many complements that night. I’m so happy I didn’t have to buy a maternity dress because this one has a lot of stretch to it. It’s a beautiful sapphire color which is very slimming. I’m glad I didn’t go with the color black because I have like 100 dresses that color already.


It was a cold night since it does snow in Utah but I was kept warm. The material is great quality. Since it’s velvet the dress seemed a little heavy but that did not stop me from dancing the night away. I’m very happy with my purchase.


I love, love, love this dress. It’s so comfortable because it’s a little stretchy and hugs in all the right places. The crossed part over the chest doesn’t show too much cleavage like most dresses. I’m 5’6” and 130-5 lbs and this fits perfectly. It falls just above my ankles. Pretty much tea length. It’s so comfortable, I could stay in it all day and then sleep in it.


The only issue - well, see for yourself. I posted a picture of my hair after I took the dress off. Make sure you do your hair _after_ you put the dress on because it’ll cause a heck of a lot of static! Hehe


I am a musician and need a black dress for performances and this is perfect for winter performances. I can’t wait until my next concert!


The velvet is your typical stretchy type. Nothing special.


I bought this dress for my Church Christmas Celebration.. I'm 5'5. And plus size it fit perfect I wore a  Red Ruffled Shrug with it. I got so many compliments. It fit likes glove. The sleeves were a little long.  But other than that. AWESOME!!!!!!


Overall, I love it.  The color is a rich wine red, the material is a very heavy velvet, and it seems well-made with solid seams and serged edges.  Warning, it's very staticy out of the bag.


Fit: I am 5'6", 155lbs, I ordered a medium and there is a bit of room to spare in the waist without looking baggy (material is a bit stretchy). I would prefer a lower neckline but I think I could adjust that by adding a broach or something.  Only problem is it's a bit short on me so I think I'll only wear it with boots.


Decent price, fast shipping, worth it.


