Beautiful dress! Color is spot on. Better if you are not boobalicious!


I'm 5'4", 35-28-39, with shoulders wider than hips, long and slender arms, high bust, short waist, fairly narrow ribcage, a disproportionate amount of my weight carried in the hips and buttocks but not thighs.  In knits with this much spandex I usually take a women's small or medium (long sleeves, XS or S (short sleeves), XS (sleeveless).  An empire waist that's fitted through most of the torso looks great on my kind of figure.  Reading the reviews, I decided to get a medium, a size larger than average for me.


But... after putting this dress on, I couldn't grab enough fabric on the upper part of the sleeve to rotate it into the right position.  Yup, it was that tight.  After much struggling I finally wrestled the sleeves into position and looked in the mirror -- great from every angle, with substantial fabric, and rich, flattering colors (green and wine red each look nice with pale olive skin and dark brown hair).  However, the waistband rode up over my bust when I raised my arms -- and stayed there.  Hilarious.


So yeah, I'm exchanging it for an XL (same size I usually need when buying non-stretchy tops) but I'm concerned that the fit in the waist will be terrible and that my ability to insert back darts won't be up to the job of handling a thick knit fabric like this.  Fingers crossed.


(Dress is awesome enough otherwise for me to give a much larger size a try.  I may up this rating to 4 stars if the XL manages to be flattering on me despite the huge-for-me waist measurement listed.)


-----


Update:  Inserting back darts (look up "swayback alteration") did help in making the dress conform nicely to my ribcage.  I got a lot of compliments at the holiday party I wore this to!


However, my housemate, who pinned them for me and volunteered to do the sewing so I could get some sleep, took a bit of poetic license with fabric type and left me a note: "Was up until 3am removing cat hair.  Never let this touch carpet.  Kitchen floor is swept and probably the safest place to put on/off.  Perhaps avoid the Satan [sic] Fabric in the future unless an automatic hair remover is included."


A little unfortunate since this company's scoopneck/princess seamed version of this dress in wine was already on its way to me, but a point well taken -- you might want to skip the velvet garments, at least THIS velvet, if you own two long-haired cats, if you haven't already figured such things out for yourself :)


Beautiful dress!  So soft and comfortable for cold weather.  Would recommend without hesitation.


I was pleasantly surprised by the heavy weight of the velvet. I bought a small as recommended by the other reviewers. I am 5'5" and 130lbs. The small fit perfectly.


Glad the dress is stretchy since it's a little tight but still fit.  It arrived in 2 days, just in time for my special event.  I wore a cutout velvet peacock-design light jacket over it.  Rec'd several compliments and a request for how to order so I gladly told them Urban Coco on Amazon.


I'm 5'2" and had to hem it because I can't wear heels.  It is a different sizing system so be sure to follow the recommendations on sizing.  It runs VERY small if you base it in the US sizing system.  I'm 140 lbs and ordered an XL.  It fits perfectly.  LOVE it!  Nice stretch velvet fabric.  Might buy one in another color.


Usually I wear an eight in a women's dress suit so I ordered a medium. I'm just 5'2" and usually everything is too long and the sleeves too long. This was perfect. Very elegant looking and needed no alterations. Very pleased.


Beautiful, rich red velvet. Flattering style for larger size person. Most importantly, super comfortable and light weight.


Fits perfect and is very flattering on your figure. Good quality and a really great price. I was tempted to purchase other colors in this dress.


This looks great on me with a belt, I got it for a holiday party because it's hard to find flattering clothes when you are pregnant. It's a lovely dress.


