Great dress. Wore it onboard Alaska cruise for one formal night. Fantastic! I felt like a princess.  I am 5'1 and wear size 10P I ordered a size XL(ouch) but that's how it measured-out.


It is short-waisted so the dress was petite, however I had to shorten it about 4 inches because I will wear flats.


Fits perfectly.  The material is soft, and does *not* have a yucky plasticky feel.  I am in LOVE!  I am thinking that I might order one in every color.  Caveat:  I have not washed mine yet, I will order other colors only after seeing how it does in the washing machine.


I have not actually worn it yet, just tried it on. it seems to fit very well. It is much better quality than I expected for the price.


Very Happy with the BLUE! Very good quality...heavy and just as described in the picture. It's gorgeous and will be wearing it to church. It's a little large in the waist for me since I have a tiny waist, but I can get it taken up easily. Thinking of posting a picture of it on here at some point since that always helps when I'm shopping online. Thanks Urban CoCo


This is a beautiful dress!  Fits perfectly including a modest neckline. I was concerned it would be too low cut but it is not.  The fabric is beautiful and great quality.  It's a great weight and is not a typical light weight stretchy fabric that shows every curve.  This does not!  It's great and I love it!  For the price it's more than amazing!  Thinking of ordering in another color!


I returned this product because it was too large for me. It is a beautiful dress, and well made. I plan on ordering a smaller size.


I recently wore this to a Christmas party, the actual dress fit well, felt nice, etc. BUT the dye used bleed all over all my undergarments (My bra, spanks) AND MY VERY EXPENSIVE SHOES ARE RUINED!!! I LOVED THOSE SHOES!! I am beyond PISSED!


I ordered up one size and it was still snug in the top (I'm a 38D). I ordered the Purple but received the wine color. Also if you're very tall this will be short for you. I am 5'5" and it was right at my ankles, so no heels.


Not flattering.  Makes me look much heavier. Better for a slim body.  This company uses a quality velvet but I ordered the style from another company that uses crushed velvet which is extremely flattering and I bought all the colors on that one.


Beautiful dress but very small in the arms and chest. Wish it was just a little bigger. Unfortunately I bought this for a December cruise and waited too long to try it on and now can no longer return it. Would have loved it if it would have fit.


