The material is not as nice as the picture looks, but it's okay.  I will wear it, just not as much as I'd hoped.


This dress is beautiful and comfortable.  It looks and feels lush and expensive, and I feel like a queen when I wear it.


This item looked much better that I had expected.  It is becoming quite difficult to find this type of item in the large stores and so Amazon saved the day.


I love this dress, the colour and fabric are rich and elegant.  Because I wore this for a dance performance, I shortened the sleeves so that it was not too hot and I also added an ankle length organza petticoat which made the hemline stand out and swirl beautifully as I turned.  The fabric is stretchy and the fit and length are perfect, I am 5'5" and weigh 110 lbs. and I ordered a size small.


Definitely runs small. I would order one size up from regular size. I normally wear a Large, so I ordered an XL in purple, my favorite color. It was snug on top and in the sleeves, but it gives a bit with wear. It is beautiful and I feel beautiful in it! I wore it Sunday to greet at church and I've never gotten so many compliments in my whole life as I did on Sunday!! The compliments came from men, women and children, and several ladies asked me where I got it! I am ordering 3 more for myself and 1 for my sister-in-law!!


This is a beautiful dress, it is long, but stunning, love the stretch velvet.


I ordered this dress one size larger and it fit me perfectly. I am thrilled at the value of this beautiful garment. It is a high quality velveteen that is plush enough to pass for velvet but not as heavy or stiff. My dress is green. I will most likely order the same item in a different color. I feel so pretty in this dress.


initially was sent a different brand similar product, that one was more like wine red, looser fit and a lighter, less quality fabric compared to the real thing. Make sure the tag says Urban CoCo when you receive it. This Burgundy is true to color of image shown and should not be a bright red. I like the modesty of this velvet dress, not like the current velvet trend of skimpy dresses that have crazy deep plunges. I am 5'2", 115lbs ordered medium, dress length stops right above feet.


Excellent quality dress, very soft and comfy material. However the sizing was entirely too generous for me, I ordered a small (I wear a size 6 in a dress). If there was an XS I'd exchange it but unfortunately there's not so I reluctantly have to return it. But I would still highly recommend this, has a high end feel for the price tag.


I'm 145-150 pounds 5'2ish It fits beautifully. I get so many compliments when I wear this dress. I am tempted to apply dress tape so it shows a bit more clevage, but the modest drape on the bust is good.


