Follow the size chart in the product description (from the sellers) not the default Amazon one and it fits perfect. It is comfortable and looks great on. The color is nice.


This is a beautiful, heavy weight dress that drapes beautifully.  Color is exactly as pictured.  The sleeves fit snugly but not tight across shoulders. I wear a size 18 dress with DDD breasts and was pleased that the neckline is very modest with no cleavage showing--surprising for a v neck


This is a simple and elegant dress that let's the person inside shine forth.  Tasteful and slimming.  The neckline can be adjusted due to the crossover design of the bodice to be less or more revealing.  I was so thrilled with the fit and simplicity of this dress and then the very low price made this a 5 star for me.  Was thinking of getting it in black and burgundy since I love it so much but would not have cause to wear a dress like this that often.


I read all reviews & decided to give it a try.  I'm really happy with the dress.  You cant beat the price.  I ordered xxl, i wear 14/16 jeans normally & xl, 0x or 1x tops.  The xxl fits great. The sleeves are a tad long.  I can see how the sleeves would be too tight for some people though.  I love the length and the dress has nice weight to it.  Great buy!!


Not going to lie, this dress is gorgeous and wildly comfortable!  Love the color, love the texture, love the feel, love-love-love it!  Hurray ME for taking a chance on it!


Great dress, very plain, needs accessories.  The sleeves are snug.  I am 5'4" and weigh 127 lbs and the Medium fits well.  I would not want the sleeves any tighter though.


This jacket fit great! But after trying it on and tearing off tags, when I went to iron it, I realized it has 3 little cuts in one of the sleeves... can't tell you how disappointed I am. It looks as if it was cut by a razor.


I really like the dress it fits as expected and is plenty long for me, I'm 5'6". It is one of the options for my daughter's wedding. I may wear it our we may order more and let the bridesmaids wear this style. The dress came nicely packed and even if I don't use it for the wedding, I might just have to keep it anyway.It is very comfortable and easy to move around in.


The dress is a beautiful. I ordered it in the red wine color. True to size. I ordered my size small. Very comfortable. Nice and warm. Which was what I was looking for. Since I needed it for December. Very good quality. Would definitely recommend.


Even though I followed the size guidelines very carefully, this dress was much too large. The sleeves were at least 2" too long, the waist was very loose and did not come close to fitting, and the hem was too long. I was sad to have to return it.


