The dress is well-made, moderate weight. It has a light stretch to it and the fabric has a very subtle sparkly sheen. I needed something conservative for a winter funeral and this fit the bill nicely for less than $40.


I'm 5'10 & 190 lbs and got an extra large. Had there been time, I would have exchanged for a larger size. The length landed about 2" above the ankles (tea length).


We bought this dress in black for my daughter who has a dress code at high school. Since the fall, she has worn it often and loves it. It washes well and we hang it to dry - no fuss, really, and it has kept its shape and rich color. It is an amazing quality dress with some weight to the fabric. My daughter is 5'5", and the dress is about ankle length on her. It has a full sleeve. It is such an amazing dress that I just ordered her a green one for Christmas. It works great with a pair of dress boots.


This is a gorgeous dress!  The fabric is heavy, stretchy, and drapes beautifully--it might have been made from your Mama's portierres ;-).  It's definitely velvet, and looks expensive.  Whatever has been added to the fabric resists wrinkles.  I was expecting to have to do a lot of steaming, but it could be worn right out of the package.


On my 5'9" frame, it hangs to my instep.  It does not require a slip.


The bodice is surplice style, which isn't my favorite but it fits well, with no gaping, and it's flattering.  Please look at the measurements before ordering.


I purchased this dress to wear to a November vineyard wedding, and I think it'll be perfect, with some strappy little flats and great jewelry.  I ordered a matching chiffon scarf from a different vendor, that I think will be the perfect finishing touch.


This dress is a bargain at the current price, and I'm planning to wear it a lot during the holidays as well, which I wasn't expecting.  If you're on the fence, just order it.  You won't be disappointed.


You can always sew on some gold fringe for the complete GWTW effect. <grin>


This a beautiful long vibrant green dress that quickly catches the attention of many people. I love that it was a thick and heavy material that made it feel really expensive. The only thing that bothered me was that it did pick up lint very easily which is expected due to the material, which is why it should be kept away and only taken out when you are going to wear it. I definitely can't wait to wear it again one day.


Beautiful color...more of a burgundy then a Mulberry... there is give in the material so it does stretch, but overall it flows nicely.  Planning to wear it for a wedding at Christmas time and then later on I could possibly use it for a costume for Halloween or at a Renaissance Faire. Very happy with my purchase.  I got the size large and it fits great: I am 5' 5", 160 pounds and I wear a D bra.


Smaller than expected.


Gorgeous dress! I received several compliments. It's very regal in the blue! It's heavy and warm if you run hot. I'm 5'9" and it hits right at my feet without heels. I wore kitten heels to accommodate the length. I did pin the front to reveal more of my chest as it's very full coverage. I ordered one size larger than normal, and that fit true to size for me.


Wow! Fabulous find, fabric and quality at an amazing price! I was so pleasantly surprised with this dress I ordered for a Halloween costume. Aside from that event, it would be a great holiday or theatre date dress. At 5'7, typically, I wear a size 10 but since I'm curvy, I ordered the large and it was super comfortable.


Totally recommend! I bet the other colours


are just as beautiful.


Overall this dress is beautiful.  The velvet catches light as you move and looks quite elegant.  The fabric is rather heavy, so it drapes nicely.  I ordered XXL, and typically wear a 16-18 in most clothes.  I wear size 40DD bra.  The dress fit great except the upper arms were tight and it was somewhat snug through the chest area.


Beautiful dress. I'm a size 14, purchased this XXL on a chance we had to wear green and I needed it in 2 days. It fit as expected. I'm very curvy from hips on down and have no top (B cup) and have huge hereditary arms. I was so surprised that my arms fit (although fit exact). Got so many compliments.


