The dress was perfect for my masquerade-themed Christmas party I ordered the XXL based on the measurements provided, but it was a bit too big. I had to exchange it for the XL. The dress is stretchy and comfortable.


If you’re on the smaller end of the measurements, I suggest to order a size down.


The neckline was too modest for me. It was too high up. Because it is draped, I was able to sew in a couple of stitches to open it up a bit.


I'm a musician and several of my colleagues have asked where to get this dress. It's easy to take to gigs because it doesn't wrinkle. The stretch in the fabric makes it great for fluctuating weight and the cut is flattering. Easy to dress down for ensemble work and easy to dress up with accessories for formalwear or solo work.


I love this dress. I'm 5'9" and 165 lbs... carrying extra winter weight, that this dress masked beautifully, in a large. The velvet felt rich and decadent.. the cut of the bodice is flattering, the full skirt added a hint of elegance...and the sleeves were long enough. I felt truly beautiful each time I wore it.


I'm 5'6 and 130 lbs.  I ordered a large and it fits. I hemmed it two inches to get it to ankle length.  It's a nice dress and will work for the event I bought it for.  It's not an expensive looking dress...and the wine color is not as deep as I would have liked it...but it's nice.  The price is great.


It was so different from the picture; the cut, the length, the way it sits on the shoulders, the neckline... all look different in a bad way. Very disappointed! The hem was undone at the shoulders. The fabric felt like that of a thick velvet blanket. Very ridiculously cheap and not elegant at all. For sure, I ended up not wearing it. It now sits in my dressing room and reminds me of a cozy blanket every time I look at it.


This dress exceeded my expectations. It is heavy, plush material and there is a LOT of it. I'm 5'7" and it reaches to my ankles. The neckline is not as revealing as it is in the pictures, which also made me happy. It fits nicely and looks like a million bucks. I have received numerous compliments when wearing it.


This dress is amazing. Super comfortable, size is right on. Hangs nicely. Extremely flattering stretchy soft fabric I got it in green and I'm 5 7 and 180 lbs and I got extra large


This is a great dress and I get loads of compliments on it.  I'm 5'4, about 140 pounds and the medium fit perfectly.  I only wish it was a little longer at the bottom.  If you're wearing anything with a heel it's going to be rather short.  I remedied this problem by wearing some stunning shoes with it!


what a great dress. "Meaty" fabric, heavy enough to flow nicely. Long and substantial. The price is amazing. Keeping the medium and sending back the one in Large. Typically wear 10-12.


I love this dress! I bought the green and am wearing it to my stepson’s December wedding, It’s sooo comfortable and flattering! I’m 5’6” and 170 pounds with a 36D bust and bought the large. I probably could have gotten away with the medium, but the dress fits well. The neckline crosses higher than I was expecting which may have been because of the larger size. The length is at my ankle which works for me. This is the perfect dress for the occasion!


