This dress could not be more perfect.  Its beautiful, comfortable fits well, what can I say ...... I could not ask for a more perfect answer to a formal dress.  On top of all that, it was total reasonable cost wise.  I almost wish I needed one in each color.


ordered this dress for a celebration and was very exited to open it. the V neck is perfect and in the picture looks lower than it actually is. the material is stretchy so it is comfortable. I an 5ft 1 and the dress goes down to the floor. I need to get heels so the dress doesn't drag but the dress is very comfortable. on me the sleeves are longer than in the picture. i would recommend this dress for the winter. In the picture the dress looks like a navy blue but in person it is a royal blue. i think this dress is very nice. i got 2 dresses and one of them i got a silver belt for. I tried the belt with this dress but the dress looked better without it. Personally i think the price is a HUGE deal because it looks and feels like it should cost more.


Here is a link to the shoes i got for the dress:


https://www.amazon.com/WeYoh-Suede-Girls-Wedges-Heels/dp/B018I4XSEE/ref=sr_1_118?ie=UTF8&qid=1514127495&sr=8-118&keywords=blue+wedge+bootie


i didnt get the shoes yet but i am very exited for then to come


I got this sorta for Halloween sorta for myself. It feels way nicer made than I thought it would, and it feels pretty warm and comfy. I'm 5'9" and I'll have to look up what size I got, but it went down to my feet which is important to me in a maxi so I don't look awkward.


Based on other's reviews, I wasn't sure what size to order-and thought this might help others decide.  As others have said, this dress is a lovely heavy 95% polyester, 5% spandex velvet.  I ordered this dress in the deep green for a princess Merida costume.


I am 5'5" ish, and the dress skims the floor in my flip-flops.  I am 135-140lbs, small-boned and soft-ish, and a US size 8, so I ordered this dress (made in China) in an XL.  Dress has some weird fits for the female body-but I believe will work okay for a costume.  Sleeves are long (can be turned under and basted) and fairly tight-fitting.  Bodice of dress is loose on my mid-sized bustline, and v-neck is quite high and modest. There is a wide band inset under bustline, that is several inches above belly button. (I don't believe this is apparent in picture shown on Amazon.)  I believe a larger bust would pull down on the really high-waisted top, creating a deeper v-neck.  Fabric flows over waist and hips from high waist, and there is a lot of fabric.  Loose, not form-fitting.  However, due to this dress being a slip-on over the head (no buttons, snaps or zippers) it would probably be difficult to get it on, if it were form-fitting, or if I'd gone with a smaller size.


3 stars for the soft, comfy fabric and fulfilling a need for an inexpensive costume.  Deducting stars for tight sleeves and loose bodice which doesn't hug curves.


I wore this dress in a New Year's Eve wedding, and I felt like a princess.  I ordered an XL so that I could have it long enough to be to the floor.  The neckline was sooo pretty, and I received tons of compliments.


https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017XIM7SO/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_8


It was a very nice dress, but following the review suggestion, I ordered large. It is indeed, large. If you wear medium usually, buy medium!


The color (green) was beautiful, and so was a the fabric. It is a bit longer than I anticipated (I am 5'7 1/2 and large was swimming on me as well as too long) Beautiful dress, however.


I returned it. Bust too high, arms too thin...great for a maniquin


Great dress! I got so many compliments. I did have to get mine altered but I'm short 5'1". I got the sleeves shortened as well. It's heavy and looks great. The color is fabulous. If you're trying to dance in this when I did turns there was static from rubbing on my partners pants so it actually stopped me from turning. But overall great buy!


First - thank you to everyone who shared their photos! I was apprehensive about the lack of stretch in the arm of the dress based on the previous comments so I decided to order a XL and XXL in different colors (plus, I will be wearing this dress when i'm 9 months pregnant). It is SO comfortable and personally the arms of the dress were not too tight for me. Even being 8 months pregnant now there is still some stretch in the XL size and plenty of room XXL in the waist area; I probably could have ordered a L and it would have been fine too.


Fits great! I normally wear a size 12 so I ordered a large and it fits perfectly. The neckline is an appropriate height, the sleeves and waist aren't too tight, and the skirt has a nice swing to it. The only complaint I have is that I ordered the mulberry expecting it to have more of a purple hue and it arrived red. Still beautiful, just not mulberry. Very comfortable dress and not too heavy at all - would definitely recommend!


