Comfortable and modest.  The V-neck stays modest even when I leaned forward.


I received numerous complements on how nice this dress looked.  Caution If you are shorter than 5'3" this dress will probably be too long.  I am about 5'3 1/2 and I had to be careful with the length of the skirt.  I ordered the medium (in blue) which fits great. I am about 135 lbs.  The velvet is very plush and feels nice.


The dress washed nicely.


I wear a size US 14-16 so I ordered the xxL. It fit fine with room for some stretch.  The primary reason I returned this dress is because it is really heavy velvet and drags down. In the picture it looks much lighter and more flowing.  This dress would be absolutely perfect for a dance or party in winter, somewhere like a castle in Scotland where you need to stay warm.  With Central heating here in the US you would be overcome really quickly with heat stroke. Fits great but just too heavy and the sleeves are tight and LOOOOOONG.  Over the hands long.


This is a perfect concert dress.  I bought the XL due to previous reviewer's comments and it fit perfectly.  The material is very heavy and of very good quality. Even under the stage lights I was not too hot.


I cannot say enough good things about this dress! I am a bigger girl, 5 foot 3 and 250 lb I bought a 2X and a fit like a dream. It flowed nicely and showed off all the right curves. I was worried it would be too hot because it's built it but I had no issue. I bought it in purple and the color is stunning. I thought for sure that the neckline would be to plunging but I'm me it was quite conservative which is what I like.


This is a great dress and for the great price! I absolutely love it! However, take it one size smaller then you need. I typically wear M, sometimes even L for the tops. Ordered both M and L to try on and both were too large! Had to return both and ordered S instead, which fits perfectly. The velvet is stretchy. This dress has a high waist which gives a flattering look to not very tall women.


First, I am short but this is VERY long...  This is floor length (dragging on the floor for me) and not mid-length at all.  The color is pretty.  Looks like it's made well.  Very soft and heavy.  The sleeves are a bit long.  It's also much more conservative than the pictures appear.  The top is not cut low at all.  It's a little too "old lady-like" even though I am the "old lady." :)  If someone is 5 ft 5 inches and taller and if you want a conservative  velvet dress, this should fit the bill.  I think on the right body, it's probably a very pretty dress.


So soft, and the color is so rich. It doesn't bleed into the wash, although I wouldn't toss it carefree in with the whites. The fit is good, and although there initially was a lot of loose lint and stuff on the product upon arrival, that goes away after the first wash. I will be purchasing more once winter sets in.


This dress is beautiful.  Awesome price for a simple, classic looking dress.  I haven't washed it yet, but can say it cleans up easily.  I was an idiot and left the bottom of the dress hanging out of the door in our car.  75 minutes later after driving through the salt filled snowy roads in Minnesota I simply brushed off the dirt and snow off with my hands in the parking lot.  I got really lucky.  Got lots of compliments about the dress.  It probably more for evening wear, but I wore it because I wanted a long dress during the winter.


The dress fit me well. I am short, 5', so i had to have it shortened by 3 inches. I felt elegant in the wonderful  stretchy soft velvet. Got many compliments. The dress  draped  well on my frame. I love that the stretchy material allowed me to pull it on over my head; no zippers, buttons, snaps. I  haven't  washed it yet so I  can't review  how it launders. The price was very reasonable. I was comfortable  in dress all evening. It didn't  pull, bind,  or drag on my shoulders. I couldn't  have wished for anything more.


Wow, what a beautiful dress, especially for the price. I am 5'8", usually wear a size 10, and the medium was just perfect. I mean, fit everywhere. Sleeves hit a the wrist, length perfect. The fabric is lush, stretchy velvet, and the color is divine--mulberry is a rich cranberry/wine color. The skirt is a circle, and hence has a lot of drama to it. If you have a large chest, you might need to size up as I am small on top and the bodice fits me just right. Elegant for a winter event, and with the right jewelry (e.g., a crown) could also a really good Cersei Lannister costume next Halloween. And bonus: the dress is COMFY.


