Tried it on as soon as the package arrived.  I'm 5'6" and wear size 14/16; bought the size XX-large after reading other reviews.  I was quite anxious about purchasing it since I have an odd body shape that makes it difficult to find flattering dresses but this fits beautifully. The length is perfect for me, hitting right at my ankles.  The dress flows just right over the curves.  It has a nice weight to it that will work well for wearing it during colder weather.  The sleeves weren't too tight on my un-toned arms and the v-neck wasn't as deep as I first thought it would be.  It's lovely.  Will be purchasing in more colors soon.


good quality, looks great on.


I had to leave a review immediately because of how pleased I am with this purchase! Before I ordered this dress, I read through the customer reviews and decided based on those to order a size up--and I am so glad I did! For reference, I'm 5'7 and 135 pounds and based on the company's sizing chart I would have originally ordered a Large- but instead went +1size and ordered a blackish green XL and it fits PERFECTLY. The sleeves are just the right amount of snugness and end right at my wrists, the cut of the dress at the chest is gorgeous and modest, and the length of it hits the bottom of my ankles! It is quite a heavy material which I love, it doesn't feel cheesy, is very comfortable, and looks gorgeous. Also, with standard shipping, it arrived at my house a whole WEEK early. I'm so impressed. I had my doubts when ordering online, but this has turned out to be a wonderful experience overall! I feel so lovely in this dress and could not be happier with it-- I never want to take it off! Thank you Urban CoCo!!!


I loved this dress, keep in mind the sizing of the chest and waist and it will be fine. The green is a tad darker but I guess it depends on the light. Cozy and warm, expect static.


Gorgeous dress!! Size was little snug..... but worked fine for me.


I actually needed a velvet skirt for a costume, so I chopped to top off :)  Was much better quality than I had expected.  The velvet skirt online was $60, this dress was almost half that price


Much too heavy and matronly.


I've previously purchased a long velvet evening dress in blue from Amazon and have been happy with it, always getting compliments on the dress when I wear it.  I wanted  the red color for the holidays, and knowing these dresses run small, I ordered up a size to XL. For reference, I am 5'4", 36B bust, 31" waist, 41" hips. The shipping was very fast (one week from order date to delivery) and I got it today,Christmas Eve.  Anxiously took it out of the package and tried it on.  Fit is great!  I have broad shoulders and un-skinny upper arms, so ordering the larger size was the way to go - no tightness or binding in the shoulders or arms. The waist is a tad loose but I can live with that.  Lengthwise, the dress hits the floor in my bare feet.  Material has a nice soft feel and has a good weight to it - the dress flows when you walk in it.  Will probably order another color.


This dress was warm, elegant, and beautiful for our work Christmas ball. I'm so thankful i purchased this! Everyone complemented it all night! Highly recommend!


