This was a nice dress with beautiful color. It was a tad snug on me.  I think others would be comfortable with the fit, but I’m older and felt a little self conscious. The neckline was a nice vee without being too long.


Beautiful velvet- dark green stretches but the top was a bit short from shoulder to waist and I have to keep tugging it down but the skirt is full and long. I was wearing this as a Mrs. Claus costume since so many Mrs. Claus dresses are expensive and rather cheap cotton and I needed something fast. I also personally don't like red. This dress brought me very many compliments.


I love the style and quality of the dress, but it is very small for a US XXL. It was more US small size. I will not purchase from this seller until they sizes are properly adjusted.


I absolutely LOVE THIS DRESS!  I'm going to wear it to church for our New Years Eve Watch service. I feel like a queen in the dress I tried it on today the fit is great! It made me smile and it is heavy but not too but its perfect because its been so cold here in Michigan! I'm a


very satisfied customer.  The sleeves weren't tight at all the dress is long but oh so elegant nothing a pair of high heels won't fix.


Runs a little small, however it was perfect for my bridesmaids for my winter wedding! Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a warmer option! The quality was great, and the velvet was really soft.


Pretty dress, but runs small and bust is quite small. I am busty (not uncommon for size 16 or XL) and this dress would be flattering to my body type however the fabric in the bust is too little and seams ride right across bustline - not a good look.


The cut of this dress is small but I would have kept it but there was a piece of velvet missing. It basically looked like it had a whole it. The dress was pretty but who wants a defective dress?


Good product for the price, but sized too large. I re-ordered this dress in small and it's perfect.


I bought this dress in black and mulberry and love them. The material is heavy, great for winter. I can dress the black one down with a belt.


I wear a size 10 so I ordered size large. The top is a little big but I am a pear! Rather than return the dresses I will wash them and hopefully the dryer will shrink the a bit.


The fabric was heavy, perfect for a holiday party, but the fit was off.  If I ordered this again, I'd order it early and maybe purchase two sizes to see what works.  It just didn't fit right.


