Beautiful dress! As other reviewers mention it does certainly run small. So buy at least two sizes up, maybe 3 even.


great to wear around the house...but skirt is way too full and unflattering when the top fits very nice and snug.  Heave stretch velvet fabric....


Worried it wouldn't be good quality! It's gorgeous! Very pleased!!!


I wore this beautiful royal blue velvet dress for New Years Eve and got so many compliments from complete strangers!  I had one woman say to me, "Your dress is so beautiful I can't stop staring at it."  Another young man broke away from his group to tell me, "Beautiful dress."


I marked "Somewhat small" because the arms were a little tight, but otherwise it fit nicely.  The material is heavy, like you'd expect velvet to be.  It came to my ankles and I'm 5'6", so it might be long on shorter women.  The material is stretchy, so I didn't have any trouble in the bust where I usually have difficulty with dresses.  I'm overweight, so I ordered an XL, so while it didn't hold my stomach in, I was very comfortable all night.  I also tend to get warm, so I was worried about the long sleeves, but I never felt overheated wearing this.


The dress was delivered in two days, as promised, and was not wrinkled even though it was sent in a rather small bag.  I would highly recommend this dress to anyone looking for a knock-out dress that is comfortable and priced right!


The dress is beautiful and a lovely fabric and cut, however, it runs small. I ordered a Large and normally wear a size 8, bust 36A and I am 5'9" tall. The dress fits me perfect but I have slender arms and the arms on this dress are somewhat snug. Also, the dress has a full skirt and is tea length on me so beware if you are a shorter stature or a fuller figure. Quality is good but not true to size.


I bought this dress for prom in green. Read the reviews before buying. I'm a medium with the occasional fitting into small so if you are medium/small you could get a medium and be good. If you are medium/large go with a large and if you are small/medium small is good. What I'm saying is, if you know your build and how things usually size, order accordingly. Such a pretty dress I got a ton of compliments. Not too warm and not too thin. Perfect weight and length. I'm a medium/small and I got a large and could have gotten away with a medium but the large fit nice just a little non fitting in the waist. No slip needed had a wonderful night


The fabric is soft and stretchy but it was very unflattering on me.  I'm 5'8" bust 36


You can’t go wrong with this dress! Reasonably priced too. It’s made with a beautiful stretch, medium weight velvet. The dress looks elegant with a flowing skirt, and very comfortable to wear. I am 55+ yrs old, 5’, 135 lbs. and wear 34D/36C. I purchased the Mulberry color dress in 


 both a Lg and an XL based on the reviews, and I usually wear a Med/Lg. I fit the XL better for a moderate fit. If I had a younger more fit body, then a size Lg would have been fine. The neckline is conservative, perfect for me. With PRIME, delivery was fast and free. I recommend this dress; just go up one size. https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017XIM7MU/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0


I returned it.  I did order one size up (size L).  The fit was fine.  The reason why I didn't like it is - that the fabric is a thick/heavy fabric which didn't do anything for my figure.  It is the difference between wearing a dress made of cotton or a heavy weight bathrobe/ bath towel material.  It is closer to bathrobe for me.  The material is stretchy and I like the green color.  I think the same style in a different fabric would be much better.


The only reason this dress is getting a four is that the upper bodice could be an inch longer for me (at least).  I am full figured in that area and it was a challenge to keep my bosom above the wide waist band.  Fortunately, I have a bra that helps.  Other than that, the dress was perfect.  I am 5'5".  The dress was the perfect length if I wore heels (1.5"), though a touch too long for flats.  It is soft, Soft, SOFT!  Also it is very comfortable.  The sleeves were full length on me, though they don't appear to be on the model.  I pulled it straight out of a vacuum-sealed bag and it was ready to wear.  There was no crumpling.  That makes this a good dress for travel.  I got a lot of compliments when I wore it on Christmas Day.


There are no zippers or buttons on the dress.  When I first went to pull it on, I thought it was going to be too tight, partly because of how the cross-over bodice is constructed.  Once I got it on, though, and my bosom up where it belonged with respect to the dress, I was very happy with it.


