Based on the comments I ordered a large even though I wear a size 8 - probably could have got away with a medium but the fit made the dress very flowy which I liked.  The fabric is beautiful - really attractive velvet.  I ordered the royal blue and wore it to a black tie gala, receiving many compliments.  The neckline is very modest and a bit higher than I expected from the pictures.  Still, this is an incredibly elegant dress for the price.  Needed absolutely nothing when it arrives -- take it straight from the box and you are good to go...  dress is so comfortable you could sleep in it!


I ordered this as a gift for my mother. But i did want to check it out (try it on) before wrapping it up to make sure it would probably fit and for comfort. Wow... this is such a rich beautiful dress. I ordered a small and am generally a size 8 in dresses. it fits perfect and the velvet is soft and thick and warm. SO flattering!


Very flattering fit. I ordered the green velvet. Love the look. Got lots of compliments. Sleeves are a bit too tight to push up, so be prepared to have sleeves long the whole night. Almost floor length on me because im short 5 ft


I really love this dress! It is beautiful, heavy, and has a gorgeous shimmer to it. It is a little bit larger than I expected, but the high-cut waist helps make it more flattering. I have a dangle necklace that I wanted to wear with it, but the neckline is higher than I expected and it doesn't look right. I think a choker necklace would work well with this dress. Overall, though, it's beautiful, comfortable, versatile, and pleasantly cozy for a winter party.


Absolutely LOVE this dress, but had to return it because it was WAY too small. I wear a Ladies (US) size 12 and I could barely get my arms in it. Couldn't move once I got it on so had to return it.Made me very sad because it was exactly what I was looking for and the color is beautiful...


I just received this, and I could not be any happier!  The dress fit perfectly, is very well constructed and is just absolutely gorgeous on.  Thank you so much!  I purchased it for an upcoming family wedding and it is formal, but not too formal. (I don't want to look like a bridesmaid.) The material has a lovely drape, almost a swing to it when you turn.  It's really just lovely.  If you have any doubts whasoever, know that this is a solid purchase and you will not regret it for the price.  Also, velvet is classic and never really goes out of style for formal occasionsl


THIS fits like a dream: I went from 110 to 140 in months, and it fit  the entire time. Not to mention it's really pretty: I get compliments everywhere. And it's a throw-it-over-your-head and go number: my fav! Oh yeah it's lovely and warm too.


YES PLEASE!! Ordered this HOPING i wouldn't have to endure a shopping nightmare to find a something with a formal flair. The thought of scouring the stores, most likely needing alterations and paying out the nose for something I would only wear once or twice was discouraging. PRESTO! This arrived yesterday and is PERFECT. It's a winner in every way. DID I JUST PAY NEXT TO NOTHING FOR A FORMAL, VELVET DRESS TO WEAR TO A WINTERTIME GUBERNATORIAL INAUGARION AND BALL? Yes. Yes I did. It will be smashing with some diamond drop earrings and such ~ I'm 5'4" and skims the floor w/o my heels. Again, perfect for what I was needing. Never thought this was gonna be so easy...


The velvet fabric is good..the design very comfortable (as I am an older lady) ..long length for me as I am short.  Having it hemmed and the extra fabric made into a belt or scarf.  For the price I consider it a good buy.


My husband insisted I buy this dress in black.  The first one I purchased was Wine Red and we both thought it was beautiful.  I am 5 ' 7" and weigh 128 lbs.  Small was perfect for me.  Comfortable, stylish, fun swirly dress.  Can be dressed up or down.  Love it.


