I wear size 8-10 in dresses and I ordered a size small, it fit but was snug. I returned the small and purchased a size medium and it's more than perfect. this cut is very flattering and comfortable


I really like this dress that I ordered for Christmas.  As plus size person I feel this dress fit right, the top was a tiny bit tight, but overall looks really nice!  1 negative comments that mine came to my house smelling liket mint. Whether that is a manufacturing smell or a packaging smell or what - for someone who doesn't like strong scents it was a little odd.


This dress is so comfortable. It fit just right and I received many compliments. What a great price!!


The dress arrived in good condition and on time.  I'm not sure if the dress is a little big or just has a baggy-ish fit.  I would have preferred it be a little more fitted so next time would have ordered a small.  The material seems to be fairly stretchy and made well.


Fits well!  It does not have much of a slimming effect around the waist  but it has a nice simple look so I like it.


This dress is velour and cut like something I would wear to bed. Has a nice nightgown-look to it. It would be comfortable for sure.  However, I am looking a dress to wear to a formal event, not to wear for movie night at home.


nice style and


design---wayyyyyy too small


This dress is absolutely gorgeous!! I received so many compliments on it. Its such a classy dress. Its the perfect dress for pear shaped figures. It was longer than the pic only because i wore flats, but was such a great fit ! The sizes run slightly larger to accommodate everyone. Its so pretty Id like to order another dress  in another color now.


I'm 5'7, 150lbs, DD bust, I ordered a XL, but could probably have done a L as it is a stretch velvet. The fabric is of much better quality than I expected for the price and the color ( mulberry ) is deep and rich.


The Only thing I liked about this dress is the color I did order the wine color, as far as the dress, a nice dress just not what I ordered at all, I ordered a long dress and received a short dress, never again, urban Co co.


