This was the perfect “Aunt/wedding planner” dress! I literally thru it on and ran out the door! The material is stretchy so, it was forgiving for a full figured girl like me! Didn’t have time for the spanks but that would be recommended but not required since the bodice “clings”. However, the gathering and plunge can be adjusted with just a tug, for just about any size bust. I’m a 40DD and wear an 18-20. There would have been plenty of room for a larger bust or the stretchy gathering would have made up the difference in a smaller bustline while maybe even “enhancing” the silhouette!


Since it is somewhat high-waisted with ample material, it falls smoothly from the lower rib cage, helping to beautifully camo my “lumpy bumpys” even without my spanks! It was super comfy the whole night.


My only complaint (thus 4 stars) is the crush of the velvet. I had it professionally steamed and still needed to re-steam it the night before, trying to get rid of the crush-creases from being packaged for shipping. They never came out but it still photographed beautifully!


Love these as winter weight dresses. Formal, great for a winter wedding! The fit was wonderful, material is a nice thick velvet, not too heavy but not to lightweight either. Loved the colors, bought green and wine/burgundy - like beautiful velvet jewels! All nicely serged and well sewn. Love them!


I really really really want this dress.  The fabric is very nice.  If it fit, I would likely buy 2. Maybe even a 3rd.  Unfortunately, I can usually wear an x-large, so based on the many reviews I read, I ordered the XXLarge.  One sleeve seems to be twisted and much smaller than the other.  It was so tight that I couldn't even move it on my arm to try to straighten the seam.  And, it's not tea length as the model displays.  I'm 5'7" and it was to my feet.  The fabric is nice and has a good weight to it.  I need a dress like this.  If I thought it was a fluke, I might reorder, but I can't honestly recommend ordereing it.


This dress was gorgeous and would be very warm to wear in the winter.  I didn't keep it because it was simply too much.  The velvet was beautiful and lush, but with the rich color and the deep nap, it swallowed me up.  It reminded me of a gown you would put on a group of singers to make them look uniform in a Christmas concert.  I really wanted to find a way to wear this dress....instead, it wore me.  I couldn't keep it for that reason, but it was with significant regret that I returned it.  Quality was great for the price.


I needed a warm dress for a Business Christmas party. This worked, I added a large contrasting broach (antique store) to the waist to give it a belt like appearance. I wore spiked black boots which made the length just right. The color was flattering. The fit was perfect. Flattered my waist. It is just a bit boring for me. I am over 50, 5'4, 135 lbs, I have a broad back so I wear a 40 sports bra. (40AA bras waist of my time to try and find) slender arms, no butt or thighs. Hope this helps.


I usually don't write reviews for things I buy online. However, I LOVE this dress so much that I had to write one. I bought this for my company Christmas party this year. Time was short and I needed an inexpensive dress but didn't have time to go to the store and shop. I'm always hesitant to buy clothing (other than T-shirts) online, but after reading numerous reviews and looking at the size chart I decided to take the plunge. As soon as I pulled it out of the package I loved the color and the feel of the material. When I put it on I couldn't help but feel glamorous. I got so many compliments on it the night of the party. It really is a wonderful dress, I can't wait to get it in multiple colors :)


For a "sight unseen" (aside from photos, of course) purchase, this gown fits me like a kid glove, and flatters my less-than-ideal shape with contour-embracing, soft, smooth draping, all so symmetrically balanced and gracefully flowing!  I couldn't have acquired a more suitable gown if I had one custom-designed for me, personally. Oh, and the velvety fabric is luscious, the burgundy wine shade, sublime! Needless to say, I would highly recommend this dress!


I LOVE this dress!! All the reviews I read were accurate! Listened to the size comments everyone mentioned and the size I ordered fit great!!!!! I usually size 14-16 and am 5'1'' and I ordered an XXL it's a tad longer than the photo on me  (because I'm so short) but works out great!!


This dress is so beautiful, and is very well made, don't let the price fool you.  The velvet is thick and soft, but not too heavy, the color is beautiful, and the skirt is just the right amount of fullness.  What I like most is because the velvet sticks to itself, the wrap bodice can be adjusted to have a high necked or low necked look and it will stay in place.  I love this dress so much, I am tempted to get one in every color.


Four words:  Cruise ship formal night.  This is a great, budget friendly choice for those formal nights.  I'm 5'4", 175#, 40D and the XXL fits perfectly.  The mulberry is a deep color and very heavy - and it nearly, but not quite, reaches the ground - and is satisfyingly swirly.  Put your other half in a black suit and you will be ready to rock the pictures.


I'm buying another in black.  It's a heck of a value, even if I only wear it a few times.


