This dress is okay.  The material is so thin it is see-through for the most part, so I have to wear dark cami and shorts under it.  Fine for playing in concerts, but I don't expect it to last long..


More people should write reviews like this:


My bust size is 40"


My waist size is 35"


I am 5' 2" tall


I weight about 145 pounds.


I bought an XXL


It fits perfectly, except it is about an inch or two, too long. Not really a big deal considering I bought it for a witch costume. The material is warm and thick. It fits me perfect in all other areas. It does stretch, so it would fit someone a little bigger than myself (not much), but even being my size it is pretty snug in the waist area. For thirty bucks it's pretty snazzy. It is very comfortable.


This dress fit so much better than I expected. I’m 5’4” 105lbs and I ordered a small. A little loose at the top but looks great and is very comfortable. Doesn’t quite reach the floor but hangs very good.


Nice quality fabric. Looks expensive. I ordered the blue and the color is quite a bit darker than the picture shows. I wear a US size 4 in dresses and got a small, and it fits everywhere except the bust and shoulders. I'm a 34b (barely) and this dress sort of fits without a bra. With a bra, it looks a bit weird but the fabric is stretchy enough to make it work. I think the main issue is the size of the shoulders. They are a bit too small and short, although the sleeves look fine. If you have a larger chest, I would recommend ordering a size or two up. All in all, it is a very pretty and good quality dress for the price.


I ordered a size up and it has plenty of space in all the right places! The color is slightly brighter than the screen shows but overall I liked the dress and plan to order a second in green for Christmas this year.


I bought this in the purple although very dark was very pretty had to really dress it up with blingy jewelry. Has plenty of stretch so I bought a small...glad I did I have a 36" C bust but am barely over 5' ft and didn't have a problem with length. Lots of fabric on the bottom so it does not show any unsightly bulges. I think I would get it in another color too. just because it's so comfy. Wore to a wedding and danced the night away


I should start with I hate dresses - they are just not my thing.  That being said - this thing is so comfortable - I want to live in it... LOVE this dress... I can't believe how wonderfully it fit me.


The first thing I noticed when taking the dress out of the box was the weight. The velvet has some heft to it. The color was darker than in the picture, which I like. The dress fit perfectly, is very flattering, and feels fantastic on. Very comfortable. I am a bit of a dress collector and this is my new favorite dress. It's an incredible value and fantastic product! I plan on buying other colors, and I would recommend this dress to anyone!


Excellent dress!!!  Got reviews and compliments at a Scholarship Formal Ball.  I looked like a million dollars.  Really, Really beautiful quality.


I wear a 14-16.  I got the XXL and it fit perfectly.


The dress is beautiful material. I love the color and the design. I wear a size 14 and ordered XXL and it is somewhat small. I wish it had been available in a size larger. The arms are tight and the bust is small. I am wearing it for a special event and hope it looks nice enough.


