I absolutely love this dress. The color is vibrant, it's soft and comfy. It worked perfectly for the Thanksgiving holiday


Much nicer than I expected....great fit, no alterations needed.  I am 5;2" and it is perfect.


It's very nice quality and reasonabley priced. I love the fit and the velvet is stretchy so it accommodates and flatters my full figure. The color I got, green is even more beautiful than pictured. It almost looks black in subdued lighting. I plan to get another one. I couldn't be more pleased. It arrived very fast, too.


This dress was PERFECT.  I generally wear a size 14.  Bought in size Large.  Perfect fit.


Can't believe how beautiful and elegant it is for such a reasonable price. Wore it to office holiday party.  Received many, many compliments.  Will order in more colors. .


GORGEOUS dress! It fits perfectly, but the arms are really tight. I got the largest size they have, so I'll prob just try to stretch the arm holes. Lovely dress!


This dress is super comfortable,stretch fabric lets you move. I wore it for my son's winter wedding  in mulberry and got alot of compliments.It has a nice drape to it,a good weight,not too heavy but an elegant sway.I pulled the shoulders down to just below my own for added drama. I danced all night in it!


One of the best bargains I've ever gotten! The velour is luscious! A great dress for special occasions!


Great product. Fast delivery!


I just purchased another one of this same dress, in a different color. I wore the red dress on Christmas Eve and everyone commented on how beautiful it was. I love it because it is extremely comfortable and fits perfectly. There is enough support in the top of the dress to go without a bra and the waist is high enough that you don't have to worry about being uncomfortable after eating. I am 5 feet tall, 170 lbs and it came down to the top of my foot, which was a length I was fine with. I recommend this dress without reservation. It is well-made and very eye-catching.


Beautiful rich color and soft flowing fabric. Excellent fit. This dress looks lovely on her just accessoried  with pearls.


