This is a beautiful dress. I am 5'2" so it does reach my ankles but that is totally perfect for me. Will be wearing it for Christmas parties so I will be warm in the chilly weather. I weigh 130 lb with most in my hips - 34B so the small is a perfect fit on the top. No gapping and then falls away to hide my tummy. It falls just like in the picture. There is a little bit of a stretch at the waist so if you are much over 130 and my size, I would suggest sizing up one size.


I bought this dress because I needed something I could wear to the ballet with my daughter. With two day prime shipping and the very reasonable cost, the last minute decision to give it a try seemed like a good bet. I LOVE this dress! I ordered the dark green. The color is lovely, the stitching is good, and it's shaped perfectly to fit without being too tight nor too loose anywhere it shouldn't be. I'm about 5'7, 169ish pounds, and the large is perfect (normally wear about a size 12), if that gives a point of reference regarding sizing. My only complaint is that it's very long, which makes it just slightly more formal than I was expecting when wearing it. It comes to the top of my feet and fits more like a (ball) gown than a dress. It's fine, and looking at the picture, this is not a flaw, I just wasn't expecting it to hit the way it does. I think the twirling in the picture combined with the height of the model makes it look a couple of inches shorter than it actually is. Either way, it's beautiful, and I can't wait to wear it.


I wore this for my daughter's St. Patrick's Day wedding. It fit perfectly, was very flattering, and I received many compliments. It is modest - not low cut at all, so it would work for someone large busted as well as small.. The skirt is very flowy - my 3yo granddaughter kept playing in the skirt as we danced!  The fabric was very soft, but it was also very warm. We never know what kind of weather we're going to have in March - it happened to be a warm day, so this was a little too warm for that day, but I have no regrets. It also washed and dried very well on delicate cycles in the machines. I LOVE this dress!  I might wear it again on Christmas.I added a crystal & pearl brooch to the waist, and I wore it with this amazing hat: https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B06XDWV9Y3/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1


Love, love, love this dress.  Perfect for a winter wedding in a cold climate.  A medium is the perfect fit for me, 5'4: tall, 130 lbs, 36" bust and it falls about 2" from the floor. It is more burgundy than purple or plum tones. I would recommend this dress highly.


I needed a blue velvet skirt and couldn't find one at a reasonable price (for a costume for Halloween)... I bought this to cut the fabric to make a skirt.. I was surprised when I did this that I didn't have to sew anything, because of the way it is made!  I was also able to salvage the top to sew and made a jacket out of.  Before I cut into the dress I tried it on and loved it.  I am probably going to buy another that I don't have to cut in a different color to wear out!  One thing though, it attracts things easily... we have cats and it easily gets cat hair stuck to it more than cotton or other fabrics, so be careful where you store it!


This is a GREAT winter dress. the blue is nicely intense (it's almost indigo), the weight is good (it's warm and doesn't feel cheap), and it is nicely long and accommodating in the bust. Sometimes overlapping "V" necklines slip around on my chest and either expose my bra or make my boobs look "weird". This dress has enough room and the neckline sits high enough so i don't have to constantly check and re-adjust. I'm 5'9" - for me, this dress is long enough to wear with heels, but doesn't touch the ground if i wear flats. Often "long" dresses are a little short on me.


I have worn this dress twice outside the house, and both times received compliments from total strangers. You can obviously dress this up for an event, but you could also dress this down for a more casual look (at least this fall/winter, velvet is IN).


I expected this to be a little small and it is just a little tight, but I can comfortably wear it as the fabric stretches  ( still, I would recommend getting 1-2 sizes larger than normal). The drape of the fabric is wonderful and the length is perfect (I am 5'3" and plan to wear 2 inch heals with the dress).


I bought this dress (in red) for my freezing cold late fall engagement shoot on the beach. I ordered an XL. I am 5'6" and weigh right around 200 lbs. I have a narrow waist but large hips. It was a little loose but I was wearing long johns with it so it was perfect. It was so nice looking that I wore it to a symphony fundraiser and another a formal banquet and it fit in and looked nice for both. It looks and feels like its a much higher quality garment than its price would reflect and I keep getting complements on it. I can't wait to wear it during the holidays!


Mulberry is a burgundy color and the Wine red is a deep Christmas red color. It is hard to tell from the pictures, so I ended up buying both and returning the wine red because I wanted burgundy. The dress fits perfectly according to the measurements in the description below. My measurements are 34D bra, 37' bust, 29' waist, 37" hips, and the Small fits great. The sleeves are only a very tiny bit tight and my arms are a little bigger than average for my body type. It is very soft and made of quality material. Worth the price.


Beautiful dress, but NOT made for petite people! I am 5'2", 125 lbs, 36C, 25 waist, 38 hip, and this was extremely baggy on me. I expected my hourglass shape to shine through this, but it completely hid all of my curves. The armholes were huge, and the waistband was several inches away from my hips. I really wanted to like this, but I think I am better off with a different dress. Also, the green is beautiful but can look black in bad lighting.


The fabric of the dress is heavy, which is perfect for winter here in Boston. I wanted this dress to go to Symphonies and Ballets, but I guess I'll have to find a new one. Pity.


