Fabric is weighted nicely but dress runs big and sleeves are not tailored as shown in picture. Sleeves were made big and frumpy. If I had ordered to lounge at home that would have been fine. I kept it and had it tailored. Unfortunately I ordered last minute so had no time to go smaller or return.


Very substantial, high quality fabric with a little stretch! This runs a bit small-  I'm 5'9" and 165 and bought the XL. It was purchased as formal concert attire to be worn while playing in an orchestra. The skirt is mid-calf length and is full enough to accommodate playing my cello.


I bought five of these dresses in various colors for myself and as gifts for Christmas. Three of the dresses in size Large were a little big as I usually wear a size 10/12, however two were very small for Large and did not fit. Nice quality, but sizes are inconsistent.


The arms...very tight. As described by everyone else. It is very lovely though. Nice and warm for the winter. I just need to find a solution for the arms. (Yes I wore it at home for over 3 hours just trying to get it to stretch out, still too tight)


A little heavy, but perfect for winter. You can dress it up or down. Very flattering/forgiving. I'm 165lbs, 5'3 -- Large fit perfectly. Came exactly to the floor. Love it.


LOVE the color! I got in blue, looks so elegant and vibrant.


Got a size down since it has spandex everywhere.


the material is thick and very forgiving. not heavy. it really has a great coverage for my ample bust.


My daughter loves it!  Nice feel, doesn't wrinkle, it's heavy in the skirt (but that's the length of the velvet fabric - and velvet itself - not a light fabric), good seams, i only had to alter the waist a little - take in - she's willowy.


this really is a lovely dress !!


I have worn it to the opera and to parties.


comfortable and fits beautifully !!


very soft.


washes well.


I'm 5' and 190  lbs, and I wear a size 16. I got the XL. The fit was great! The waist was definitely as tight as it could comfortably be, and it was a tiny bit long, but it was comfortable, gorgeous, warm and quality-looking. If it matters to anyone, the neckline is definitely not revealing. I took a safety pin to make it a little wider.


This is a lovely dress. I am in between a size medium and small most the time so I chose the medium. It fits very well in the arm length and floor length. I am 5 foot 5 inches and 128 lbs.  it is really big in the waist however. I have to take it in. I have tried the small in this dress and it is too short in the length and on the arms  but fits in the waist.  if you are shorter than me and the same size I definitely would get the small.


