I love this dress! I purchased this to wear as part of a Halloween costume, but the quality is so great at the dress is so comfortable that I know I'll be wearing it again. I am 5'1", usually wear US 14. I ordered an XL and the dress falls to the floor. The fabric is heavy and has great stretch without being too thin when stretched. I'm very pleased with my purchase.


For the money, this is such a pretty dress. It feels a bit snug in the arms and waist but since the material is somewhat stretchy, I will keep. I normally wear a size 12 and I got size large. I would recommend checking the waist size and go from there. It has a sweeping skirt so hip size is not important.


Great velvet dress for the price. I would say it's a bargain. The maternity and stitching is nice. I usually order amazon maxi dresses in small so that they will not be too long. However, this dress was a bit too short in small. So, I recorded in medium. I currently pregnant and am 5'5" 155 lbs.. Pre-pregnancy size 6 - medium. The dress may have been a good length without my baby bump, but the bodice was still a bit small. So I would say this dress definitely runs "true to size" as I am a true US women's medium. It does not look elegant when it's too short, plus you're going to want to wear heels with this dress. It's very pretty - the red is a deep red but not too deep. I ordered for my church Christmas cantata and services where I will be singing. It is indeed very festive. I would say go for it - great dress for musicians and other performers. order your true size - especially if you are pregnant, you will need the length in the front as opposed to other maxi dresses. Also, the dress is nursing friendly.


I purchased this dress to wear for a concert performance.  It's very comfortable, but will run a bit small in the bodice.  If you are busty at all, I'd go with a larger size.  I wear a size 10 and I got a large size.  It's plenty long, coming right to my ankle.  This dress served it's purpose and was easily dressed up with a bit of bling jewlry.  The fabric is light weight, not heavy, so it wasn't too warm to wear on stage.  You must wear a full slip with this dress - you can see right thru it.


I am a size 14, 5' 7" 175lbs and this dress fits perfectly. (also a 36 D) This dress is SOFT and very comfortable. It doesn't shift when bending low or reaching up. It stays incredibly modest while showing a very comfortable bit of neck. It brushes the top of my feet while flat footed. The featured photo is dead on for the color. The sleeves also come over my wrists, contrary to the photo. The dress is also very warm. I would say that it would fit anyone with large arms quite well, as well as a much larger chest. It has a lot of stretch.


Lovely dress! Beautiful fabric and rich black color. But ladies this sizing is way off. I ordered the XL and I should have worn a large but due to other reviews I went up a size. I do not have large arms and this dress is so tight in the arms that it hurt! Be aware of this. if you wear a 16 and up...this won't fit.


Unless I got a bad size, because the picture of the 2 girls in the blue dress - the one on the left dress is lots bigger than the dress I got.


I ordered XXL which I saw it ran small, but the arms and bust are way to tight for a XXL dress. Fit more like a medium or large


Gorgeous, classy, comfy! I purchased Mulberry and Green. Large is a perfect fit for my 5'4", 150 lbs, 38-B body, although due to a lot of elasticity I could also go with a medium.


Can be worn for an elegant afternoon with minimal, or no accessories. I chose the green for a New Year's Eve theater performance with a small pin at the cleavage and a light  shawl in cream over the shoulders.


Can also be dressed up for a very classy evening, wedding appearance and ball, accessorized to the occasion. The Mulberry will be worn to a big and fancy wedding in early spring. For the accessories I will add a short and thin gold necklace, plus one of the flowers from the set I purchased for these dresses: 


 . It already passed the inspection in the mirror, as well as the bride's mom.


A word of caution: this dress is causing a lot of static. I strongly suggest having one of these handy: 


The color was cute, the length was cute, it was pretty cute overall. However, I wanted this dress for my engagement pictures which were going to be in the snow. The velvet-y feel and color would be beautiful. However, the top part of the dress felt kind of matronly, even with my 34DD sized breasts. It would look really cute on, like, my mom... but it made me feel like an old woman. Also, the length was great (I am 5'5) and the fit was mostly good. I am 189-193 lb lately and I got a Large. I should have gotten a Medium, I think. Everything fit fine, but the waist was kind of large. It would be fine with a belt or something.


The quality and color is great but the fit is a little off. I'm a curvy 5'2"-5'3" size 11-12 with a ~40" bust so I got an XL blue dress. The blue is a little darker than the listing photos, but that's what I was hoping for based on the reviewer photos. For me, the armpits on the sleeves are a little big, the bottom of the bust line/top of the waist line is a little too high, the neck line is extremely modest, and the skirt part is a little long but I don't think that any of these issues are big enough to be a deal breaker for a $30 velvet dress. Since it's so stretchy, I might've been able to get away with a Large but I don't know if that would make the bust/waist line even higher on me so I'm just gonna stick with the XL and pin/sew the neck line to open it up more (like some of the other reviewers did), wear heels or platforms with it, and I think a wide cinch belt would help with the fit, too.


