So I originally ordered this dress in a medium, that was pretty big on me so I returned that and reordered in size small. The reviews seemed all over the place on sizing and I was not clear on what size I should order. The fabric is very stretchy.  So glad I reordered, it’s  a beautiful dress and I can’t wait to wear it. I am 5’ 2” tall, 130 lbs and a 34DDD with about a 29” waist. Hope this helps someone else with sizing.


It is so nice to see velvet back at the forefront of fashion again.  I love the soft feel of the fabric, the lovely way it drapes and the sheer luxuriousness of it.


I came across this particular style and it really caught my eye.  It is a sumptuous, deep emerald green with a modest, wrap style bodice, empire waist, skin tight sleeves and long, flowy skirt- just the kind of elegant silhouette I really love.  As I am a mere 5'4", the dress is floor length on me; however, that's nothing a pair of kitten heels can't help with.  I have a pair of black velvet, low heeled, pearl encrusted pumps that will set the dress off beautifully.  The dress accents my small waist, while hiding my pear shaped lower body, and shows me off to advantage.


If you are in the market for a beautiful, vintage-style velvet gown to wear out for dinners, special occasions, even occasionally a somewhat casual occasion, I highly recommend this gorgeous dress, which comes in several alternate colors.(the emerald green is my personal favorite).  The price is extremely reasonable, and you'll get lots of wear from it.


This dress is gorgeous!  Now if it only fit like it looks on the model.  I bought a medium in mulberry which is a very pretty deep red that would have been perfect for Christmas.  The velvet is very nice, heavy, soft and beautiful.  The medium measured 12" from the shoulder to the top of the waistband which barely went under my bustline and 16" from shoulder to bottom of waistband, making the "waist" a very high waist which is 15" across.  The length was 52" from shoulder to hem.  I'm so glad Amazon has made returning this so easy because it's going back.  I wish it was longer on top because it really is a beautiful dress from warm cozy fabric!


Beautiful dress! I’m a size 8 in dress ordered a medium & I feel like I still have a lot of room. I’m short (5’1) so this length of the dress is perfect for me, if you’re taller this will be a ankle dress or shorter. The dress is well made, the fabric is on the heavier side, it doesn’t look cheap at all!  I’m in love with it, probably good to order another color.


I'd sort of hoped against hope this would look a little more fashionable and a little less like I'm going to perform a high school choir concert. The velvet feels wonderful and the dress has a nice weight. It's just a couple inches too short for me at 5' 10" but if I wore it with flats it is just long enough that I wouldn't feel embarrassed by the length. But something about the top just puts it in the matron domain-- I think it is the very empire bust with a very wide above-waist band below it. If the band were a little bit lower, slimmer, or non-existent it might have a chance.


I am 5'5", 125lbs...32 D.


I ordered a medium first based on the information from the manufacturer and the reviews and it was way too big. It fit on me, but was not flattering at all. It looked like I had no shape at all. The top also seemed to pull weird. I then ordered a small and figured If it didnt fit, I could take the waste in on the medium and call it good.


THE small fits GREAT! It is a little shorter than I'd like, but seeing as I am planning on wearing boots anyway, I don't think that is a huge deal. It hits me right at my ankles, so that my entire foot is showing


I'm tall (5'11"), so this draped beautifully.  I am a heavier person, but it made me feel confident ... I wore it for my Chorus' Christmas concert and a couple men from the other chorus actually told me how lovely they thought it was, and I hadn't ever met them before.  It's just what you think it will be!  (Though, a coworker saw me in it, loved it, and bought it for herself ... she's 6 inches shorter than I am and she didn't like the way it draped on her.  Just warning y'all.)


Ok, this is a BEAUTIFUL dress with heavy, stretchy (like some of my other velvet), super soft fabric. I’m hyper sensitive to all sorts of fabrics and find this as comfy as it gets. I tried to follow the sizing provided by the seller rather than Amazons, and that was a mistake, it is WAY too big. I’m trying again. I think once I find the right fit, I’ll get several. I am tall (33” inseam) and this dress is super long; needs heels. Better too long than too short; you can always hem.


Oh my gosh!  The top and sleeves are so tight it's unbelievable.  I'm 5"4" and 128 pound and I ordered a medium.  I'm a 34C and this is so tight I am definitely returning it.  Plus it had a pull under one of the sleeves.  I'm surprised more reviewers didn't talk about how extremely snug the top was...I'm not a huge build.


Nice long dress. Soft wonderful material that feels wonderfully warm. I stand 5'9 and weigh right at 200. 2X is normally a littl big on me but this 2X was a bit tight. I would recommend ordering a size up. The quality was nice otherwise.


