amazing!!! one of my co-workers wore this and I loved it. I read the reviews and somewhat when off of them to choose my size and it fit perfect. I am 5'3 1/2 and weigh 180. i ordered a medium and it fits lovely. if i would have got a large it would have been too big. great for everyday wear. got so many compliments on it.


Bought mid June, two gentle washes & already has small.hole in front of dress. Can't return. Disappointed. Daughter loved the green & blue tie-dye


I usually ordered an XL and for an XL It runs a little small. I'm 5'8" and i love the length. It is stretchy fabric. I have washed and dried the dress a few times and haven't noticed any decoloration or shrinking.


I  wasn't sure what size to order. I normally wear a 14 and I ordered a Large. It fits but is a little snug through the bust line, I wear a 40B bra so being wide thru the shoulders with a smaller cup size makes it hard to find a good fit sometimes. I am afraid this may be too small after it is washed, but since it is loose through the body, a larger size may be too big.


I'm 5'3, size 14 pants, 40 D. I ordered an XL, I usually wear an xl top. Chest and sleeves were way too tight. I would not be able to wear it and be comfortable. It does come down to my knees though, and I had planned on using it as a swim suit cover. I recommend ordering at least a size up for bigger chested women.


I am 5ft 4in and weigh 130 lbs. I order a size large due to I kind of wanted it big and lose for a swimsuit coverup. This dress would be to small for an 80 lb 14 year old. Way off on sizing. Also no return slip in the package.


Great little dress, I love it, does not cling at all.  Very solid material.


I should have ordered an extra size down, but I am still wearing it and will put it in my big bin for when I gain weight back LOL.


Great quality and super soft! I LOVE the ombre look!


So far I love this dress! I'm 5'3 about 160 lbs and the large fits great. Not clingy at all but also not too loose. I love the colors so much. I haven't yet washed it so that's why I'm only giving 4 stars for now- will update once I see how well it holds up after washing!


I tried the dress on and the fabric is so paper thin that it tore. It was NOT AT ALL TEUE TO SIZE. I gave it to my niece who hopefully will grow into it soon . A complete waste of money will not buy this brand ever again  NO STARS!!! But it won't except my review so here is one star just to satisfy the submit button. No STARS !!!!


