This is actually a really cute dress. However, it must run REALLY small. I am a Torrid and Old Navy size 18. I am 5'8". It was very snug in the chest, not at all flowy, and it barely covered my backside. I even sized up to a 3X in case it ran small, but that didn't help. I suppose I could've worn it as a tunic, but decided to return it. I wish it had fit. It seems really well made and comfortable... and at a great cost! Bummed it didn't work out.


omg I put this on and BAM! comfort and cuteness! I loved it ! im glad I got a 2x bc it fit just right and didn't look oversized or too tight ! I could go a size down but I like a little room to move! lol


LOVE THIS!! Best t-shirt dress ever! Fit is great and doesnt just lay flat with no shape like most tshirt dresses, its got the tiniest bit of flare so it gives you a little bit of curve and shape and looks awesome! I wear mine all the time its super cute and comfortable and the price was great!


I ordered (8) little dresses similar to this style in size small and they all fit great but this one was tight in the shoulders and bust.  I really liked the material though. I would size up one size if you are smaller busted or two sizes if you are large busted.


My wife wears this tunic over leggings. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because it was very wrinkled out of the package and took a few washes to really relax. She wears a US 16 and ordered an XL.


I really liked this dress. It's very casual and works great for throwing over a swimsuit or just on with sandals to wear for errands. The colors look good together and it's a perfect length on me (5'5").


I wanted to like this dress. Everyone else liked this dress. But when I looked at the "multicolor" my gut was saying "that's going to look like puke on your skin tone". And it does. That grey/green/blue is exactly as depicted and if you have concerns about that looking good on you, trust them. I also thought it was boxy and it only looked cute when I tightened it behind my back to give it some shape. Additionally, I am a medium and found the sleeves to be a little too tight on my arms, a problem I don't usually have in other tops.


Pleasantly surprised at this perfect summer dress. I'm 5'10'' and it could be 2 inches longer, however for the price and simplicity, it's a keeper. It is my go to dress with flip-flops and a necklace.


Great comfortable t-shirt dress.  I use it as a night shirt, and it's super comfy before, during, and after bed time.  Just right.  Now I need to find something similar with long sleeves for winter.


My dress just arrived today and the 1st thing I noticed was the cotton is so soft it is really nice. I ordered a large (since this is Asian size) and it's actually slightly big although not too bad. I normally wear Size 6. The pattern and  cut is exactly as shown in the picture so I'm very happy with this dress I will wear it a lot this summer .


