Really cute dress for casual or dress up. the material is like a T shirt. I have already washed it and it came out very nicely. Love the color fade. Cute with a jean jacket if it gets cool outside. I'm 5"3 and 105 pds. I could have used the extra small but it was not available. The small works though. Would buy again. Recommend highly.


Looks nothing like the picture. It was huge. I ordered an extra small, but it was gigantic. It looked ridiculous. If anything it's something to sleep in, or a bathing suit cover. And not a sexy bathing suit cover. I dig the ombre thing, and the color choices, but....nope.


Ok so I literally just received this in the mail and immediately tried it on bc I was hoping to take it on the trip I am leaving for. I was apprehensive about ordering dresses online (I ordered three different dresses and will leave a review for all). I read through the other reviews and went for a large. I am very well endowed- 36G, so dresses can be difficult. This dress fits like a glove. I am actually ordering 1 or 2 more. It is fitted around my chest, but honestly i prefer that, the rest falls very naturally. With my breast size if I wear something to loose on top and bottom I look ridiculous. The neck like is not a boat line like in the photo, however its not riding along your neck closely either. The fabric feels like that soft t-shirt like fabric. Very comfortable, has some stretch to it. The only downer for this dress is the lack of pockets. If it had pockets I would probably by it in every color and just wear each one a different day throughout this summer, lol. But since I knew that when I initially looked at the dress I didn't take any stars away. I would obviously buy it again in a heartbeat. I think it will be great for errands around town or meeting friends for casual happy hour.


I purchased one as a maternity dress/top and loved it so much  I bought another to gift it to my newly pregnant friend! The fabric is a really soft, thin, stretchy jersey and makes it really cool for summertime. It drapes well when ordered to size, so it doesn't show every lump and line like some thin jersey fabrics do. The dip dyed color adds a nice splash of color without making it too gaudy (like sooo many other maternity clothes). Great with legging underneath if you have a belly that makes the dress shorter, otherwise a great length to comfortably wear alone.


Could be a tinyyyy bit longer. Husband accidentally threw the dress in the dryer and it shrunk up in length. Would buy again because it's a great dress for the price and I got lots of compliments on it.


I'm 5'7," 250lbs, normally a 16/18. I bought the 2x and it fits just perfect. Nice and flowy like in the photo. Sleeves are more fitting than the photo but they are not too tight for me and I do not have small arms or shoulders by any means. Beautiful ombre color. I kept getting compliments everywhere. Color is true to the photo as well to me. Nice soft but tightly wove high quality t shirt material in a way but rigid enough to not be cheap looking or easily wrinkled. Whatever the material is, I love it. Great easy piece to have that looks very chic and cute without having tried at all and no discomfort exchanged. If they had cuter colors, I'd get more.


The main reason I bought this was it was supposed to be 95% cotton, 5% spandex. That is what the tag says (also says "Made in China"), alright. But I know fabric, and I would be very surprised if there was even 5% cotton in this.  The material is thin, stretchy, and in comparison to how cotton feels, this fabric feels "slimy" (can't think of a better word). This is definitely not "tshirt material."  I bought a Small, and the top part fits a  very teeny bit loosely, but I didn't want it to be tight in the armholes, which it just misses being. The rest of the dress, more than enough room. Just don't bend over. The dress is just over 33" long measured from the side of the collar right next to the neck hole. So basically it is measured from  the highest point of the dress. I thought it would be measured from the shoulder (next to sleeve), so I was expecting it to hit a little bit lower. It's about 5 inches above the top of my knee, too short for work. I'm 5'4", 115 lbs, and 34B. If I had seen (and felt) this in a store, I would definitely have passed it by.


I am 4'11' and dress is still to small and too short


Soft and cute, but did run small.  My daughter is medium-large, so I ordered the large. XL wasn't available, so my daughter opted to keep it.  :)


Very strange cut - I am 5'6", 130 pounds.  I am not a body builder by any means, but this dress felt extremely small through the arms, but GIANT throughout the rest of the cut.  It is not fitted at all.  Do not be fooled by the picture.  There is no "swing" to this dress.  It just looks like you are wearing an oversized t-shirt, with little tiny arm holes.


