This is the dress that started my summer obsession with buying dresses off of Amazon because it fit so well.  It fit somewhat snuggly(but comfortably) over my chest (DD), was somewhat snug (but comfortable) on my upper arms, and nicely draped over my belly without hugging it or highlighting it.  I'm 5'2 with a short torso and I felt like I could lift my arms up and still be mostly covered on my thighs.  I wore it with teva sandals.


In fact I bought it twice because I stained the first one and I was still very happy with my second purchase!


Love this dress. It is definitely a casual everyday dress. I’m 5’1” and weigh 113lbs. I bought an xs and I’m glad I did because a small would of been too long and baggy. The dress is meant to flow around you not a bodycon dress. It is pretty true to size, however, I feel like if you’re a tall girl it might be a little short. Perfect height for this dress is probably 5’5”


Comfy and looks just like the photo! Would buy again in a heartbeat! The material is even significantly nicer than I expected. It's thick enough to wear without worrying about undergarments being shown through.


Great dress. This dress is very similar to the famous "Carly" dress from a well-known clothing line. However, this dress is much more affordable.


The length of this dress works better for me as well. I'm 5'0 and the dress comes about 2 inches above my knee. Usually things are too long one me so I was happy with the fit of this dress.


Love this dress! Super comfy and it has held up well in the wash. The only thing that would improve it is pockets and more colors! (I understand there are several color options, but I don't like pink!) Orange->Deep Orange fade or Purple->Dark Purple fade. I'm not a fan of tie-dye, but this dip-dyed trend is nice!


I could not believe how small the garment was after using size suggestion on display page.


Pretty and well made. Gave to daughter-in-law who is petite. She loved it, as did I.


Model in the picture must be very tall.  This is NOT tunic length on me, it's  more like mid-knee length.  I guess I could get it hemmed but it's just not worth the trouble.  It's a nice dress, like the way it moves and feels.  Wore it to a wedding under a sheer designer shirt that happened to match the colors perfectly.


This made me look so boxy and the fabric wasn't the best.


This dress is so cute and I know several other people who purchased it.  However, I'm only 5'2" and it feels a little short on me.  I have a larger chest so it is a bit small in that area for me as well.  However, it stretches and it is comfortable and looks good with a layering neutral wrap or cardigan.


I was blessed with a smaller waist and larger trunk, and was really worried this dress would make me look like a box. Well it didn't, which is great! I loved the the color and the material, it is a little to short to be complete comfortable in. I stopped using it after the first wash, now I use it has a sleep shirt.


