Unfortunately, I ordered a size up based on others' reviews. At 5'6", 140-145 lbs (&a pear-shaped), the small would have been perfect. Medium is okay belted but I'll be exchanging for a size down. Color is beautiful, just as pictured. As others noted, neckline is actually crew so that's a little annoying. Overall, though, worth the price!


I wear a 2 or 3x in most tops. I can wear an XL in men's t-shirts. But this is much too small in 3x, especially the sleeves. Had to return. Too bad, because it's very cute and of nice material.


For years I kept buying $28. T-shirts to walk in. No matter what brand they all pilled, shrunk and faded. These dresses are pretty darn amazing!  It's a stretchy kind of material, that is extremely soft!  I have washed them about 10 times and very little shrinking of the length and absolutely no  Pilling! I own 6 of them and I walk in them like a T-shirt because it covers my bum. Finally a long dress/ shirt to cover my bum. I am a 36C, medium sized person. I bought an XL. A Large would have also been ok but it may have been tight in the chest and arms. I don't like my clothes tight.  For my purposes I love them!


REALLY REALLY REALLY cute!  I am 5'3" and it is a nice length not too short.  About 4" above knee. You can bend over in it without showing your goodies.  It's soft cotton.  And BEST of all it is very figure flattering.


This is really cute.  I'm 51 and like wearing longer tops over jeans or capris.  I don't want to dress like a teenager, but I don't really want to look like an old lady just yet so this is perfect.  It's a little short for me to wear as a dress out in public, but I would wear it around the house.  Just make sure you pay attention to the sizing because these run small, so you need to order up accordingly.  I usually wear a L and I ordered an XXL because I like to be comfy.


I am 5'7" and 140 lbs.  I ordered this dress in the size Medium and it fits perfectly. The color is exactly as pictured, it's very comfortable, and hides any imperfections around the torso/middle area.


Very comfortable. Loose fitting and swing-y. I'm 5'5", 130lbs and while the small fits well, it's a little shorter than I'm totally comfortable with. It hits about mid thigh. Which is fine normally, but a little risky when I'm chasing my small children all day. So I wouldn't wear it when I need to do a lot of bending over or rough housing. But it woll be excellent to just toss in and head to the store. I think it would also be great with some leggings in cooler weather.


I ordered this in an XL and it was too tight through the chest, so I sent it back and got a XXL. It ended up being shorter..and just as tight through the chest, and tighter through the shoulders, so it'll also have to go back. So disappointed. The fabric feels really soft and seems to be of great quality and it's so pretty, but the fit is just weird. The XXL was more like a tunic instead of a dress. I'm afraid to try a 3rd time with a bigger size. =\


It's rare to find a dress online and have it fit and look good, but this one does! The material feels very soft and it looks good on a curvy body type. I got a Large and it fits well (I'm 5'8").


This dress is so cute! It fits perfectly almost everywhere, but it's too short. I'm 5'8" and this dress does not cover my booty. It's good thing I'm a fan of leggings underneath dresses and long shirts because this is exactly how I wear it. I do wish it were a couple inches longer but I made it work.


