Some friends and I ordered the dress and though we have very different bodies, the dress fit us all in very different ways. For instance, my dress was very short, must wear leggings! Half the people


Who got them, the sleeves were tight and the other half the sleeves were loose. We all did love the dress though!


This is the greatest summer dress in the history of summer dresses. I love it. It's flattering, it's not too big it's not too tight it's flown its light weight it's comfortable, it moves. I love it. I want one in every single color.


Extra soft and comfy.


May be more suitable with leggings,


A little short for me. 5'7, 120 ordered a medium. A large would be to wide of a fit.


A simple style and soft blue/green color. Unfortunately, while I loved the easy movement of the skirt, the bodice was too tight. And even for my 5'2" height, the length was still a tad too short for my comfort level (mid-thigh). I'm disappointed that I have to return this one.


NOTHING like the picture. More like an oversized t-shirt with a shape cut into it. Was looking forward to an easy summer piece to dress up or down but this failed miserably. It's also way too long. The model must be at least 6'0.  Does not look like the one modelled except for the color.


Loved the look and feel of this dress - but unfortunately I didn't really notice/ misinterpreted the care instructions! After the first wash the darker color leaked into the lighter part and stained it in weird places. I also spilled some food on it (wore the dress on a rafting trip) and the stain has yet to come out. Guess it's forever my outdoorsy/camping dress now. :/


Was hoping for a 5X it would be big on me well its not going to be. Kinda wish they would of made it shorter and a little wider. Im using this for a long t-shirt type to wear with leggings for my job.


Terrible quality dress! Felt like plastic!!


I fell in love with this dress when I saw it on Amazon. I'm 5 ft and weigh 173 lbs. The XL was a tiny bit too tight in the sleeves and across the bust. Kept it anyway with hopes of losing a few more pounds by next summer. Re-ordered the xxl and it's a perfect fit! Love the fabric which is soft to the touch and the easy flowing fit of the dress. Haven't worn and washed the dress yet so no comment on that aspect. If it washes well, I'll reorder in another color.


Kinda short. I’d wear it by itself but my mom says it makes me look like a hoe


