LOVE THIS DRESS. I am a size XL at forever 21, and size L/ XL at Charlotte Russe, and i ordered a L i this dress and it lays so nice! I Definitely recommend buying this instead of a thin cheap dress off the other websites


I really like this cute little dress.  It's cool and comfy and will work for a casual day.  I would have given it 5 stars if it had been just one inch longer.  I'm 5'10" tall and weigh 175 pounds.  The XL fit me well other than being a hair short.  I'm sure that it's about the right length if you are shorter than me.


I love this dress. It's beautifully draped, roomy and very attractive as a casual dress.  I bought it in a size 5x.... it is the only one of this series of dresses that comes in that size.... I'd like to buy more of this type of dress, even long sleeves, or no sleeves but can't find any others on the ROMWE site that comes in this size..... I'm truly bummed.  I'd buy 10!!!


Perfect dress for a casual event! It’s so comfortable and cute! I ordered the lilac and lavender dress.


I received so many compliments at a friend’s baby shower. Dress it up or wear it as is, it’s cute!


Seriously terrible.  It's a dress and even in the largest size they sell it's shorter than my t-shirts.  Shows up in plastic wrap with no tags, no labels etc.  It literally looks like someone found it in a pile in the back of their closet.


Be sure to order at least two sizes up than you would normally wear. I am normally an XL but after reading reviews I was sure to order a larger size. Good thing I went up two sizes as if it had been any smaller it would not have fit at all. In a 3X it is a bit more snug in the arms than I would like, but the bust area fits well (I am a 38f). The fabric is nice and opaque not see through at all in the color I ordered. Even with the snugness in the arms I would order this again.


Super cute.  I'm a size 12, 38F and an XL fit great.  It's probably too short (I'm only 5'4" too) to wear as a dress, but I plan on wearing it as a tunic top.  Love the colors, beautiful ombre.


Cute dress. I'm 5'2" typically wear a L to XL (size 12-14 on top 16-18 on bottom, 41" around bust) I got the XL. The stretchy fabric is snug across the breast and sleeves but looks and feels fine. The dress comes to aprox 2" above my knees. Soft material. Figure flattering (flares our at the waist). Great price at $12. Bought my daughter one in another color.


Liked the looks of this dress - really cute and fabric was comfortable.  But oh my goodness - I wear a size 18 and ordered a XXL - yikes so small and tight .  Returned and wont re'order - just be aware these are really small even when you order up in their sizes.  If you are a smaller size gal - go for it becuase it was a nice well priced casual dress.


I bought a size up from my normal size, and it fits ok.  The sleeves are a little tighter than I would prefer.  The dress is cute, and for the price, I'm happy with it.  I do think the color is a bit more pink than I expected from the pictures, but I like how it looks with the purple bottom.  Nothing fancy, but a cute little sundress for a great price.


