I really love this dress! It's a flattering fit and perfect for a casual summer day. The style of the dress is flowy (forgiving on curvy girls) but somewhat short. I bought a size medium, I weigh 175 with a 36C chest at 5'5". I contimplated getting a large but because the dress is flowy, particularly in the middle, I'm glad I stick with the medium. If I were any taller I'd recommend wearing leggings. I myseld do wish the dress was a tad bit longer but other than that no complaints. Tip: do not put dress in the dryer if you don't want it to shrink, material is mostly cotton.


This dress has a great fit and great fabric for summer. I also look forward to pairing it with tights and a sweater for later in the year. I was initially nervous about the neckline as I usually prefer something a little lower or looser (in reality, the neckline fits me differently than the picture and is higher up, covering the collar bones) but it looks great. The length is definitely work appropriate and I am planning on purchasing another. I would recommend sizing up if you find yourself in between two sizes. I am usually either L and XL and I chose to purchase the XL and I'm glad I did. The fit is a little looser like seen in the product picture, and the length is better.


I would also like to note that the dress did not come with any clear indication of which side is the front and which side is the back. The neckline is the same both ways and there was no tag or indicator in my dress. This is definitely not a negative (I spilled a small bit of coffee on the front during work and just turned the dress around so no one would notice) and it fits the same either way. Just an interesting part of the dress.


Loved this dress!!  I am 5'2 and 170lb (working on that) this was very flattering and forgiving to my figure.  Sleeves are a bit tight but I have always been a bit broad in my shoulders and arms.  Came to mid thigh, so the length was great on me!!  I could easily wear with Leggings in the winter!!


It doesn't fit like the model shows.  It runs small across the chest and in the arms, the bottom didn't really hang in folds. I felt like I was wearing a tent that was tight at the top.  I'm not large chested so, if you are, be ready for a snug fit.  Sent back to Amazon.com.


Great dress for $12.99!  Simple and airy, but not so thin it shows every lump and bump and panty line. Very forgiving shape.  Pretty color.  Good length for a short girl. Got immediate compliments on it.  Highly recommend if you're looking for a simple shirt dress.


I can see why this has high marks. The color is very on trend right now for the summer. The fit is nice and flowy. I have worn it once and really liked how comfortable I felt. I am self conscious about my mid-section, so the cut and fabric are perfect. I am always leery about purchasing clothes on Amazon because my track record has not been good. Happy to report this is a keeper! Buy it!


Seriously great quality fabric. I wish all my dresses were made out of this fabric! I also get sooo many compliments, I can't help wearing this dress multiple times a week. ;) I'm a little over 5 foot and it's a great length, hits way above the knee, not too short though.


I wear a large top at the GAP, sometimes XL if I want a looser fit.  This XL ROMWE tunic swing dress was very tight on my arms and chest.  I wear bra size 36D.  I'm going to have to return it, because I'm sure it will only get smaller with laundering.  The rest of the dress fits great.  The fabric is nice.  I love the two toned sea green and navy.  It is a tad bit short, but I wore cotton bike shorts under it just now when trying it on.  It's not tight on the belly, which is nice.  I will order again in XXL.


I had purchased this dress in the tank top style in a size XL, as the size chart indicated it would fit a US 16/18 based on inches.  When it arrived, it was rather snug.  So I sized up and got this one with sleeves, summer is nearly over, so this one will be nice for a "kicking around the house" dress.  The ombre is nice, the colors are deep, and the fabric is soft.  It is weighty enough that I will be cozy, without getting sweaty!


So if you're on the border or a larger size gal, go for the larger one.  You will be happy!


Just a meh from me! It's not that there's anything wrong with it per se. It's a normal, fine dress for the price. I'll end up keeping it. Bought it to wear it to the beach but the material is a bit stiff and not as lightweight as I would've wanted for a t shirt dress. length is fine on me and I'm pretty short - 5'1".


