I am giving it 4 stars as it is made amazing well and I would LOVE it if it was not tight in the bust but I can't give them a bad review as I am 32G so not their bad and wish I would have gotten a size up maybe would have helped, I am going to give it to my daughter as a gift for her birthday. she is the same size but only a B cup so this is right for her all the way, the color is AMAZING I love the dip die look it has!!


This teal hombre tent dress is exactly what you see...cute, cute cute.  I'm 5'3", average bust size and medium sizing, the length was just above the knee and a perfect easy fit.  It comes label-less and made in China, therefore the price is equivalent to a gourmet coffee and donut but for a lot less calories.  I like the casual beltless-swing look but will give it a sophisticated styling with a required smooth ironing after laundering, adding dressy fashion jewelry and a pair of killer stiletto heels.  At this fine quality and tiny price I'm looking to purchase other colors.


I got the green/blue ombre style; this is a very cute dress at a good price, looks just as pictured. I originally ordered S and it was very wide on me (I am 5'5", 125 lbs, 32/27/37 for reference) so I ordered XS and it fit better. BEWARE WHEN WASHING - like an idiot I threw this in with my light laundry (what was I thinking??) and the blue bled on everything it was touching, so now I have a basically new white hoodie with a big denim-colored blue stain on it :( It also shrank a bit so I worry that 2-3" above the knee is pushing it for being 'work-friendly' and not showing off too much leg. Perfectly fine for casual wear but in terms of wearing to the office, it might be better for fall and winter when you can pair it with leggings, boots and a cardigan. For $13 it's a nice dress, but just be mindful to wash separately and keep in mind that it will shrink a bit.


Came so close to cancelling this order before receipt, after reading reviews about how the collar was different than shown (not scoop neck).  I ended up unable to cancel it because it had already shipped, but now I'm glad I didn't. True, it is more of a T-shirt collar,  but it was fine and not tight around the neck. It is very comfortable for the summer, and you can't beat this dress for the price.  The ombre blend of colors is discrete and a nice pattern. It's very casual, which is exactly what I wanted for wearing to the dog park.


I ordered a 3x.  usually wear a US 14.  fit is good from the bust down.  The fabric rocks.  The cut is nothing like pictured.  The neckline is a very high t shirt neckline, fits like a childs t shirt,  the shoulders are narrow and tight, they do not have the drop shoulder as pictured.  All of that said, I took scissors to it, cut a round neckline and cap sleeves, it is now quite cute.


My first order was fine. This dress as you can see in the pic. was finished wrong. The label is on the inside seam but this shoulder finish is on the outside. Will be requesting another dress.


I love this T shirt dress! It fits perfectly! I ordered a size small and it fits as expected based on the chart. I am 5'3 tall and weight 127#. The length is different on me because I'm a lot shorter than the model on the picture, but I actually prefer that it is right above my knees. If you are short, take that into consideration.


I'm a solid size 18 and ordered the xxl. It fits great and it's a much better quality than I anticipated for the price. I bought it as a beech cover up, but I'm thinking I'll be Rocking this all dinner with some cute sandals.! Also bonus for the bigger gals...the sleeves are a great size and length...short sleeves, but NOT cap sleeves, do my bingo arms are covered!


I'm 5'3" and 125 lbs. I usually wear a size small, but I went down and ordered an XS because I didn't want it to be so baggy. It fits perfect!! The material is soft and has held up well to many wears and washes. I wash it on delicate and hang it to dry, and I put it in the dryer once and it shrunk a small bit. The dress hits a couple inches above my knee, but it still appropriate for my casual office. I'm relatively petite though, so it might fit more like a tunic if you were on the taller side.


Bought a small.  Wear size 4ish.  Perfect fit.  Not too short.  Looks good.  Feels good. Made well.  Super cute.


