Very satisfied.


Loved it!!


Not size shown. Runs very small


Nice and comfy.


Wonderful dress and quality . Cute fits and looks exactly like photo. I am 5"4" , 32D 119. I wish there were more colors I would buy more.


It's perfect for wearing in the warm weather with sandals.  It's a bit roomy in the body though.  I am 5'4",  size 8, and a 34D.  I ordered a small.  It's a bit tight in the chest area but then gets really big in the swing, starting right below the chest.  It's also shorter than I expected, about 4 inches above my knee.  I wish it were a bit more fitted.  I love the green/blue color.  The material is soft, comfy and stretchy.  Very comfortable to knock around the house in.  The price was great!


I'm 5'2 - 5'3, usually wear a large or XL in clothes. I almost never buy clothes online, since I never know what will fit or look right. But I LOVE this dress, and had to take the chance!


I read the reviews and decided to order an XL, since that's that's the bigger size that I sometimes wear. And, I'd rather this be "too" big and flowy than tight. I received it and immediately tried it on, and it's just a tad too tight. The arms and chest area were especially unforgiving, and I tried it on with shapewear. I'm in the middle of weight loss, so I couldn't decide if I should return or keep and wait until it fits. I've decided to exchange it, I really want to wear it ASAP!


I have to say though, the dress is really good quality. Thicker fabric and perfect length for me. I have several other dresses in this style from other places and none are as good of quality as this one. I'm definitely going to order a different size and find one that fits because this is just too cute. You could dress this up or down, it's super versatile and unique.


I'll try to remember to update when I get another size!


Can't even exchange


This is how the dress came look old and tear need to do something about this


I wish this fit better, but when you bend over or the wind blows, be prepared to show it all.  I tried to wear bike shorts under it and it just didn't look right.  Maybe one a shorter person (I'm 5'7") the length would be better.  The material is nice though, but I did think the neck was a little high.  I'm going to keep and use as a swimsuit cover-up.


