This is soooo comfortable and I get tons of compliments when I wear it. My only major issue is that the bust was a little snug - I am a 38D and ordered an XL - but the fabric is stretchy. The first time I washed it the dye ran a bit, the dress itself was fine but it did stain a white cardi that I stupidly put in the load.


This dress is great for casual every day wear. You can easily dress it up or down and it's oh so comfortable. The dress is roomy, I am 5' and weigh 110 lbs, I ordered an XS.


The dress itself is as pictured and seeing pictures of other people wearing it, is obviously really cute on certain body shapes. I actually liked the dress at first, but it was quite short on me and I could only wear it with leggings. However, the more I wore it, the weirder it seemed to fit in certain places and the more it seemed like a t-shirt than a dress. It definitely doesn't have any shape to it and the arms are a little tight in comparison to the rest of the dress. I ended up donating the dress after just a few times wearing it.


This dress fits perfect by the front. It fits just above the knee, however, when you turn to your backside it seems that you have on a long shirt or short tunic rather than a dress. I am so highly disappointed in this product, I was very excited as it is trendy and very pretty. These companies have literally no consideration in the quality of their 'products'


Do NOT buy this dress, you may end up returning it.


I was debating between the large or an extra large. I'm 5'8, 38B & 165 lbs. Since most of that weight is between my stomach/hip/ aka"lovehandle" area and it seems that most things I purchase from Amazon usually run small if they don't fit as expected I was going to order the xl, but went with the large instead and to my surprise, It fits perfectly! It IS very form fitting in the shoulder/sleve & chest area, so if you are bigger on top than on bottom, I would definitely suggest ordering up a size. But the dress flowed out beautifully from right under my chest and hid my trouble areas perfectly! I don't think I could have asked for a more flattering fit. It is a little on the shorter side - it shows some leg, but it's not so short that it requires leggins and I'm 5/8 1/2. However if you are tall, dress more modestly, and are looking for a just above the knee fit, this might be too short for your liking. The colors in the dress are great (I ordered the blueish green), and the fabric is fantastic. It's comfortable, not too clingy (which is often a problem for me on the stomach and hips) AND it is NOT see through at all. I really like this dress


It was slightly wrinkly straight out of the package, but it really wasn't that bad compared to other things I've bought, so I do think it will wash and dry quite nicely. If they make this dress in a tank top style, or something a little more low cut (I live in Florida so this may be a bit warm on 90 degree days), I would definitely buy one. I think this dress is priced just right for the quality/cute style & material, and it arrived on time too, so I wouldn't hesitate to order from this seller again. In fact I think this is my second purchase from them and I loved the tank top I ordered from them previously as well. :)


The actual product is as shown as advertised. It's super cute and is an appropriate length to wear as a cover-up. The fabric is a nice quality and it feels pretty breezy, which is perfect for my hot, Texas summer.


The only complaint that I have is that the sleeves run a bit small. I tried to avoid this by ordering a size up, but that didn't seem to help. This isn't such a huge problem as the dress still fits, but I'm confident this will be annoying after I get out of the river or pool and my body is damp.


Other than this minor problem, this was great cover up for the price! Just keep in mind if you don't have a Victoria Secret Angel body.


Another disappointment!


Just say up front that it is made in China and I will not order it.


I won't be bothered looking carefully at size charts because they will be incorrect and IT WILL NOT FIT!


What a waste of time and money.


Returning.


So cute! Love the material and the length - fits me exactly as shown in the pic but I did order up a size based on other reviews. It IS, however, weirdly tight around the neckline and chest area and I'm only a B/C cup and ordered a size up. Material is a nice stretchy t-shirt material, not thin at all. Great with leggings or shorts.But the material is stretchy so I can stretch that area. The bottom fits fine. I would never, ever call this a DRESS though - barely goes past my butt. Nice long t-shirt though. Just ordered my 2nd. Air-dry cycle only if you want it to keep it's shape.


I usually have a tough time ordering clothes online but I was sure to read other reviews before purchasing. This dress is a little on the short side, but I was still able to wear it as a dress. I also sized up to an XXL because I am pregnant and knew it would be snug. I received a ton of compliments on it! Everyone loves the color!


Fits true to size. Fabric not as flowy and soft as appears in the picture. It's kind of thick like thin sweatpants and a bit stiff. I'm returning because I'm a chubby girl at 5 feet and 143lbs so need something more flowy and drapey. This makes me look bigger than I am


