Bought the 2X fits like a small to medium. If your bust size is over 40" do not buy this in any size. The material is rough& scratchy and the colors are way off from the picture. Big Big disappointment.


I checked the size guide and read the reviews and then ordered the next size up only to find this is still too small. The flow at the bottom of the shirt is nice, but the sleeves and bust is extremely tight


I love this dress! I'm bigger in the belly area and the cut of this dress hides it so well. Must buy for ladies with a little extra in the mid section!


It's not the most flattering fit, but for the price it's a winner. The colors are great and it's so comfy that you can wear it to sleep. It's a perfect beach dress, too. I ordered an XS (normally I'm a S) and it was still a bit baggy. I recommend wearing it with a 3/4 sleeve hoodie or cardigan to make the fit look better. This dress is super casual and not the best quality...you can lounge in it but you probably wouldn't wear it in a professional work environment.


very pretty dress/tunic.  I am 55+, so too short for a dress.  Looks really cute with leggings, though.  Little snug in the waist, but I am think around the middle, so can't blame the dress.


This fit okay, but just didn't look right.  Was a bit too "boxy" and the fabric a little stiff.  I really liked the ombre green/dark blue color, but the fit just didn't work.  I returned it.


the first one I sent back.  Had to order a size larger than what I normally wear.  It was tight in the bust.  I'm a 38 C.  But the second one fits perfect!  Now all we need is warm summer weather so I can wear it.


Yes I love this dress.  It is just as described. Fits well and  the material has a good weight to it. Also it's not see-through at all. It  will definitely be my go to  casual dress.


Returned dresses and will order much larger size.


For me this is a great around the house dress. I am older 5 foot four and 170 with most of the weight in the middle and chest ordered an extra large could have gotten one size larger.  Washed it and hung dry and it didn't shrink. As others have said if your arms are larger I can see that it would be tight, mine are average and it fits well.  But it's perfect for what I wanted.  Looks as shown very cute.


