For reference: I'm 5'5, 110lbs and wear a 32A. I was scared this dress would be too short. I hate it when dresses are so short I feel like I can't move too much in them. This dress is super casual and cute, soft material. I ordered a size S, and it fit well. The length is perfect. I'll proabbly air dry so that it doesn't shrink as much. Can't wait to pair this with a jean jacket and white sneakers. Great buy!


Love, love, love this dress!! I usually wear a medium to large in clothes depending upon the cut and fit. I ordered this in a large originally but sent it back for a XXL. The large was tighter than I wanted in the bust and arm area plus was too short. The XXL is just the right length and loose fitting - which is what I prefer. I haven't washed it yet; if it holds up well, I'll be ordering more colors!


Very cute dress to throw on during the day.  Comfy and light material. My only complaint is that I wish the ombre effect were more gradual-- there is a distinct line where it goes from light to dark.  I wear a size 8 to a 12 depending on the bust and a large fits well.


Pretty but sized on Asia standards


I am 5'6", 125 pounds and this was insanely small on me, I would barely consider it a long t-shirt. I gave it to my friend who is closer to 5'1" and very thin, and she looks adorable in it. This is probably best for someone short and thin, as I think if I had gone up a size it would have been too wide for me.


Just got these in today. I really want them to work but they won't. The elastic is too loose, which makes the sandal slide off my foot.  I would try a size down, but I think the bottom part of the sandal would be too short for my foot. My feet are not tiny or narrow, so very disappointed.


I typically wear a large, sometimes xl in these type dresses but the large was kinda tight in the bust. very cute so I re-ordered in a bigger size


I absolutely love the colors of this dress.. They are exactly as pictured.. I found that the chest area is a little tight..but I can work with that.. The quality of the material considering the price of the dress.. is just as good as I would pay $30 or more for simple summer dress or cover up!


I really like this dress! I am an XL, sz 16, and yes it is a bit tight across the chest but still cute and flattering! The neckline is a crew neck, not the more boat-neck type the model is wearing. I keep grabbing it as my go- to to fun casual dress!


This dress fit as expected except for the length. I had hoped that the model in the photo was tall and I'd have luck on my 5'7" frame; however, it only draped about 1/2 way down my thigh. Dresses this short are not my style, so I passed along to my young, much shorter daughter - the length works well for her. Material seemed to be of good quality.


