I really like this dress. The color is nice.


It's as pictured in person and it really a comfy, casual dress for the summer.


I could have it a little longer, but it's not too revealing, that's just my preference.


I'm 5'4" and it comes to mid-thigh length.


The fit is as expected.


I really like this dress, but I bought a Large and probably should have gotten an XL.  It isn't so tight that it is uncomfortable though. The length on me is about the same as the model. Tempted to wear with leggings instead. Overall - I really like it.


I'm 5'7" and 140 lbs, 32DD bra, 28 waist, 39 hip (aka I have a big butt). I ordered a medium and it's perfect! Hits at mid-thigh, covers everything, not sheer. I would say that if you have a bigger bust or bigger/muscular arms that ordering up a size would probably be beneficial but I have no problems with this and for the price, I am very pleased!!


Love this dress. A little smaller than what I expected but I'm actually in between a medium and a large so I got the large and it fits great. Also I'm short (5'3") and this was shorter than I expected it to be but i like where it hits. If I was a taller girl though I might send it back.


Very cute, and colors were true. My daughter simply didn't like the weight of the fabric, as it is heavier than t-shirt thickness.


This is a really cute, stylish dress but too long for my 5'3" frame.  Too bad they don't come in petite sizes.  So if you are average height I would recommend this dress.  I was able to find a petite size from a department store (same style) and the dress was really comfortable.


Love the fabric of this dress.  It fits similar to a fitted tee on top.  I'm 5'8" and it's almost too short to wear as a dress.  Will be perfect for leggings underneath!


Love it! I'm roughly 135 lbs and wear a size 5 jeans and I got a size medium dress and I love it! So comfortable and made out of good material. Plus it's not see through which I was worried about. Wore it to church this morning and got many compliments on it :)


Love that it's 100% cotton. Most of the clothes on here are synthetic. The shirt /dress is very flowy and doesn't have a defined waist, so it was perfect for me to hide my post pregnancy body lol. I wear it with leggings or as a dress.


I really wish I could do too small and too large at the same time.  The top was SMALL and I used my normal dress/shirt size and went by the measurements listed, I am not busty up top so I was kind of shocked by the way the top fit.  The bottom however was WAY too big and just seemed super baggie.  It doesn't flow or seem to go together at all.


I am really disappointed as I really wanted to love this dress for just hot summer days out with my son at the zoo, park or wherever.  Sadly I will not be adding this to my list of quick "go to outfits" as it has been added to my sleep shirt pile.


