This dress is a great value. It's cute, it's not too short (hits just above the knee), and it's as comfy as pajamas. It seems really versatile, too. I've only worn it once but I can tell I'll be able to pair it with lots of different jackets, tights, and shoes. The color is just like the color in the stock photo. Haven't washed it yet, so I don't know how well it will hold up, but I hope it does for a long time because I'll be wearing it a lot. Great buy!


Very disappointed. No tags. Way to small. I am a lg to xl, I purchased an xl. no way more like a medium. The material was more for pajamas, very thin.


I bought it because I loved the ombre fabric, but it is SO SHORT, especially in the butt end.  I can only wear it around the house where no one can see me.  The neck and shoulders aren't done well, either.


Although this is a nice little dress, and the overall size is ok, the sleeves are tiny...as in, the circumference would be suitable for a child!


I'm 4,11, 145lb,,,I order large and


It's perfect for me and really comfortable


Highly recommended.....


Really nice design, beautiful fabric.


Have washed once, in cold water,  and it has not run or faded.  I bought first the medium (5'2", 132 lbs) and then decided to buy a small as well.  The medium is a bit large and did not shrink.  The small is a better fit,  Perfect for casual summer day and evening.


I am suprisingly thrilled with this shirt dress! I was concerned about the length, so I ordered an XXL.  I am 5 ft 5 inches, 200 lbs, and usually wear a size 14, but I really wanted to wear this as a dress if possible. I have big arms, so I wanted to size up to make it blousy but also have the length.  If i would have ordered an XL it definitely would have been too short.  Great material, great fit, vibrant colors!


HATED THIS. The neckline is not as pictured. The fabric is a weird stretch synthetic unlike anything I've ever felt. So odd. The color was pretty I suppose but the sleeves and neckline look nothing like this photo. Even sizing up, I was majorly disappointed


Really lovely and good quality but it didn't fit my body type.  Bust and shoulder area so tight it smashed everything.  Hip and tummy area ok.  I would say to order based on your body type.  Not so good for busty ladies or large shoulders. I had to send back and the company was good about it.


More of a shirt than a dress.  Yes, I am 6 ft tall and sized up.... But it still didn't cover my rear end.  Too short to wear with leggings.  :(


