I like the look but definitely too small. I still give it 5 stars because it my own fault in the ordering.  I ordered an XL. I'm normally an XXL or 1X.  Now as I revisit the website, I see they did have the XXL option. Wish I had noticed that. Luckily my 21 year-old daughter can wear it. She's normally a medium, so this is a little big on her, but not much. It was tight on my arms and bust.


I love this dress. I'm 5ft 1 inch so it rally right above my knees. It's insanely comfortable and the color is amazing. I would definitely recommend this dress to anyone


The color is as shown and it's definitely thick enough you won't see through it! I thought this might look either too baggy or too short on me, but it fits and hangs really nicely! (I'm 5'1" ~112 lbs and got a small). Can't wait to wear this out!


What a great buy! This dress is so cute. The fabric is just the right thickness to hold its shape and yet is light and comfortable. According to the size chart, I am in between small and medium. I went with medium for the extra length. I usually need petite length but this worked out perfectly as I'm a little too old to wear a short dress. It's perfect. I love it! For that price, I'm thinking about ordering in another color.


Looks unreal cute: but know, it's small in the bust and tight. It comes up very high on the neck. To the point I will probably snip a bit off and make a small V. I got an XL. This is tight for XL top. I love the idea and colors but I will have to alter it to wear it, even as a beach dress. By alter, I mean me with scissors. Also, not sure why anyone would say this is thick t material? It doesn't get much thinner, but that is exactly what I wanted. Not see through if that's what someone posters meant as thick.


I'm a thin person and I was hoping it wouldn't look too big on me, but it does. The colors are awesome and exactly as pictured, I wish I could make it work. I tried adding a belt, but it bunches too much. (I wear a size 2 at Old Navy, for reference.) The length is good, not too short - basically exactly as described... it just didn't work for me personally.


This dress is perfect!! I'm 5'4", 170 lbs, 38D/DD, and I ordered the XL. I was going to order the large, but my shoulders are more on the broad side, and after reading other reviews about the dress being slightly tight up top I decided to order a size up. Since I did, I was worried that it would be a little too long, but it's not! It hits nicely above the knee. It's a beautiful color and the material is nice and thick, but not too thick. I bought it for summer, but it would still look nice with a pair of tights and a cardigan or jacket in the fall or winter. I love this dress and plan on ordering one or two more in different colors!


At 5' 2", 150 pounds, and 36D, I purchased a medium but it is a bit looser than I would like, so I am almost certain that I would have gotten away with ordering a small. However, with the price under $15, I don't think it is worth the effort to exchange. The dress itself is comfortable, lightweight (but not thin or cheap-feeling), and cute (that ombre effect is exactly what you see in real life). I like it for a casual, easy-to-put on outfit, but I am sure it has potential to be dressed up a bit more as well.


I wish I could give it 4.5 stars, because I do quite like it, and it almost got a 5!


The colors are gorgeous, exactly as I had hoped!  It looks great with long statement necklaces.  I was also happy with the overall length - I'm 5' 2" and the proportions still worked well for me.


The silhouette is a little more trapeze-like than I had expected, which is why it doesn't get the full 5 stars.  I knew it would be loose-fitting but I had expected a bit more waist definition.  If you are between sizes, you may want to size down, because it is fitted only at the bust and shoulders.


This is the 1st dress I bought off amazon and when it came I tried it on and really liked it. I washed it 1st because it smelt like plastic. I didn’t put it in the dryer, when it dried and I went to iron it I noticed these markings on it. No, I did not use bleach with it, our bleach isn’t even in our laundry room. I wish I could return it but considering I washed it and everything I know they will not take it back.


