Super cute and 100% worth the price. It is a bit tight in the bust so it looks better with a sports bra. Well endowed ladies should size up! Also be aware that the fabric really shows off any sweat you might work up. Otherwise it's great! Looks really cute with leggings and a denim vest!


It fits as measured. I get complements when I wear it. Not see thru. It’s soft like a long T-shirt. Great for summer or winter with leggings.


I’ve ordered several of these type shirts from Amazon. This one is the most comfortable & cutest for sure. I’m a big (but short) girl so I hang a lot of my clothes to avoid shrinkage. I accidentally dried this one & it’s still perfect. Fits great & looks wonderful.....I’d give this more stars if I could. Great buy!!!


Dress colors are beautiful, material is soft and stretchy.  There is no manufacturer tag or label in the neck which I like.  It would be perfect only it fit.  I normally wear a 3x in US plus sizes.  This dress is more like an XL or 1x.  It's definitely worth the money if you adjust the size, but be cautious of sizing.


fits true to size. so comfy and cute. I figured it would be disappointing and tight like every other "tshirt" dress I have tried on, but this actually feels like you're wearing a tshirt!


Girls, this dress is the perfect dress up or dress down dress. I wore it for a casual date night with the heels I have in that picture and it was perfect. The material is very good and not cheap, it is actually a bit heavy. The colors as seen is just like in the pic. The length goes just barely above the knee which might be a bit short for some but to me it was great. I am usually a M but I ordered a L just bc I love the style of dress that is not skin tight. If you are looking for something that is not right fitting, this is the dress for you! It just the perfect amount of flattering to the curves! I love it and my boyfriend loved it too!


Really wrong size. Ended up giving to 12 year old grandchild - size 10. I ordered 3x!


There was nothing bad about it I just didn't like it on me.  It looks just like the picture.  I'll be returning.


The fabric of this dress feels great. My only complaint is that the sleeves and chest area were a little snug! I am 5’9”, a size 14 pants, and a 36GG and got the XL. The dress was not too short.


I'm a 36DD and ordered a large and it fits everywhere but is tight around my bust and my arms. Does fall to a good length about 4 inches above my knees (5'7").


