I missed my return window but did not like how this dress fit on my hips. This might be very cute on a thin person, but is not the best pick for a curvy girl, in my opinion.


It's a much thicker fabric that you would expect but very soft. It does have a slight curve out at the bottom which works well with my figure (I have wide hips and a narrow waist). I'm so excited to wear this over the summer. Looks lazy but chic. Recommend! I may even buy another!


the top stayed tight since I have a bigger chest size and somewhat wide shoulders, and the rest of the dress was just way to wide for my liking. and having big boobs just pushed the dress out even wider making it look like I should wear with while pregnant.


This dress is my new favorite! The material is much better quality than I expected and the colors are perfect. It's also a really nice length - perfect for work. I didn't have high expectations but I just love it and my mom and sister bought one too. If you're on the fence, go for it!


I love this t-shirt dress. I bought it not to wear as a dress but as a longer top over Capri leggings.  It fits great. Looks good and washed well.  I am very pleased.


I normally fall between a medium and large (5'4, 136) and the medium was PERFECT for me.  I would have ordered large but based on other comments I decided on medium. It is so comfortable and has just the right amount of stretch in the fabric.  The material is not too thin and appears well made after two wash and wears.  No wrinkles after seat belt wear and normal use.  I am planning on ordering another color.  It hits right above the knees and I will probably wear capris with it most of the summer.


I was pleasantly surprised by this. I'm 5'8" 180 lbs US 14 38B and the XL fits perfectly, except that it juuuuuust covers my butt so I'll be wearing it with leggings. The tag says it's 95% cotton, 5% spandex, but it's totally rayon. I'd buy more if they were long enough to wear as a dress!


Nice design but not very soft. Not see through; it is a heavier fabric and lays okay on my body. I will get some wear out of it, but I wish the fabric was more skin friendly. Maybe washing it will soften it some.


Love love love this dress. I am usually a small but I’ve gained a few lbs so I got a medium. I think the cut of this dress would fit me if I was 10 lbs more or 10 lbs less. Very flattering and thick, nice quality!


I love this dress. Fantastic for the price. A medium hits me slightly above the knee (I'm 5'2), dress was very true to size. Dress is not fitted, is a looser style. The colors are perfect and as represented online. I'm a fan!


