Very comfy and cute.


After reading reviews and looking at pics i went up in size since I wear a 36DDD- definitely shouldnt have!!  My normal size of a larfe woulf have been better! But the 3 stars isn't because I ordered the wrong size. The material just doesn't flow or sway like I want- it really is just a large t-shirt, like a cheap mens undershirt material. No softness at all asnd has a small open seam down the side i have to fix with lots of loose threads. Will keep as a comfy around the house/yard dress- but not taking on vacation with me like I had planned.


Ok, I am 5'3" tall, and I weigh 138 pounds, and I wear a 38B in bra size, and got this in a medium originally, and it was way too tight in the shoulder bust areas. I ordered it again in a large and it does fit a little better, but it is still a hair tighter than I like it in the shoulder and bust areas. However, I really like the colors, shape, and length of it, so I will keep it, and just hand wash and hang to dry so it doesn't shrink anymore....


So, I ordered the biggest size (XXXL) and the arms were really tight, and the dress was super short, so much so that I think it could only be a tunic on anyone over 30. I'm 5'7'' usually wear an XL in shirts and a 14-16 in dresses.  I give it three stars because it would be beautiful if it fit.


This fits me perfectly!  I'm 4'11" and it comes right above my knees.  The top fits perfectly.  The colors are very pretty, better than the picture.  The fabric is soft. It's very casual and comfortable, but today I wore it with a colorful silk scarf and dressed it up a bit for a meeting.


This item was supposed to be a plus size, I couldn't even get my regular sized head through the neckline, now I'm stuck with it, because I'm doable and UPS pickup costs half as much as the item costed. I'll never buy clothes from Amazon again.


Seriously such a comfortable dress. I was looking for some easy options for a hot summer while needing to look somewhat professional for my internship. It's so easy to wear paired with a kimono and/or a statement necklace. I get compliments on it every time I wear it! No one believes that I bought it for less than $15! I am 5'5 and 34 inches around in bust, and the medium (size I would normally wear) fits great.


This shirt fits very tight on the top half.  I don't think the sizing is correct.  I bought a large and it fit more like a small-medium.


I ordered a size medium, going up a size per reviewers' recommendations.  I am 5'3", size 4-6, and wear a 34D.  The fit across the shoulders, chest, and arms was tight for me in this dress.  Also, it was much shorter than I feel comfortable in for wearing it as a dress alone.  I ended up returning this.  With that being said, it is adorable and I wish it had worked for me.


This dress was too short (and I am 4'11") and ran pretty small through the arms and chest area (I am on the curvy side).  It is however a beautiful color and appears to be well made.  I almost sent it back because of fit, but I am losing weight.  It is so pretty I am hoping to fit into it later this year for a pool side/campground/beach walk-around dress.  If not, I will donate it.  Recommended for thin, straighter built folks.  But if you are very tall, this will be on the short side and made need shorts or leggings.


