This was a lot more green than I expected. And although super cute it's also a few inches shorter than expected. I'd call this a shirt, not a dress.


I bought this to take on a cruise next summer. It fits nicely. I like the colors.


This dress is a good fit,flowy,and perfect for those summer days. It also hits right above the knee(in length). I stand at 5'5 and around 159lbs. I also wear a size 12 and bought the large.


OMG!  I ordered this in a large.  I am 5'4", 175lbs and size 12.  It fit well.  I went for a walk wearing it with leggings.  Walked by a small branch and it snagged.  By the time I looked down, a huge hole was gaping.  It was almost like a seam came undone except it was not at a seam.  I am so aghast at this.  I actually liked this dress and it was comfortable.  Boo!!!!


I saw this on a buzzfeed list and thought it was too cute. I was nervous it would be too short to be a dress. I'm 5'9, ordered the XL. The sleeves are much more snug than I want, but it lays great. The biggest problem I have is how short it is. They said in the product description that one of the models was my height, so I thought it would be acceptable for me. But I cannot raise my arms without letting the world see a little bit too much of me. I will definitely wear this, just with leggings!


Runs small. If you want it to fit like it does on the model I would at least go two sizes up from your normal size. I ordered up one size and while it's cute, it's a bit tight in the arms and chest. I would keep it anyway except there's a huge white mark that looks like it's indented into the fabric. I plan on returning.


Cute, casual dress for spring/summer. The fabric is thicker than expected, but that also meant that the wrinkles were harder to get out. This was the only item I received wrinkly, all other items I've purchased in the past were fine (maybe it's an anomaly). Anyway, it's a loose fit dress that you can dress up or down with heels/sandals. Overall, I like it, but I'm most likely going to wear this to the beach instead of a formal gathering.


I bought the ROMWE Women's Tunic Swing T-Shirt Dress Short-Sleeve Tie Dye Dress Size XL to wear around the house, to the beach, or to go out for errands. It's made in China - sizing runs small across the bust, armpits and sleeves. XL T-shirts are usually comfortable on me, but this XL T-shirt Dress was snug across the top. After wearing it for only a few minutes the dress rode up and bunched up above my bust and toward the shoulders, indicating it was too small in the chest area. For reference my bra-size is 40B: I will be exchanging for XXL, will see how that goes and update my review. The body of the dress fits wonderfully, it's loose and flowy, has a nice bit of "swing" to it so it hides the love handles well. As to the length, it falls about 2 inches  above my knees. ("I'm 5'2".) The fabric is awesome, 95% cotton 5% spandex. It is not sheer or too thin, nor is it clingy. It has a nice flowy drape with just the right amount of stretch. The dress is well cut and well stitched, no loose threads, VERY COMFORTABLE! I bought the Ombre green/blue and the color is just as pictured. I definitely recommend purchasing, but recommend going up 1 size from your usual. The model pictured wearing this dress must have extremely thin arms and a small bust: if that describes you, stick with your usual size.


I'm always looking for interesting, casual, easy pieces, and I love this one. I'm 5'3", so I wasn't sure how the length would be, but it's awesome. Not too short, not long, hits in a super flattering spot. The cut has more of a bell shape than I was expecting, but the drape helps quite a bit and it's cute worn loose or cinched.


The material itself has nice drape like I'd mentioned, but a nice touch of structure, too. I'm super weird about material, but this is super soft - not quite modal, but close. I dig it.


Sent it back. Twice. First time. Body fit fine, albeit snug at the top. It was the sleeves I couldn't live with, so I returned it.  I ordered the next size up. It came. Body part was too big for me this time, but I could have lived with that... problem was still the sleeves. The sleeves were so tight on my rather muscular arms that I couldn't wear it for anything. I sent it back a second time and will not be re ordering. If you have small upper arms, go for it. It's pretty enough and I think, honestly, the first size had sleeves large enough, but I concentrated on the snug upper breast area and decided to try a second time. I guess my disappointment is showing because I think I'm repeating myself.


