I am 5'3" and 150 lbs and I purchased a large, it worked perfectly. Got lots of compliments on it the first day I worn it!


Love this t -shirt dress! Fit well and is so comfortable to wear.  I am 4'11" and the dress sits right above my knees.  Will be perfect for my summer errands, throw it on, flip flops, and goooooo. .......


This was WAY to small.  It looks cute on the model and those who have put pictures on Amazon.  i bought a 3x and normally wear a 2 x.  At most this is an extra large.  I look like a stuffed sausage.  No thank you.  the color bleed and the fabric are great, but the dress does not match the measurements are are in the description.


I loved the colors of this dress. But the sleeves and neck were a bit of a weird fit, and the real deal breaker was that it was just too short for me to be comfortable wearing it out, especially given that it is so loose fitting at the bottom (first breeze would be a real Marilyn moment). I also couldn't even lift my arms up without lifting up the whole dress up to the level of my crotch. I gave it two stars because it the dress seems like a nice quality material, thick and soft, and as I said I loved the colors. But after reading other reviews, I wouldn't recommend it if you wear larger than a size medium. I'll be returning this, unfortunately.


It's a cute dress.  A little small.  I think I will have to lose about 10 lbs before I wear it. Ordered an XL according to the reviews and it's still too clingy. Snug across the top back/shoulders. It stretches, yes, but I don't like it clinging to my back which is a horrible problem area for me.  If you are busty or have a 'fatback', go up another size. I wear a 38G.


It came out of the package very wrinkled. The material is soft, smooth, and feels very comfortable and lightweight.  I was planning on wearing it in Costa Rica on vacation but I refuse to wear clingy things and might use this for pajamas.  If I wear it out in public, I will have to have a long vest that doesn't cling.


Haven't decided yet if this is going back.


Unfortunately this one didn't work so well for me. I'm 170 lbs, 5'5", Size 10 in pants and either a medium or large in tops. I felt it fit very strange; the scoop neck wasn't the same as in the model photo, and it had a weird flare to the skirt area. It flared out more on one side than it did on the other. It's possible I received a defective one, but nonetheless it was weird looking. I was also disappointed in the colors. They looked very dull and muted, like the item had been washes 50 times. Lastly, the fabric was a little too rough for my taste. I'm sure there are loads of people who would absolutely love this if purchased, so I would not tell people to steer away from this, but unfortunately it wasn't a winner for me.


The color and the material is nice on this, but the fit is really weird. I am usually a size small in most things, occasionally a medium, so I ordered the small. It was pretty tight in the chest and arms, then triangled out in an unflattering way from the chest down. Also it was surprisingly short. I'm only 5'3", so things are rarely short on me. It wasn't inappropriately short, but just short enough that it looked bad on me and I have a feeling it would probably shrink more in the wash. I will be returning.


If this dress fits you, it will be a very cute dress. It just didn't look good on me.


I bought a Medium and it's perfect. I'm 5'0", 36C, 135lbs, 29" pant size.  The bust is a bit snug but because the draping is generous it's not too noticeable. I accidentally popped it in the dryer and it shrank largely in the length (around 1-2 inches) and not too much in terms of width. The sleeves are snug like a form fitting tshirt so no gap around the arms. The neckline is a bit higher than other swing dresses I've purchased but Not constricting on the neck at all. The fabric is a sturdy tshirt material, not a thin drapey material like many women's tshirts so it's less "swingy" than it looks it looks in photos. Looked great as a pool coverup but the thicker fabric wasn't the best for keeping me cool. For the price, though, it can't be beat.


I normally wear a L/X-Large but based on reviews I ordered the largest size available 3x.  Fit was good and tunic was so cute.  It has some streach so my 42B Cup size was fine.  Length was also good.  I am 5'4", 160lbs and it covered my bottom quite well wearing leggings.  I would not recommend this top if you are a C cup or bigger unless you like a tight fit.  My only major complaint is this top arrived with a 1-2" HOLE cut in the material just below the neckline in the very front of this top.  I hate returning items so I am going to attempt to "fix" the hole but this may be difficult due to the slightly stretchy material and where the whole is located.  This Top most definitely runs small and I would recommend ordering 2 sizes up.


Love this dress! T shirt dresses are my favorite thing to wear in the summer and this one's fits the bill. It's comfortable and seems well made. I am 5'6 and 165 with a 38C bust and ordered a Large. Fits great.


