LOVE this dress. I get so many compliments when i wear it! So comfortable too! You can dress it up with heels or throw it on with flip flops. The color is so pretty! LOVE


little tight in the bust and arms - love the color. The neckline a little too high for me. But I think it is nice.


Fit as expected. Colors were nice and true to how they appear.


I love the dress.  I bought it as a swimsuit cover up.  I ordered 1 size up from my usual and the arms and chest are SUPER tight (which won't work over a wet bathing suit and visibly obvious the rest of the time).  I'm actually just going to get the next size up since I like it so well and hope this one will fit after I lose a couple more pounds.


Fits more like a loose dress.  Tighter on shoulders/chest and very loose and flowing on down.  I'm 5'3" and the small hits me just above the knees.  Great dress/tunic for the price.  The t-shirt material is soft.


I don’t understand all the other reviews. I’m 5’4 I just had a baby so I know I’m shrinking but I just weighed myself and I’m for sure still 190. Im 34G and wear other shirts in an XL. I figure I would go with a Large for a more fitted look but it fit me like a house.


So I don’t know how all these other girls my same height but 40lbs less are fitting the XL?!


This tunic is super cute and the fabric is really light and comfortable but it runs extremely small. I ordered my normal size and it was too tight, so I returned it and ordered the a bigger size and it was not much bigger at all. Still too small. Unfortunately I returned it.


I love this dress! I get so many compliments when I wear it. It stands up to washing really well and doesn't wrinkle badly. It is even pretty easy to get stains out of. I bought it in another color as well!


Tight in the shoulder area and flares out toward the bottom, looks weird on. It's stiff, maybe after it is washed it won't stick out at the bottom.


I'm short so a little shorter than I expected.  Very muted grayish colors.  But so inexpensive that all can be overlooked.


