Good lounge-around-the-house dress.


True to size and seems like a great casual dress for the summer. Can’t wait to wear it. I also like that it’s not a midi dress nor a mini dress. I’m only 5’2 but I’m not a teenager, I can’t walk about in mini dresses but I would like something fun and above my knees in the summer. I like my legs to get sun. So this fit the bill well. If you are pretty tall, def 5’5 and above, this may be too short for you.


Nice Y-shirt fabric and hangs well.


I am 5'0" and 140 lbs with a large 42" bust. It was a little tight around the top but fit perfectly everywhere else.  Great summer/fall dress!


Thin material. Fits too tight and it's in the size I normally wear. Every bump on my body shows, including ones I didn't know I had. Unflattering. I bought two colors and they are both going back.


Great dress.  Bought my normal size medium and it fit perfectly.  Not too short as I feared. If you have larger breasts, it might fit tight in the chest. 5'7 145lbs and 34DD - 34DDD (depending on bra) if chest was larger, the medium probably would not have fit in the chest. Cute summer dress.


The fabric is nice comfortable stretchy. If you're a small thin person this will be really cute so I gave it three stars. I was disappointed because  what I thought would be oversized and comfortable to lounge around in fit small.


Looked better than it really is. Thought this would be an adorable summer coverup. Was disappointed with the material and the fit. Runs small and there was little swing.


The tunic/dress itself is really cute but it does fit tight across the top.  I found it to be far too short in the back (I have a rather round bottom) and had to return it because of this.


It is slightly tighter through the chest than I would like, but overall I like this dress a lot. I received 5+ compliments my first time wearing it and the color is beautiful. Considering ordering in another color even.


Fit was just as expected except the arm sleeves are a bit snug/form fitting. Loose flowy dress. Great for summer and spring. The fabric is soft cotton. there was a flaw with the ombre on the right in the picture but nothing too serious. Overall would recommend for the price.


