I give this dress a 3, I liked it but I felt it was too long for my 5'4 frame. So if you like dresses to your knees or your tall, it would be perfect. I returned mine.


Very well made, and hangs beautifully.  After seeing comments I bought a size up, and was glad because I like a lot of room in my tops.  Since I am of the older generation I wear this over leggings, it comes to mid thigh (I am 5'5") and I really like the look.


I like it, but I didn't love it so it went back. A little too clingy for me. Very stretchy, nice weight, easy movement beautiful colors. Pockets could have made it a keeper.


This dress is very cute and comfortable, however it runs a little small.  It arrived very wrinkly but those came out after I hung it up for a few days.  The fabric does get indents though every time it is adjusted.  These only go away after a few minutes.  Still, this dress is perfect to throw on and run errands and beat the summer heat!


I love this dress! The color is exactly like the picture (I got the teal) and the quality is good - not thin or clingy at all. I'm 5'3" 150 lbs with a "curvy" body and this was flattering on my body type. I got a medium and it fits great, not boxy or too tight. Length is perfect for me but I probably wouldn't wear heels with this. Also if you've got a bit of a booty you might want to wear a thong as it showed panty lines when I tried it with regular underwear.


I ordered a L to wear as a tunic when I was in my 3rd trimester and it was perfect. It covered my bottom and I could wear it out with leggings. The arms weren’t tight and I was very comfy in an uncomfortable time of my life. I tried it on after having my baby, she’s five months now and it looks great! Not too short and lays perfectly.


super cute, but ran very small.  I ordered plus size and it fit my friend who wears size 10.


Ordered a size small. The shoulders were definitely a size small, but the dress fit like a drape. No shape at all- nothing (at all) like shown on the model. And the material was scratchy, so I will not even wear it to bed.


This is even prettier in person and such a soft, comfy material! There is a little shape to it as well (fitted around the chest area then flares out slightly) so it doesn't look like you're just wearing a shapeless, baggy t-shirt.


Nothing wrong with dress, but it was too small even though I ordered the size I wear. I would order it a couple sizes larger that you normally wear if you buy it.


