If you have a fuller bust, be aware that the cut of the top is snug across the bustline. I'm a 36 C and the material pulled a bit tight over my chest. Yes, the dress is cute but also on the short side. It worked great as a beach coverup.


I love the material and the style.  The only problems I had was I had to order 3 sizes larger than what I wear.  It took 3mo. to get it and it was a 2 day delivery.


LOVE this dress. I receive so many compliments about it, whether it's the style, the fit, or the color (for reference, I have the light to dark blue ombre). If I could have all my dresses be this comfortable and stylish, I would. I'm very small (5 feet), so finding dresses that fit me without looking like a poncho can be difficult at times. This dress fits just right without being too tight. 10/10 would recommend.


This is a tad short for the plus size gals (because of our bodies being curvier, it tends to rest a little higher), but it's definitely comfortable and I wear it (with some shorts or capri leggings under it). It looks exactly as it appears! The green/blue blend is very nice.


This is NOT a shirt. It IS a dress. Very narrow in the shoulders  and very long. I'm 5'4" and it goes down to my knees. Does not look right even with leggings.  It gets two stars because the fabric is really nice. Would look good on a teenager.


I thought it was cotton, it's some sort of weird and not soft blend. It also runs small and the sleeves have little give, so while it fit just ok on the rest of me, the arms were tight. Pretty color though - I'm bummed it didn't work out.


I got the large but I probably could've gotten away with a medium. Still fit fine, super comfy and my new go to dress. I wear it around the house or pretty much anywhere out of the house. I've gotten a few compliments. Not sure if they have other colors but I'll purchase again.


Cute! Not too long for my 5'3" frame. The small was true to size. The fabric is actually thicker than I expected so it's more of a day time dress than something you'd throw on over a bathing suit.


I took my daughter to the park and saw the lady in this dress!! I just had to ask her where she got it and she said Amazon I ordered one that night. It's so soft and comfy I absolutely love it. It actually looks way better in person than the photo!!


I ordered my normal medium dress this was way too small in the bust.  Fabric was OK for the price.  Return was painless.  I have returned more clothing than I have kept from Amazon.com.  I wish sizing was standard.........I'm very reluctant to order clothing.


