I love the color and quality of the fabric for this dress. However, I'm around 5'4" and it is more of a t shirt on me. I'm not returning it, because I still really like it, but it definitely is not what I expected to receive.


I liked everything about this purchase except that I figured if I Needed an XL, that a 2XL would be great for a swimsuit cover up. Wrong! The 2XL is sized abou a medium. Do it will go off as a donation and I am out the $$ and don’t have what would have been my ideal style if coverup☹️


Super cute and comfy dress. I'd recommend buying a size up as it feels small. I'm 5'6", 140lbs, and the small was just a little too small for me.


Make sure to wash it separately the first and second time, as some of the dye comes out. Line dry in a flat place as it holds wrinkles.


Very nice cut and color. I wore this in the florida heat and to my horror every drop and trail of sweat left a map on this dress. Keeping it to wear in the fall.


This is my second purchase of the dress (different colors). I'm between a side 12-14 and I ordered a Large. Great fit. The dress is so soft and breathable. I've worn my first dress on two different beach vacations (US & Mexico) and have received multiple compliments on how nice it looks. For the price and how comfortable the material is I am super happy with my purchases.


I ordered a 5x assuming that it would run small ( I normally wear a 3x). The item they sent me may qualify as a 1x, surely no larger than that. Unless you like to wear your clothing very tight, buyer beware.


The color was great but the arm hole were way too small


Soft and lightweight fabric, and has nice loose fit.  I bought a large because of some reviews, but a medium would have been adequate due to the way the fabric is cut and flows.  However, the large is not so large that it looks unattractive, so I will keep it and enjoy wearing it.


Absolutely loved the dress however by the second wear the stitching is falling apart.


I am pretty bummed NO RETURNS after a certain date.  It was cold when I made the purchased the dress.


I will be ordering another one in a bigger size since this one ran small!


I really liked this tunic, but it was a little tight in the chest. I returned it. Pretty color though.


