My item arrived damaged


This dress has a beautiful ombre look that goes well with several pair of leggings. It's shorter than I usually wear, fitting mid-thigh, but it's going to be great this summer.


It's not T-shirt fabric, it's a little slicker in feel. However, the fit is great. It's versatile enough to dress up or down.


This dress is absolutely adorable and exactly as pictured. It can easily be dressed up with accessories or dressed down with a pair of flip flops. It arrived a bit wrinkled, but I ran it through the wash and hung it to air dry: problem solved. The medium fit me perfectly (I am 5'7" and 150 pounds). The length is nice, the fabric is a good quality. Most importantly, for a Texan like me, this dress breathes. Super pleased with the purchase, and the compliments I have received so far!


Item came poorly stitched and there are already holes in it when it was tried on. Hadn't even been washed or worn. I'm not sure what the good reviews were about. It's a thick tshirt dress, No pockets. No shape. Pretty disappointing really. I'd send it back but I had surgery (hence a tshirt dress for simplicity and comfort), and I don't have the energy or ability to even return this item. I. Top of all if this, the item arrived late.


Got several compliments the first time I wore it. I do usually wear a medium but went ahead and bought a large and I'm SO glad I did. I honestly probably could have even done XL. I'm about 5'6 and 150 lbs. It looks and feels great on though-would definitely recommend.


I love the print. As shown. Material is thicker than other sundresses I've purchased online, so that's a good plus.


Just a bit tight in the chest area. I have a large chest so that's always my biggest problem in fitting clothes comfortably.


I love this dress, it's such a lovely tshirt style of casual and breezy for the super hot Texas summer weathers.  I am a 5'3, 155lb woman and I purchased in a size medium and the fit was very well made for my size!


MADE IN CHINA! SIZING IS COMPLETELY OFF, WAY TOO SMALL. NOT THE DRESS AS DESCRIBED. NOT COTTON. I AM 5'1" AND THIS WAS 3 INCHES ABOVE MY KNEE.


I had this dress already in an ombre blue and I loved the material and the way it looked so I decided to get it in a violet ombre. I was not disappointed.


Too small, so I returned it, but if you order one size larger (according to the size chart) it should fit. Other than that, it is cute and looks like the picture. The colors are very similar to what is shown. It is casual, but I was planning to wear it around the house, and it would have been perfect.


