I'm 4'11, 120 lbs. Ordered small and xs. The small was a bit to big on me, but the xs worked. Hits just above my knees.


This is a pretty decent dress for the price. I purchased a medium. I am 5'3, 150lbs, 41-32-40.5. I typically wear medium to large in tops. I am top heavy with round arms. This dress is very drapey and a little snug in the arms for my taste. It's not extactly flattering but it is a nice casual dress.


Wow this dress really flatters my body type! It flares out perfectly. I'm like 170 5'1 and i ordered a large. It was a tad long for my height but I'm used to it and I think it may shrink a bit. It hits a little above the knee. It just looks absolutely adorable on me. Love it!


Super easy to throw on and look cute! On the shorter side for someone 5'9" like me but I'm comfortable in it. The material is quite sturdy. Love the colors.


Cute color. Not quite what I expected but I thought that might be the case based on the reviews. Took a chance anyways. Makes a cute tunic--ordered XXL and the body fits ok but the arms are slightly tight.


I ordered this dress in a Large.  I weigh 160 lbs, 5'3 38 bust and 42 inch hips. This dress fit perfectly.  I'll probably need some shorts to wear under the dress if I wash and dry it. The green and blue is just beautiful. Love the color combo.  It's a thick t-shirt material.  This definitely compliments your upper body while being flowy in the lower portion.  My husband loved the dress on me.  I was a little scared to order it thinking it would look like a bag, but it looks great.  And it helps that I am curvy.


First, this is the cutest dress ever. I purchased the ombré short sleeve dress (green-ish at the top and fades to to dark blue at the bottom). The color is exactly as it appears - as far as my screen goes anyway.


This was purchased for my teenage daughter who is TINY - just a smidge over 5 foot tall and weighs just under 100 pounds. I ordered the size small. I knew it would be flowy with extra room prior to purchasing. On her it come close to her knees - a little too long for the look she was going for. It was also pretty roomy - more than I expected.


The dress is made of 95% cotton and 5% Elastine. I've washed it twice in hot water and dried it on the hottest setting. It has shrunk a little each time. So that's something to keep in mind.


Honestly, this dress is precious! It's perfect for an easy summer look. You can dress it up with a long necklace (or layered necklaces) or a thin, summer charm/pendant scarf with cute sandals or booties. You can dress it down as it is with flip flops or converse. So many great ways to play with this one piece! It's very versatile and a real bargain.


Be sure to look at the size chart that's found in the pictures of the dress. I did purchase this knowing it would probably be a bit big so I'm not complaining about that. If you are tiny you may want to keep in mind you may need to try and shrink it or have it altered... depending on how you like things to fit.


The dress is also really soft. I've noticed no material or color inconsistencies or irregular/loose stitching. It appears to be well made in my opinion.


I think this dress could work for nearly any body type. It seems like it would be very forgiving if you carry extra weight in the stomach or hips.


I would say this dress would be great for tweens, teens, young women and even middle aged women. I do recommend it.


I ordered this dress on March 27th and received it on March 30th. I was a little skeptical about which size to order because I am a curvy girl (I have an hour glass figure with a big butt). I ordered the size large which is the normal size I order in dresses and it fits perfect! It's not too short (it's just right; I'm 5'5 btw) and the colors look sooo good with my skin tone and my hair color (I'm a redhead). Would definitely recommend it to anyone and don't be scared by the other reviews because it fits like expected. I tried on the dress right out of the package and I need to iron it but it's absolutely perfect and just what I expected. I hope this helps.


Fits well and I loved the color, but I'll have to give it to my much shorter sister.  Typical as usual this dress is just a bit too short for my 5 ft 10 self which is an absolute bummer.  Should have known better but for the price I figured if it didn't work for me I'd just gift it to someone else which is what I plan on doing.  So fellow tall ladies this is your warning, if you don't want to be worried about mooning everyone when you bend over look elsewhere for a cute t-shirt dress.


Absolutely love this dress! I'm 5'2", about 170 lbs and a 38DDD—I ordered the XL and it fit perfectly! It's the perfect length! Great, soft material! Got so many compliments on it at work! Looks great in the summer or would look cute with tights and boots in the fall and winter!


