I really love this dress. It's adorable. I'm usually a 2x in shirts but ordered a 3x to be on the safe side. My only complaint is that it came with a tear :'( Amazon did an amazing job at making up for that though. All in all, I'm happy :)


5'3 133lbs and I ordered a size small. nice and cozy t-shirt material. I already know I'm not going to want to dry this. great price!


This is a light weight tshirt material and that I don't mind wearing in public for very casual stuff. I'm over 50 and usually take a size medium or size 8 with a curvy figure. I'm 5'2 and the dress line hits right to the kneecap. Size medium fit me about the same bagginess as the model. Somewhat big. But for the money you really can not go wrong.


This was too short for me and too flared,  I am in my 60's so would be cute for someone younger.


This dress was def better made than the other one I got from another company. The quality between the two were night and day. The material is soft but thick, not see through. I love the color of this dress, green and a deep blue .


The sleeves were slightly tight but not enough to send the dress back. I haven't worn it out or washed it yet but that will be the true test of how well it's made.


beautiful colors, soft and flowy, and GREAT quality! I love it! I'm usually between a L and XL, but I went with the L and it fit wonderfully! I would recommend to a friend:)


I ordered this dress for part of a costume but was really surprised at the quality for the price. I'm 5'1" and in general a size 2/4 the small fit fine. I would actually say a little on the big side. I will only use it for my costume but I can see how someone taller would really love this dress as an everyday item. I'm a mom of two and could totally see myself wearing this to run around with them. you wouldn't be afraid to get it dirty and its structured enough to look pulled together. Very happy with the purchase for the money spent


The dress is amazing and super flattering. The colors look just like the picture and I even think the ombré looks a little more gradual in person (rather than a straight section divide) which I prefer. I had pretty large breasts (I’m a size 10, DDD breasts) so I was worried about not getting a size up, but I was pleasantly surprised. The dress fit me snug at the bust and arms (not too tight at the arms, enough to move just not baggy) and flowed straight down like an a-line dress. I can’t wait to wear it!


I LOVE this dress--it fits great, the fabric is good quality, and it is so comfortable. I really want to buy it in more colors!


I purchased this to wear when out by the pool or beach. It fits somewhat small, but still wears well and is very pretty in person. The fabric feels really nice as well. I'd recommend it, but buy a size or two larger than you think - especially if you have a larger chest.


