I love this dress.  But it's soooo short that it's almost tunic length on me.  I'm 5'6" so not too tall, but the dress is several inches above my knees.  So, it's cute and comfy and if it were 4 inches longer, I'd give it 5 stars, but as it is, I'll probably have to wear with leggings or find a short friend to gift it to.


I couldn't be more satisfied with this dress! So comfy, perfect sizing, quickly delivered, great quality. For reference, I am 5'2 195 pounds. :) Will be ordering more!  (Don't mind my work bathroom mirror selfie! haha)


Ordered 2 - one small, one medium. Both fit but I tend to prefer a loose fit in casual clothes so I kept the medium and will save the small to give to a friend. The S wasn't too tight, I just prefer a roomier feel.  Love the style and color. Well constructed and very comfortable feel to the fabric. Wouldn't mind having another in a red to orange  or dark green to lighter green


Omg...incredibly small. I ordered a 2x because i am 5'11" and this cover up/dress was just a wee bit more than a glorified tee shirt.  Would be arrested if i wore this in public for putting my girly bit on display!


Ended up giving it to my teenahe daughter.


This is a heavier t-shirt material with a slight sheen & a little stretch. It is VERY comfortable & every time I wear it, I get lots of compliments. It can be dressed up, too! This piece is one of my favorites of this summer. It would go great with leggings for cooler weather. I would love to buy another in different colors!


Love the material. Fits loose and comfortable, I ordered a medium which is my standard size. Recieved tons of  complements, love the ombre color too.


Wish it came in other colors too!


I am 5'3", 34DD, and 154lbs and a medium fit perfect. The dress is a little short, hitting above mid-thigh so when the wind blew I made sure to hold it down. The fit through the chest was perfect and the arms also fit very well. The dress does stretch, so if you are in between sizes I would size down since it is a flowy dress.


The quality of this dress is surpring given the low price tag. I was expecting the dress to be cheaply made and sheer, but it's actually a thick, soft fabric and the colors are true to the picture.


My only complaint is that it seems to run pretty large. I wear a lot of tshirt dresses and assumed this would be pretty loose, but it's very oversized. The cut also seems to be a little less flattering than some of my other tshirt dresses. I'm 5'5" between 120-125lbs and ordered a S, but should have ordered an XXS.


I love it!! Fits well and has a nice stretch to it. I am going to buy another in a different color, these will be cool, comfortable and stylish for the summer, so easy to pair with sandals of vans.


Being 4'11", everything is too long for me.  This dress was just the opposite.  It was mid thigh and tight across the chest.  It was so short if I lifted my arms it was obscene.  I wanted an easy breezy summer dress, but this was a bit too breezy !!


