I absolutely love this dress. It's perfect for a causal weekend outing. It can be dressed up with nice shoes or dressed down with flip flops. I love the colors. It can be worn to the beach. I love that it has sleeves as it allows it to be doubled as a summertime dinner dress. Great price, too. So comfortable!


I'm 5'4", size 12-14, 38F chest. I ordered this in XL and it fit fine, the top section was more fitted due to my chest size. The material has a stretchy  cotton tee shirt feel, thinner than a classic cotton tee but it felt a little stiff. I think that will go away after washing. For my height, the length was perfect. It hit above the knee but not as short as on the model. The grey had a pretty greyish-navy color at the bottom. I ended up returning because I was looking for straighter cut. The swing just had too much movement and volume for me.


The perfect T-shirt dress! the material is nice and thick so the outline of your underwear doesn't show through. 5'5 200lbs 40 DD with most of my weight in the butt and gut area and this dress is so flattering. My hind end does raise it up in the back but not so much that it leaves me exposed, the dress itself comes to about mid thigh on me, I bought an XL to make sure my arms weren't pinched. Love it will buy another one!


What a cool and refreshing item to add to your summer wardrobe! This dress can be worn very casually over a swimsuit, or dressed up and worn out to dinner  what a cool and refreshing item to add to your summer wardrobe! This dress can be worn very casually over a swimsuit, or dressed up and worn out to dinner


 It is very versatile and helps fight the heat on these hot summer days. I will be purchasing another in another color this afternoon.


I just adore this dress, it is so cute and fun! You can dress slum casual with just some flip flops or glam it up with some killer sandals and the right necklace. Very comfy and just the perfect length. I have a big booty and these short dresses and get a little risque on me, but this one is just the right length!


It is a cotton/spandex mix, so the fabric is a little thicker than my other cotton t-shirt dresses. The neckline is a little wider than your typical t-shirt, which is cute. I ordered the "Short Sleeve_multicolor" dress in a size M. The colors are true to the picture. I am 5'7", 135 lbs, and a D cup and the Medium fits nicely. I am fairly conservative when it comes to dress length, and this is one I would put into my "short dress" category, that is perfect for a day at the park, or going out in the summer time.


It arrived very wrinkly, so I washed it an hung it to dry. Most of the wrinkles came out, and I think once I wear it for a bit the wrinkles will fall out.


Giving it 4 stars simply because it is not the BEST quality, but for the price I think this is a great buy.


Loved the dress and it fit well but while trying it on I noticed two discolorations on the front that went through the fabric. Disappointing because I wanted it for a trip.


Good for the price.  I didn't want a slouchy fit so I ordered a size down and got a small.  I'm 5'4, 140lbs, measurements are 36-30-40.  Sleeves fit my arms, aren't loose like they are on the model, a more snug fit around my bust, but still loose and roomy around the mid section and hips, which I think is a much more flattering look than just loose all over.  The fabric is a nice weight, not too thin. I just wanted something comfortable and casual to wear as most of my dresses feel too dressy for most days and this will work perfectly.


This dress was awful. I got the green/blue as well as grey/blue t-shirt dresses. The grey was much worse - the fabric was stiff and cheap and like sandpaper to wear. I couldn't wait to take it off and return it. The green was a little better, clearly made of a different higher-quality material than the grey, but still not great. The blue ombre bottom was stiff and hit at a weird spot on my body. It was also a much sharper transition from green to blue than the photo. Was hoping for a cute flowy summer beach dress, but had to return both. Ugh.


This dress is perfect. I normally wear a large and I got a xl after seeing some reviews. It fits great and the cotton is super comfy. I'm 5'7 and it's the perfect length.


