Great dress! It was exactly what I expected. The colors are not as vibrant as pictured, but it's still super cute. If I remember correctly I ordered this in XL.  I'm 5'5" and it hit approximately 2" above my knee. The bottom of this dress is pretty flowy so I would likely feel more comfortable wearing spandex shorts under it vs. panties. The top is more form fitting, however, I have a large bust (E) and it still fits great. Overall, I was pleased with my purchase.


I'm 5'5" and around 150 lbs. based on reviews on ordered a medium. Love the fit. A little snug around chest, but if I had gotten a large, it would have swallowed me everywhere else. It's a very nice dress, especially for the price. Very happy with the purchase.


LOVE this dress!!! I ordered an XL, I'm 5'7" and 185lbs of postpartum weight and I needed a dress that didn't hug my mid section. It's so cute and loose fitting. Perfect.


Unfortunately this was a bad fit -- tight around the chest, shoulders too narrow and the neckline is very small.  I never wear it since I always feel like I'm choking.  The picture of the dress online gives the impression that the neckline is a much larger opening so don't trust that if you're looking at purchasing this.  Wish I had returned this before washing since it just takes up space in my closet.  Ordered a large, and it fits as if I ordered a medium.


This dress shipped and delivered quickly with prime. It fits like I thought it would. I ordered a medium. I am 5ft. 6in. And 150 lbs. the dress would be great for beach cover up or spring and summer dress with sandals. It is loose and free flowing. The fabric is soft cotton not heavy. Also not so thin you can see through it. It hits a few inches above the knee. The colors are exactly like the picture, a green on the top and blue on the bottom. Nice to wear a dress somedays and still be comfortable.


Probably the most comfortable item of clothing I've bought recently. The material is just like what you would expect from a pack of white t-shirts, maybe slightly softer. The length was really nice (I'm about 5ft tall) and while I wore it with leggings, I think it would have covered everything appropriately even if I hadn't. I wore an elastic belt with it and it really completed the outfit. I bought the light blue/blue fade dress, but the light blue part is more of a teal, which I really like anyway. It's not as blue grey as I thought it was going to be.


Really cute.  Wore it with capri leggings that had the blue and green color and it was super cute. Only problem is it is very narrow through the shoulders and bust.  I saw that in another review, but thought I'd take a chance.  Since I'm pretty handy with the sewing machine I'm going to open the neckline to a V-neck and that should fix the problem.  Someone really needs to tell Chinese manufacturers that American women, in general, have a bit more in the chest than their Asian sisters.


I love this dress! It is light and very flattering. I wore it on my honeymoon to the Bahamas and to a restaurant for dinner later that week. The color of the blue ombre is gorgeous. I ordered a L because I normally wear a US L(10-12.) I am 5' 5" and 180 lbs. It fits just right. I wouldn't want it any smaller or bigger. I hope this helps you decide!


I washed this shirt and the bottom color bled onto the upper color where it touched in the washing machine. I've never had any other clothing do that. I was very disappointed. I'll wear it around the house for a nightshirt, but I can't wear it outside with these splotchy colors on the top. It's comfortable, but fits a little baggier than I expected too. I got a medium, which is what I usually wear in any clothes I buy off of Amazon, but I should have gotten a small if I didn't want it to look like a bag.


I really love this little dress. I bought one size up as many suggested and it fits perfectly. This dress does fit close through the shoulders (not a problem for me, but I could see how it might be a problem for some). The fabric is not t-shirt like at all, but I like it better and think the spandex will make it a longer lasting garment.


