I'm usually a size 2 or 4 and this is just a tad loose but also very comfortable so I'd still recommend it. The pockets are great!


This dress is great! Size chart by seller is accurate. I was gonna wear it for a summer wedding but end up not going. Planning to wear it for a family photoshoot this week and super excited for it!


Really flattering dress, love the material and it was a great length for me (I'm 5'4), I wouldn't have to wear heels if I didn't want to.


I LOVE this dress. It's flowy without being baggy and I love the silhouette. The material isn't too clingy and the pockets are awesome. Highly recommend.


It's a bit too long, but other than that I like it. I have to wear high wedges with it. I tend to forget I've shrunk a couple of inches. I'll shorten it, so I can wear shorter sandals with it.


I wanted a comfy dress for the summer. It was cute, cool and the fabric is soft. Wore in one time and it has runs in the fabric. Looks like a dress I was really hard on.


Absolutely love this dress!!!  So much I am going to order another one!!  the fit was perfect and I have received so many compliments so far.  I ordered a size large and I am 5'4" and currently weigh 170.  I have an hourglass figure with a large chest so was torn between L and XL but, so glad I went with the L.  I do wear a think, stretchy tank top underneath for work because it does cut a little low but, outside of work, I would probably not wear that.  the fabric is comfortable, loose, stretch..perfect!


The dress keeps stretching and stretching


Much too small. I couldn't even get it over my head.


It is very pretty, so,M of course, I was very different


I bought the "Black" pattern in M.  I'm 5'8" and generally a size 8.  This fit well and is a really nice dress.  I have nothing up top, so I was afraid this would be gaping at the bust and I would need a cami or something.  Actually it fit well.  I bought this as a potential dress for my son's upcoming outdoor wedding.  I'm not sure if that's what I'll use it for, but it is a great dress.


