I like the dress and the fabric is good. I didn't like that there was not enough room for larger breast size, but that is what a cami is for. The length was just right for my 5'4" height. With heels or wedges the dress is just above the floor.Overall a good buy


Fit perfect. Sizing is accurate. Its very cute and I love it. The fabric is real nice and its thick and heavy enough that you cant see through it and you don't need a slip. I love the pockets, but they would be nice if a little deeper. My phone fits, but I worry about how securely. I think its a very flattering fit and I have been asked a lot where I got it. I am probably buying another color. Its great especially for the price.


I like the construction of this dress. It seems well made. The feel of the silky fabric is something I would want to wear every day. I was disappointed that the color I ordered is not what arrived. I chose a floral print on a white background. The dress that arrived had a green background. Thus my 4-star rating. The size I ordered was too small on the bust so I had to return it. But that's how I found out returning is super easy. Even the bag that the dress arrived in was resealable just for returns.


I ordered a size up (2XL, I am usually a size 16) as other reviewers suggested, so the fit is okay. I am a D cup and there is still a lot of room in the top, but it lays okay. I bought this dress because it has pockets, but they are tiny and can hardly fit my phone. The length is good for my 5'6" frame. I have 2 main issues with this dress (not including the pocket situation):


- the zipper! there is a zipper under the arm, which I did not realize on purchase. It rubs, I never buy dresses with under arm dresses.


- the material, while it is soft you can tell it is cheap, I should have known by the white backing in the picture


I would not buy this again.


Gorgeous dress for an even better price.  I got so many compliments on this dress.  I am short and curvy, and usually stay away from maxis.  But this dress has made me rethink my policy.  It's stretchy and a cool, slick material, which is perfect for summer.  I do wear a tank top underneath as it is quite low cut for someone with a lot of chest.  I might even buy this in the other patterns, I love it so much!


This dress is so adorable I'm willing to forgive its many sins. I'm 5'7" and it's a bit too short, it runs a bit small and there's not much stretch, if any, in the waistband so it's a pain to pull on over my 42H boobs, the zipper is cheap so not only does it stick but it also cuts into my arm as I walk, and it was sewn poorly so one pocket is too small to use. However it's hella cheap and got a bunch of compliments today so it's a keeper! It would definitely be better & more comfortable for a 20/22 (3X) than for me as a 24/26 (3X-4X).


I ordered this dress hoping it would work as a maternity dress and it did. It's gorgeous! I wore it all summer while I was 4-7 months pregnant. I'm a 34D, 175 lbs and 5'4 and ordered the Large and it was a good fit. I probably would've been able to get away with a Medium size if I wanted it tighter. Beautiful dress, pockets are a bonus and I always get complimented when I wear it. The only negative is that the material is a bit sticky and sticks to you when you get up. Also, the material in a bit thin on top, so you can't wear any patterned bras with it. Aside from that, the dress is great and I would definitely recommend!


I loved the second one I bought but not the first- because the first had 3 holes on the bottom and I had to return it.  One thing I didn't realize is: there is a built in zipper in the side seam at the waist.  Otherwise, breast feeding friendly. Flattering. Comfortable. Pockets. Side zipper.  Love it.


Downside?  I am 5 foot 2 inches (5'3" on a good day) and this thing goes to the top of my feet. IF you are tall then look somewhere else.  I even wanted it to be an inch or so longer for myself.


This dress was cute- but I had to return it.  The fabric was odd- sort of a swim suit type material.  I would have kept it regardless, but it was simply too big on top.  I ordered a Medium.  I am normally a Medium at 5'3, 145 lbs, and 34 DD.  I have very petite shoulders, and the top just hung down too low, with the waistband hitting mid hip, rather than around the natural waist.  It was unflattering with the gathers starting mid hip rather than higher up.  If you have a petite frame, or are short-waisted, this might not work for you.


Ordered up a size as i read in other reviews,which I'm 230lb and 5'2", so i ordered a 3xl. Obviously if you're short then it will be long,but i still love it! Its comfortable,stretchy,good chest coverage,and can't forget the pockets❤ #primedaywin


