I really like the feel of the dress.  It flows beautifully, and I really like the print which I chose. I am only 5' tall so the dress had to be altered which doubled the price of the purchase. however I am satisfied with the dress..


Adorable and boyfriend approved! Fit as expected and I followed the chart provided. Its stretchy jersey type fabric, perfect for a summer night out.


Love the look of this dress, but it definitely runs big and goes a lot lower than what I expected! I’m 5’1 and the length is great which is unusual!


I was initially put off by the shiny fabric but gave into wearing the dress because of the fit (and pockets!). I wore it to a backyard wedding and received a ton of compliments. It hit me right at the ankle (I'm 5'9") so I wore flats. I ordered the large based on other reviews. I'm currently 8 months postpartum and am wearing a 38-40 DD bra and there was more than enough room in the chest, perhaps in part because of the stretchy material.


Was nervous ordering this for a wedding in a couple days and now that I have.. gah I love it! Got so many compliments, it’s great fabric, and very flattering! Love the pockets. Felt so comfy all night and got so many compliments on it, planning on ordering another in a different color lol


I was very pleased with this dress.  It fits great. I usually wear a 2X, that's what I ordered, and it fit well. It is comfortable and cool. I love the colors - the flowers on the fabric have shades of red, rose and pink, which was perfect for me. I will look for more dresses from this manufacturer!


I ended up returning this one.  I wasn't crazy about the colors and print in person, but ultimately decided to return due to length.  I am 5'7", and this hit above my ankles.  I prefer maxi dresses and skirts to fall to my feet.


This dress is very comfortable and flattering to most figures.  My only complaint is that the print on the black looks a little cheap/cheesier than pictured.


It's a pretty dress and fits my daughter alright, but I originally bought it for me.  It's short.  I was looking for a long dress, and this came to mid-calf.  It is pretty, just depends on what you're looking for.


I get tons of compliments when I wear it. It does run a tad large, and is a little too long for my 5'4" height, but it was great for summer weddings. Best part is IT HAS POCKETS


