I love this dress! I got a small and I used it as a maternity dress at 36 weeks pregnant and about 160lbs and it was perfect! I got the white rose print and like other people said it is a little see through but I got a white dress slip and it was fine. I got a ton of compliments on it :)


Fabric felt of a good weight, and the dress was very pretty. The seams were poorly sewn, and there was a rip on the right side of the dress at the waist seam. It looked like the fabric has already been sewn, then let out. It was at one of those locations that the fabric ripped.


Wish that is was better quality, I actually liked it.


I have had this dress for a day now and already want to repurchase another. This dress is comfy and modest. I wore a camisole under mine since I wanted a higher neck line. I could easily put a stitch in to make it higher though. The pockets are deep enough, not too small. I got so many compliments from my mother-in-law and Pastor's wife. Best spring and summer dress paired with flip flops or could be dressed up with heels.


This is definitely a curvy girl dress.. I am 125lbs, 36c, 5' 2''.. I usually wear a medium since I hate clothes sticking to me..But this dress runs big..I ordered a small and it looks fabulous.. the colors are so vibrant on the dress..it's long but with1-2 inch heels it doesn't drag, bottom of the dress falls right on top of the foot.. The fabric is shiny but this is what makes the dress look better...


I am 5"10, 180 lbs and ordered the grey XL. I have larger hips and a smaller chest/waist, so I will need to exchange for a L. It is a pretty dress, though and good quality for the price. XL size just wasn't very flattering for my shape; I'm hoping the L will look better. Also it is a little short (I would prefer it to be about 2 or 3" longer). The XL fits about 4 inches above my heels.


I'm just under 5'4" and usually wear a size 4.  The size Small is a little loose around the waist and a little bit too long but the fabric and print are great. Quite low cut but it can be pinned for less exposure.  Otherwise, great dress for casual wear or just lounging at home.


Sorry others had issues. I am happy. Thick material and heavy.  Good price for what you are getting. Not a dress that will last a life time. So far holding up on delicate cycle in the wash.  These are my go to for days I wake up late and need to put something on for work. Not formal. But great for a day I have to go into the office.


II love this dress!  It is comfortable and easy to take care of.  I like the deep pockets on the side - which are not visible unless you have your hands in them.  I normally wear about a size 12, so I got an XL.  It is a bit big, so I will order L the next time. It works for both casual and nicer occasions. I personally love it on Sundays for church.  I am so in love with this dress and highly recommend it!


Great dress! I love the fabric and it even has pockets! I thought it was black but is actually a very dark brown. It is a tad longer than I would have liked, stopping a fraction above the floor. I'm 5'5. I don't wear heels so I may have to hem it an inch or so. The fit is perfect. I'm 145 pounds and wear a size 38 bra and a large fits perfectly everywhere. Shipping was quick too, only took a few days. Overall, very happy with this dress.


I'm 5'9", so based in other reviews, I was not expecting the dress to be a true maxi. It is just above my ankles, so tea length(ish); it lopls great with heels or wedges. It fits well, I usually wear an 8 and ordered the M. The material is silky and lays well, but is light enough for the summer. I bought this to wear to weddings this summer and it is perfect for that (and comfortable for dancing!)


