I like this dress! I bought two colors in the same size and one was definitely more flattering than the other.  It has thicker material so my undergarment lines don’t show and I don’t have to be concerned about it being see through.  And it is awesomely nursing friendly which is why I bought it.  I would buy it again, for sure.


Bought this dress to wear to graduation parties and an upcoming wedding. Fit is pretty spot on, I purchased the XXL and I am 5"8" and usually wear a xxl or 16. the length hits me right at the top of the feet. the pockets were a nice touch, big enough to hold my phone in one and keys in the other. would buy again. as a side note: this dress is a little "booby" i plan to add a couple stitches just at the bust to hold it together a little more. if your are busty, the girls will be on full display so keep that in mind.


Got tons of compliments on this dress! It was comfortable, fancy enough for a summer wedding AND it has pockets!


I'm nursing right now, and as such I'm pretty limited on what I can wear that has easy access to the boob. A lot of the girls who posted pictures of this dress looked fairly decent, so I got it. When I tried it on I felt like I was a mistake off of the show Cake Boss turned into a human being. However, I think it can be ameliorated. I plan on shortening the dress and adding a neutral cardigan, and maybe I won't look like a big hot pile of melted candy. Points for covering my body, and giving me access to the boobs. Two stars off for making me look like a big hot and colorful mess


Bought this a few months ago, had to come back to this page to find care instructions since they are not anywhere on the dress!  That's the only reason for loss of a star.  Otherwise a great dress, especially love the pockets.  I do nursery at church and this dress lets me crawl on the floor with the little ones.


Love this dress. The pockets are great. I'm "hippy" and these do not add to the hips like some pockets do. The material is flowy and the cut is flattering.


I would have given it 5 stars if the cinching part hadn't been so tight. Top fit well (I'm a 36b) as did the bottom but with the cinched area it made the hip area really flare out.


It's hard for me to find a nice long dress that isn't too long. The long dresses I've bought in the past have always went past my feet and I have to wear heels which I don't like to wear much. This dress was just right for my height. I'm 5'1", ordered a large and with a 1" heel on, the dress barely touched the ground which was what I wanted. I am very satisfied with my purchase.


Gorgeous! I will definitely be ordering another color. I'm 5'8" and it hits just above my feet. I prefer maxi dresses to be a little longer but it's not as short as some I've tried on. The white is also somewhat see-through but only if you wear dark/patterned undergarments.


And it has pockets!


This dress is much prettier in person, received multiple compliments. Was afraid it would be too small but it actually runs large. Had to wear a Cami underneath or it would not have worked at all. Very comfortable, even wearing during the hot Texas summers.


