Gorgeous dress! I can't find these styles in the store.  I ordered an XXL though based on the bust in size chart  though still wearable.  I Ordered this in a XL and it fit perfectly. I usually wear an  XL or XXL depending on the maker (size 42C chest) and a size 12 pant. This dress makes me wish summer was year-round!


Love this dress!! I'm 5'10 3X US size and this goes to my ankles. I got the dark blue with pink flowers and I get compliments left and right. The material is super light and not too hot, the pockets dont have much room, but hey...pockets...


Matronly. This is a pretty nice dress but didn't work for my body - just made me look frumpy. I'm 5'5'' and a 10/12 in pants. I think this would look great on bustier people but just didn't do it for me. The pleating around the waist also gave too much volume right above my hips which wasn't flattering. Definitely worth a try if you've got the body type to pull this off.


I have been watching this dress for a while.  I finally bought it and it is very nice.  It is a little low cut for me, but I can wear a camisole under it.  I don't like that there aren't any care instructions, but I optioned to be on the side of caution and washed it in a gentle cycle in cold water


This dress is pretty, doesn't wrinkle easily, and is super comfy. I wore this to an outdoor event and got a ton of compliments. I usually wear a size 10. I ordered a large based on their measurement recommendations but the elastic waist wasn't tight enough, so I exchanged for a medium and it fit perfectly.


Beautiful dress,nice flowy fabric that drapes well. I am 5' 9" and it hits at my ankles which i think is a flattering length. Its a silky polyester with a bit of spandex it in for some stretch. I wore it for several hours yesterday and just noticed there is a side zipper. The neckline is a bit low, will have to pin it or wear something underneath. I am considering ordering it in another color


I ordered a small and it is too large. Unfortunately there is no xs offered. However it is such a beautiful dress and silky, lightweight fabric that I chose to keep it and alter it myself so it fit. I'm very pleased and if it came in my size itd absolutely b 5 stars. Prob going to order more and just know ill have to tailor it. Well worth it to me


Bought this (skeptically) on Prime Day and was pleasantly surprised. The fabric is a very nice weight and hangs well. The V-neck is lower than usual for me but fits well and doesn't gape, so I can handle it. I'm 5'9", usually take a size 16 and ordered an XL - it fits perfectly. The length hits my ankles, which is fine as I didn't expect it to be maxi on me. I may shorten it a bit which would be very easy on the sewing machine. (PS not sure why the size showing beside Verified Purchase shows small, as I ordered XL)


If you like to show boobs, buy this! I have to wear sticky tape so you don't see too much! Very cozy and it has pockets!


Size was perfect. Hid my rolls and arms fit great


I get loads of compliments on this dress. However - it is LONG. I'm 5'3 and it fit great while pregnant (which is why I bought it since the skirt is very full) but now it's a bit too long. Machine wash and dry, great accessibility for nursing...it's an easy way to look put together with absolutely NO effort.  It's a mom's dream!


