I love this dress!  I originally ordered a small, but had to exchange for a medium, so maybe order a size up.  The ,arterial is silky and non-wrinkling.  I get compliments on it every time I wear it to church!  The only downside is that after about 5 wears, the material is looking a bit cheap.  Almost like the elasticity is being compromised.  But for the price, if I can wear it a few more times, I'll feel I've gotten my money's worth.


The pattern and cut is very flattering. I get many compliments. The only negative is one of the pocket openings is sewn smaller than the other. It's noticeable and sort-of annoying but not enough to send it back or exchange.


I love the material of this dress, but it just does not work. It is comically short! I am pretty average height (5'6) I bought a small, and it barely grazes my ankles. Way too short for a maxi. The pockets are also sewn in awkwardly and can cause some extra girth in the hip region. It's going back!


this is so pretty! Could really dress it up for something semi formal like a wedding or dress it down and wear to the beach! I love it!


I first have to thank the company for their excellent customer service. My first review said I like the dress but it was too small and returning is too frustrating so I would just keep it. The company immediately contacted me to do whatever it took to make it right. And they did. I was able to order a size larger and it fits perfect. I am wearing this to my daughters wedding and couldn't be happier.


I LOVE this dress! I'm about 5'7" and 175 ordered XL in the black floral print. it's a little larger than I'd like but I'm keeping it and ordering another print in a large. Very nice fabric, love the conceled pockets and it's so beautiful and flowy.


I love this dress. Fit just as expected using the sizing chart and also going by what my usual pant/bra size is. I got a lot of compliments when I wore it the first time.


It has pockets that blend right in. I got the apricot color and it was true to the picture. Maybe a little bit lighter if I'm nit-picking. This dress even has zipper under the armpits (maybe for a cooling effect?). The material is silky-looking so it can be dressy depending on the occasion.


Anyways, I almost bought a 2nd one immediately but was able to restrain myself. Still might though.


Wife's review: I'm 6'0 and currently a size 18 at Lane Bryant. I ordered a 2xl and it fit fine. It is super comfortable and I got SO many compliments (took me by surprise). I love the pockets and that it falls to my ankles.


I absolutely love this dress. I'm a teacher in the southern part of China where it gets extremely hot and the dress codes for teachers are quite strict. This is my favorite thing to wear when I'm teaching. The fabric is cool and very comfortable and the fit is amazing. I'm 5'5" and 135 lbs with a pear figure and a size small was perfect for me. The length hits right above my ankles which is shorter than most full length dresses I own but I don't mind because then I don't have to worry about it dragging on anything. I honestly wish I had purchased more than one.


I bought this dress in a small for my bridal shower. It fit perfectly. It is a nice stretchy material that hugs your girls and flows away from the body. There is also a stretchy material right under the bust that also hides the tummy. And the fact that this has pockets is just awesome. I highly recommend this dress!


