Super cute dress! So glad I bought it! After reading reviews, I decided to get it. I usually wear size 8 or 10 dresses, I am pear shaped with big booty and hips, small bust. Also, my arms are a little big so I wanted to make sure the sleeves fit. This cut was perfect and it is flattering. It has a stretchy quality to it. The material is nice, soft, stretchy, and good quality! Does not look cheap. It does have some pockets on the sides, and a zipper on the side that may not need to be used. I am 5'6", and this came down to my ankles.. definitely not dragging it. The only negative is, that this material does tend to smell easily as the material is somewhat thick and will not ventilate.. if you are sweating a lot.. your armpits will really smell.


didn't fit me well


This was much too short on me. I'm 5'9". I was very disappointed.


Returned


I am 5'3", I bought a large and it fits well. I would buy a size based on your chest measurement. I got a lot of compliments and it washed well


My husband loved me in this dress. It's comfortable, flattering and not transparent so no slip required.  I would definitely buy it again.


The fabric is cheap and you can see through it. I would not recommend buying this dress. I returned it because it is looks so cheap.


I always order a large. This fits much  bigger than expected. I'm disappointed. A complete waste of money.


Love the dress


The dress is beautiful. It appears to be well made and it fit me well. Ordered a S for my 5'2, 127 lbs, size 4. I really really wanted to like this dress, except the back waist area (where my love handles would be), was a little see-through. I carry my weight around my middle and the fabric in the back part was almost discolored even though I wore a dark body shaper. It wasn't immediately obvious, but in the light you could definitely see a difference. I have the dress on in the second picture and took the photo looking back at my waist. You can see the fabric is a different color.


