The dress sent to me was not the same as the dress pictured or described. I ordered this dress because it was advertised as being well suited for nursing with a low v-neck. The dress sent to me had a very high neckline, and no stretch or anything that would lend itself to nursing. I will be returning it. I would've considered keeping it if it was at all flattering, but the high neckline and thin, tight fabric across the bust made it very unflattering.


The dress is designed for bustier women. Keep this in mind! It was a great fit everywhere but the cross over neck line just hung open. (I’m a 36-A but I’m


nursing right now and it’s still too big!)


I get a lot of compliments when I where this dress, length is perfect, I am 5'4 and most maxi dresses are too long, I have double 'D's but the coverage is perfect and still attractive/appropriate...  my only hang up is the side zipper... it cuts into the pocket on that side, so you can't get your hand in and out easily and the zipper pull shows when/if you lift your arm.. dress doesn't really need a zipper because fabric is so stretchy, but beside it affecting the pocket, it isn't a huge deal breaker


Well made.  I love the length.  The material is just a little heavier than I wanted, but the print is well done.  It has a nice zipper and pockets.  I will be wearing this dress for casual evening get togethers.


I really liked this dress and wish I could have kept it, but there were a few reasons I elected to return. First, it was too short for me. That's largely to personal preference, as I like my maxi dresses to hit the ground, but this came above the ankle on me -- and I'm not very tall (5'5). Secondly, the low cut wrap style top left little to the imagination. I have a large chest too, so that's even less coverage. A good portion of my bra was showing. It could easily be covered with a tank top, but that kind of takes away from the look. Sad it didn't work because it's really pretty!


So comfortable and stretchy. Very flattering and great price. I am 5'10" and it's long enough to not look weird and it shows off the shoes I wear with it


Fits true to size. Perfect length!! The fabric is slinky, not quite the quality I was expecting. It will wash and wear for years though. But, When the fabric is stretched it turns white, so I wouldn't want to have it more fitted.


This dress is beautiful, very flattering, and so comfortable. Everyone complimented my dress like crazy when I wore it to church. Minus 1 start due to length. Im 5'9" and it is about 2 inches too short. I made due but will be adding some black lace to the bottom. (p.s. works awesome for nursing my new baby!)


I LOVE this dress! Ordered the black floral. It's has some purplish tint to some of the flowers. So comfy and cute. Received tons of compliments on it! Can't wait to wear it again. Wish there were more patters as I wouldn't mind having this dress is a few different versions.


very pretty. its not a material i expected, its a little shiny and looks/feels a little like spandex. its super flattering though. really love the bold pattern


