I am 5'4", 150 lbs. and 34D.  I originally bought this in a medium but ended up exchanging it for a small.  Both fit, but the small is a little more snug around the waist and a better fit from shoulders to elastic (just under bust).  The elastic waist is a little longer than I expected (about 4 inches).  The  material is thicker and heavier than I expected, which is nice.  Usually polyester/spandex show all my bumps and lumps, but no need to wear spanks under this dress.


This dress is really beautiful, but I wish I didn't try to size up as some folks suggested (I got an XL). I'm 5'2 and usually wear a L or 12/14, a busty gal for sure. I was worried about the low cut of this, but it's not bad. I'd want to wear something under it for most occasions, but I think it would've been higher had I not sized up. I'm also very short, so I have to wear quite high heels with this as with regular shoes I'm constantly stepping on the hem. The material is light and breathable and I've gotten a ton of complements, but because of the stretch and also the size when I put something heavy in the pockets (like my phone) it pulls down the waist, makes it longer, and shows more cleavage. Also, the first time I put it on I just slipped it over my head and later found out there is a zipper closure on the side! I've never needed to unzip it to put it on, so it sort of feels in the way. If I get another dress from this company I'll stick with my normal size.


This is the 1st time buying clothing for myself on  Amazon. I bought 3 dresses, only recieved 1 so far.  I read many reviews but I was on a time clock since I bought on sale.  I read several ladies explain it was good & long adding that to the size chart, I ordered S. I wear size 4 in pants S/M tops.  I'm 5'7.5" tall, waist S but I am top heavy at 34DDD.  However I currently cannot ware bras until after both shoulders have surgery. I figured S would be fine.  I didn't need (nor recall) anything about the zipper. But found that super onthe side while taking photos.  I decided taking it off I checked the zipper out.  It zipped down fine & easy but stuck on something several times zipping back up. It wasn't too tight but after playing with zipper on hanger it  definitely has an issue. Which is why I had to give this lovely dress 4stars instead of 5. In my photos I tried to show that with my height its approx 2" from my feet. Kinda disappointed but i'm used to not finding the length I want in a Sm. This materialis luscious. The POCKETS are wonderful & are my favorite part. I also love the shoulder sleeve.  Covers scars from surgeries I've already had. (The long dress also covers but 9" scars on my knees as well!)  I feel more comfortable with some kind of shoulder cover. Overall..I will buy again! I am watching carefully to see if this goes back on a lightening sale. HOPE SO.


If I would have moved faster I would have bought a few more. But even at full price this is a fast favorite so far headed into summer 2018!


My original review is below. I had to come back and take a star off. I found a hole in the dress where a section was missed in the sewing. I will fix it myself and isn’t a big deal but for the price of the dress there shouldn’t be holes is all. Still so love this dress so I will make it work.


Love this dress. Some of the other reviews made me worry but in my opinion this dress is great. It’s that silky, stretchy, spandex fabric which I personally love because it doesn’t wrinkle and is soft on my skin. I just had a baby and got this dress for easy nursing access and it works perfect. Reveals barely too much cleavage for my taste so I will wear a low undershirt with it but will still have easier access for nursing than a lot of other dresses. I think it is extremely flattering considering I’m frumpy and still losing pregnancy weight, it will look even better when I go down in size and won’t be too huge on me then either. All around it is perfect for what I wanted and was looking for. I ordered the sunflower pattern and I’m totally in love with it. I may need to order a few more.


Love this dress. I'm 5 months pregnant and it's perfect to show off baby bump and also sits in a place where I can still wear it postpartum. I think I could also nurse in this by clipping the small string in the bust area.


The only thing I will say is I was surprised how short it is. I'm only 5'5" and I'm not showing that much pregnancy-wise and it's definitely at my ankles. It probably sits exactly where or slightly highly than I would want a maxi to be lengthwise. If you're a tall woman, this may not work for you - I have a long torso and short legs so this is never a problem for me, hence my surprise.


However, the fit is pretty perfect. I'm a solid 10/12, L/XL and got the XL ago accommodate the baby bump. I can easily slip it over my head without unzipping (there's a zipper under the arm). It's the right size but is still comfortable without being too big.


This dress could be amazing. The fit is PERFECT (XL on my 5'4" 195lb busty frame). The fabric drapes nicely, the wrap actually covers up my cleavage which wraps never do, and the zipper didn't notice at first is a nice feature. The colors are gorgeous and if it weren't for what I'm about to say next this would be 5 stars.


The fabric along the waist band has ripped three times in the two times I've worn it. It's not the seam coming undone. It's the fabric directly next to the seam that just rips like tissue paper. I can hand sew it back together but I'll have to reinforce the entire waist seam so I'm not walking around with my flesh showing around the middle.


This I can call a great bargain. The fit was good and I am a large woman. It is very flattering cool and comfortable.  I bought this to wear to a beach wedding and I can’t wait.  I don’t usually have the best of luck buying clothes online but this was a total win. I am 5 foot four and the dress comes close to hitting the floor so I may have to hem half inch out of it.


This is SO pretty. The print (floral-5) is gorgeous. The background is light  aqua and the rose/floral print is stunning.It is not "Grandma" in any way. I put it on and I felt so pretty and I was in no makeup and housecleaning hair!  The length is fine and I'm average (5'5"). It definitely has weight and those that demand natural fibers will not like the poly fabric. However, I love the way the poly drapes and how vibrant the prints are. Also, I ordered a XXL, as I always tend to size up in Asian fashion, but I think I could get away with my normal XL in this. However, I love it so much, i'm not going to risk giving this up and the XL not working!  As with a somewhat similar version of this dress in a different color and length, my husband made several nice comments and doesn't usually comment, as he says, "you always look nice." That's a plus in my book!


So, this is the least expensive dress I've purchased in years. It was an impulse-buy based on the great reviews, and I'm so glad I made it! Great flow, no wrinkles ever, and... THE COMPLIMENTS!! Every time I wear this, I field compliments all day long about how pretty it is, how nice it looks on me, etc.  I have dresses that cost literally 20 times what this dress did that I've never heard a peep about (so joke's on me, I guess!).


It's a bit short--I'm 5'4" and it hits my ankles.  Consider it more of a petite length. I'm small on top, curvy on the bottom, and this dress is extremely flattering. Covers all bumps, but the skirt isn't so full that it puffs out or adds bulk.


I ordered the blue with pink roses and am back here to get a second color. A $30 dress that comes out of a suitcase wrinkle-free and gets compliments all day? Yes, I'll have another!


Love this dress!!! I get so many compliments when I wear it. And it has pockets!!! Wore it to a wedding in 100 degree weather and I did not get Heated!! It was perfect for my big girl figure. The dress is super stretchy in all places except for the band that goes across under the bust. So just make sure you check the measurements because it stretches out and starts to turn white from the material stretching out.


