I love the dress, probably more than I anticipated.  It has pockets, but unfortunately they are different sizes.  This isn’t noticeable to anyone other than myself when I go to put my hands in the pockets.  One is perfect, the other is too small to get my hand in.  It’s not a big enough issue for me to return.


Super soft stretchy fabric, I thought I was going to have to send it back, but I'm thinking of getting a different one. I LOVE that I did not have to go the store.


It feels fantastic. I wear a 22 or 2x, but ordered two 3xs to be safe. They sent me one 3x and one 2x. I tried them both on and they both fit, but I prefer a less snug fit, so I kept the 3x and sent back the 2x. The 2x was also a smidge short (I'm 5"7) and the 3x was just right. The material is amazing! and the pattern is beautiful!


This dress looks amazing on. Fits great and love the pockets. Very lightweight and comfortable.


This dress is beautiful. I'm 5'2 129 lb and it for perfectly. The material feels so good and smooth on your skin ❤


This dress fits nicely. Just enough stretch and pattern to hide what you want to hide! I will say to watch out though, if it's at all tight, the material does become a bit sheer (I have a large freckle on my back and my husband was able to see it through the top bcak part of the dress). The bottom half is nice and flowy though so you don't have to worry about that.


Omg, this dress is everything! I ordered the size based on the measurments and it fit like a glove. Super lightweight. Fully intend to order a few more of these since I could easily live in this dress this summer.


I always get compliments when I wear this dress. The cut is very flattering and the fabric drapes well.


I also like the pockets although it would be nice if they were an inch deeper.


The fabric is some kind of synthetic material and gets very hot. It also catches on dry skin. A cotton jersey material would be preferable.


It was a pretty dress, but didn't fit my body right. I am 5'6" and it made my already short torso look shorter.


I get SO many compliments every time I wear this! I'm an hourglass shape, with wide hips, and it fits me very nicely. I can wear it with a tank underneath or show a little more cleavage if I want.


