I'm a curvy girl and was worried about the fit and how flattering it would be. It's perfect! I have had so many complements. And it's so comfy!


I absolutely love this dress. It fits me perfectly and is super comfortable. Although my sister ordered the same one and it did not fit her. I am wondering if not all dresses are made the same.  Either way I got lucky and I love it.


Absolutely in love with this dress! So impressed by the comfort, fit, and elegance. I wore this to a gala late party and was so comfortable, but felt completely confident. The length was perfect and it was flattering at every angle. Would highly recommend!


Well made dress but unflattering cut for me. I'm more hour glass and the cut in this dress reall accentuated that... in a bad way. Made me look bigger than I am.


I get so many compliments when I wear this dress!  It is slightly shorter than many other maxi dresses.  I am 5'7" and this dress falls about 1-2 inches above the ground.  So, this would be a perfect maxi dress for flats or petite women.  The V-neck is pretty deep, so you may want to wear something under the dress for modesty if needed.  The pockets on this dress are so useful, as well!


I ordered this dress for a casual rehearsal dinner and it is perfect! It is so comfy and flowy, very flattering for my curvy figure. I got a lot of compliments on it! It has pockets too, so that is an added bonus. I am 5'5 and usually wear a 12-14 in pants. I got a large and it fits great! I might even buy another in a different pattern. LOVE!


I love this dress, but at 5'2" this dress is too long, so I cut it off at least three inches. I will eventually turn under the hem and stitch it.


My wife absolutely loves this s dress. The fabric is a good, thick quality and the first t is great. She said it has pockets which is a major plus for her. She will definitely be ordering this in the other colors.


Very pretty and ladylike.


Amazing fit! I am 5'2 and wear a 2XL in most plus size retailers, I ordered the 2XL and it fits perfect. Does not drag the floor, fitted top and flowy bottom (even over my round hips). The pockets are the icing on the cake! Love it!


