This dress!! Got so many compliments and my friends couldn't believe I bought it off Amazon. I usually wear a 16/18 and I'm big chested, ordered a 2xl and it fit amazing! Wore it to a Kentucky derby themed party and killed it! And the fact that it has pockets makes it all even more perfect. Get it!


I love this dress, it's flowy, light enough for summer, defines the waist, lovely selection of patterns. My only issue is bigger pockets.. but the fact it has pockets is great!!! The dress is perfect for shorter girls looking for a maxi that doesn't drag!


This is so pretty!  The cut is really good and flattering for most body shapes.  It works for my size 18 apple shape.  I love that it has small sleeves and pockets.  I never see that with maxi dresses.  The fabric is a poly/span so it has some stretch.  I ordered a size 3X.  I could have gotten a 2X but that's ok.  I'm fine with how the dress looks.  The price is right so pick one up!


For reference I am 5'10" and 230lbs, size 18 in most US clothing stores.  The length is ok for me.  It skims the tops of my feet.


Love this dress! I'm going to wear it at a wedding in July. It's a little lose; I am wearing a medium in this photo and I stand 5"4 and weigh 155lbs. Plus, POCKETS!!!!


I absolutely love this dress. I bought two (apricot) and (floral). The apricot is beige with lavender flowers not apricot at all. The dresses in XXL accommodate my size 14/16 (220lb) frame and my 36L chest. It's very rare to find a dress accommodating to my features. With wedges this dress hits perfectly and I am 5'6.


I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of this dress!! The fabric is very flowy and a nice weight and you can't see through it.  I'm 5'11" and it came to just above my ankles. I was expecting that it would be too short but it worked out great!! I'm getting another in a different print.I ordered the black with the floral print that has coral, red and blue. Very pretty colors.


Plus size, short gal with very curvy figure loves this dress. Fit even better than expected. Looks beautiful. Very soft. Received two separate compliments from complete strangers. Haven't felt this pretty in a long time. Zipper under left arm to help is busty ladies.


I am a woman of a certain age who is not a size 10, who likes fun florals for the Summer. I bought two of these dresses, hoping they would fit but resigned to the reality that I might have to return because they didn't fit. I am absolutely delighted that both fit and are beyond comfortable, plus the prints are just fun. They fit well in the midriff area, I am 5'8", the length is perfect with my Summer wedge style sandals. I know about fabrics and the fabrication of these dresses appears that they will wash up well in cold water.  I would/could wear these dresses out to the movies and dinner with a cute shrug plus just around the house. I like the two I bought so well, I immediately purchased a third dress for the Summer! Don't hesitate to purchase this dress, you'll be happy with it.


June 8 follow-up to my first review; I just washed this dress in cold water on the delicate cycle, then tumble dried it on low in my dryer. I immediately tried it on again to see if there was  change in the fit, length - no problems, it still fit the same and felt great on! The fabric washed beautifully and came out of the dryer wrinkle-free. My only complaint is that this dress does not come in many more prints in my size. This is an amazing dress!


Very pretty dress. I purchased the white dress with gray and black floral pattern in size Medium.  The dress fit perfect. My only complaint is the length. I'm 5'4", normally wear a size 8/10 and even with wearing a 4 inch heel with a platform, the length is still a little bit too long.  I think I'll take it to alterations and have them hem it a little. Other than that, it's a very nice dress and I got lots of compliments.


I absolutely love this dress. I actually love it way more than I thought I would! I ordered both a small and medium & ended up going with the medium. At first it felt a little too big, but compared to the small it actually fit perfect. This dress is definitely suited to someone with a larger chest -- if you have a smaller chest you could probably size down and be totally fine. I about 5'3" and the length on the medium was perfect, it just grazed the ground. The material is not what I expected, but not in a bad way. It's more of a scuba (almost bathing suit) material instead of a cotton. The dress is still very lightweight though. I used it most recently for a photoshoot & plan to wear it again to a wedding later this year! Definitely worth the price!


