I hesitated before buying this dress, as it looked slightly like a "housedress".  But it got such good reviews I couldn't resist.  I'm 74 years old, 5'7" and 148 lbs.  I bought a medium, and it fits just fine and the V-wrap neckline doesn't gap.  The pink flowers over blue background are pretty.  But.......it looks like a housedress.  I'm keeping it to wear as a casual, around-the-house dress in summer, but probably won't wear it out.  I supposed I could dress it up with jewelry and shoes, maybe a belt, but am not enthusiastic.


The material can be off putting for some, comes off shiney and spandex like but still comfy and loose if that make sense. Weird at first but once you get used to it you like it. Pretty floral print that is flattering for most figures and skin tones. I'm typically a large, which I ordered but I could've ordered a medium for it to be more form fitting since it stretches. Doesn't show too much of my chest either which I like. Love that is has pockets. Also, it does not hit the floor whatsoever for me and I'm only 5'7". My sandals completely show. That doesn't bother me personally, but to some I know it is a deal breaker.


I read the reviews on this dress and decided to try it out for myself. I received it this past Saturday and I am in LOVE! The quality is way better then expected and the fit is perfect!! After I tried it on I went ahead and ordered the dress in a different color. The pocket in the dress is a huge bonus, in case I need a place to hide some snacks haha I would totally recommend this dress to anyone! It is perfect for spring/summer. I got so many comments on how cute it was which is always nice :) If I could do more then 5 stars I would!


The dress is beautiful, but in my opinion, not very comfortable. While the dress itself has some stretch to it, the waistband has no elastic or stretch at all which makes moving around in it uncomfortable. I also found the waistband area to feel scratchy on the inside. I live in a hot, humid climate and really wanted something that would be light and comfortable for summer. The waistband on this dress negates that for me. Also, the fabric is very prone to static. I'll be sending it back.


The dress was too big despite reviewing the size chart. It's a pretty dress, but does not fit as expected at all. The chest is much lower than I thought and it's very heavy material, and is slightly see through. Pros: it is comfortable as it's very flowy, and wearing a cami underneath and a Jean jacket, I get lots of compliments. Make sure that you look it over when you receive though, the first time I wore it someone else pointed out black smudges on the dress that look to be grease. They thought I changed my oil before going to work lol.


Beautiful. I'll update with a pic later. Love the pockets, it has a nice zipper rather than being super elastic, the color is bold while the print is as expected for the price. While it is a heavier material, it still feels cool. Would work better for a b-d cup, is saggy on my A's (but not distractibly saggy). Overall, very happy with the fit. It covers your chub in the best way possible.


I love this dress! It fits true to size and is very comfortable. I am also pleasantly surprised at the quality. I was concerned that the fabric might be too thin considering the price, but the weight of the material is very nice, not too heavy for summer, but not see though either. The pockets are maybe a little high, but still useable. My only concern would be for tall people, as I am 5 foot 4 and the dress barely skims the ground. I think if you were much taller, or had very long legs it might be more ankle length, than maxi, but still very cute. I definitely recommend this dress!


Fit great and I got a lot of compliments on it! It's a little bit short, but not too short to wear. I'm 5'7 and it didn't go to the floor, so if if that's the look you like, take that into consideration. It fit as expected and was super cute!


E xtremely happy with this purchase.  The dress is beautiful and fits well.  It's hard for me to find dresses to fit my body.  Large bust, small waist..though I don't consider my bust large anymore the fashion world does. I wear a 42C (45-46 inches around) so bought the XXL. Tiny bit of gap where the V- neck crosses but easily fixed with fashion or double - stick tape. Can't wait to wear it!


This dress is very comfortable, long and flowy and had pockets, a personal must for me. I like the print, nice and graphic stands out, good for summer. I ordered a large and it drowned me, I usually wear a large do to my large bust, but this dress was overall too big. I sent it back though with no problems and ordered a medium and it came quickly, making it a smooth transition. I am 5’6” 150 lbs with DD bra size, the medium fits nicely with slipping it over my head, I don’t even use the zipper.


