This is a really cute summer dress! I am 5'6" 120 lbs and the small fit perfectly. It just barely grazes the floor which is a perfect length for flip flops. The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that the white parts of the dress are a little sheer.


The floral print is beautiful, but the body color is weird and doesn’t really match the flowers. The color is a light camel/tan color. I’m not too impressed. Also, this dress doesn’t fit my chest well. I’m a bit heavy cheated, but feel very exposed in this dress. Also, I definitely have to wear a slip under this dress as it is see through. Quite disappointed.


Beautiful dress!  Love the pockets!  Ordered a XL and I wear a 16/18 and it fits great!


I love this dress, it's beautiful and comfortable. Not too long and not too short. I'm 5'3 so I'm hesitant on buying long maxi dresses because most of the time they are too long, not this one though. Oh, and I wore it with flats!


Even after looking at the size chart and reading other reviews to ensure I was getting one with a proper fit, this dress was huge! Definitely size down on this one before buying. If it fit properly it would be a perfect summer Maxi.


I returned it. It fit well and was a decent quality and style of dress but there was just something about the large floral print that  didnt work for me. I felt like I was wearing a circus tent.


This is a beautiful dress! Nice quality, perfect fit. The material has a nice feel and the flow is very pretty. It's long on me (I'm 5'6") comes onto the floor in flat sandals but also a nice length in heels. Can be worn for casual occasions, or dressed up. I wore it to a dinner party with sparkly sandals and it had the perfect combination of ease and class.  Runs true to size.


What a gorgeous dress! I'm 5"6 and wear size 14 in dresses 40C bra size and I bought the XL. The dress came down to my ankle and fit perfectly everywhere. The neck is a low v so I wore a camisol underneath. The fabric is breathable and not see through and the pockets are very handy. I wore it to a wedding and received so many compliments.


Love this dress! It's so comfortable and who can pass up a dress with pockets?! I am pretty short, so I did have to have it hemmed, but it was worth it for the price.  I wore this for my anniversary a few weeks ago and I got a lot of positive feedback.


I purchased this dress a size larger, according to other reviews. When I put it on it was too big in the bodice and waist, so much so that I just couldn't wear it. I am a bottom heavy woman, so I imagine if I'd been more busty it would have fit fine. As it is I'd need my normal XL to make it fit. All that being said, it is a very pretty dress with a flattering cut and pretty pattern. If you are a pear, I'd recommend getting your normal size as the garment is voluminous enough in the skirt to accommodate an ample bottom/hips/thighs.


