Love the print. It fits perfectly. I'm 5'7" and 150 lbs. It just hits my ankles. I would prefer it a little longer but that's because I'm on the tall side.


I know this isn't a maternity dress but I bought it on the chance it would work for my 32 week pregnant belly. Im very pleased with the overall fit and I still have room to grow. For reference I ordered a size XL, but could likely have fit into a Size L as well because the material is very stretchy/flowy. For reference: I'm 5'4 and just under 200lbs in the photo. My normal pre-pregnancy size is between an 8-10. My current bra size is a 38 DD/E. I do wear it with 2" wedges so it doesn't drag, but I love the length because it hides my swollen prego ankles. The material is very lightweight (there is a lot of it) very soft and comfortable, perfect fo spring & summer months. Will likely buy in a small or medium in other prints to wear postpregnancy because it will make nursing a newborn easy with the flexible wrap style top. Overall very pleased with this dress & would recommend.


Love this dress!! So flattering. I never leave reviews, but everyone should know how awesome this dress is.  I'm 5'6", 170lbs, and am an F cup and the large fit perfectly! Just the perfect length as well. I can wear sandals with this dress no problem.


This dress was a little too big and the waist was lower than shown in the pictures. Just fit awkward. Had to return.


The dress was ok. I needed it for a Hawaiian themed party and liked the photo of the black and white dress (elegant but still with the event theme).  The flowers on the dress are purple hued so it is not a true black and white dress. I wore it anyway and it was fine - just not what the photo showed.


The dress is nicely made and very pretty, but it was too big for me. I am 5'4" and 110 lb it was too long even with heels. Which might have been ok to hem it up, except that the waistband fell low on my waist and I looked frumpy. When I took the waistband up about 4 inches, it lay beautifully. But, this would be a difficult alteration, and probably one worth more than the price of the dress. I think this is a great dress for taller women, but if you are short waisted, or short legged (I'm not sure which is my bigger problem), this dress is probably not going to look naturally good.


The dress was very pretty upon arrival and the fabric is awesome, however the dress was not true to size.


Too big and too short! Cute dress tho. I am 5'9 165lbs ordered a medium!


I was in denial when I read reviews from taller customers saying this dress wasn't made for tall women. I'm 5'7" and this dress is not made for me. If the top portion, the body, were longer, the skirt would have been plenty long. But the top is short, empire waist-like. The waist sits over the top of my rib cage and the pockets sit just below my waist - instead of the lower hip/upper thigh area pockets usually locate. All that said, its a fine dress. I bought a medium and normally wear a size 8 dress and it fits, zips up, and is fairly comfortable. I'll keep it but I think I'll tailor it so the pockets are in a more comfortable position. There's no seem allowance, so there's nothing I can do about it being about 2 - 3 inches too short.


I love this dress!  I wore it to an outdoor spring wedding and received many compliments.  It is flowy, flattering, and easy to wear.  I thought it would show a bit of cleavage but surprisingly it didn't! I am 145lbs, 5-6.5, and ordered a small.  It fit perfectly except for being about an inch too short.


