this is very nice on the dressy side. only problem for me it is a bit short. I am 5 6, but it doesn't matter , dresses don't have the hit the floor


Great Dress! I bought larger than suggested and am glad that I did.The material is silky and soft.  It is nice enough to run out to the store without changing.


Love, love, love this dress! It's so fun and flirty and I received tons of compliments!


After reading the reviews of others, I decided to order an XL. I'm 5'1" and 175 pounds (post baby). It fits perfectly and the length was perfect with or without heels! No alterations needed!


This dress is beautiful. I ordered the XL. I honestly could have ordered the L. They run a little big, but that's ok. I also love that it has pockets, and this is a great dress if you are busty!!


My dress came in within two days with Prime. The material is a jersey material so it's perfect and lightweight for the summer and warm enough for winter/fall. It will be perfect for this nursing mom.


very nice dress but I needed to find a tee to wear under it because it is too low in the neck for me.


I'm 5'4" and about 130lbs. A small fits perfectly besides chest region. Not a problem with the dress but I'm a small 34B and it fits a tiny bit big in that area. The length is perfect! I would suggest wearing nude panties and bra with it though. I will be buying more colors!


This dress is so comfortable. I bought a small & I'm 5'5" & 150lbs...it's a little looser than I thought it would be. But, the flow is so nice when you walk and it is floor length which I love! And it has pockets!!!


I LOVE THIS DRESS! Every time I wear this dress I receive so many compliments and when I tell people I ordered it on Amazon they don't believe me. PLEASE purchase a tape measure and measure yourself. The measurements listed are true to size. I only hate that I have lost weight and now it is a bit loose on me  :(. I can't wait to purchase another. You will not regret purchasing one either!


I wore this dress to a lake wedding 2 month post partum and it fit absolutely amazing! I listened to the reviews regarding sizing a decided to go with a medium as opposed to a large. The dress is very comfortable and light. The pockets are an added bonus!


