Ordered this dress to wear for photos during a vacation in Mexico, and it couldn't have been more perfect!!!  The material is so soft and comfortable, and the size I ordered was just right (went by the reviews/size chart - they were super helpful!).  It was shoved in my suitcase for a whole weekend and didn't wrinkle at all!  The front was a little low-cut for me, but I just wore a cami underneath and was good to go!  I felt beautiful in it and got so many compliments.  It's casual enough for a party or dinner out, but nice enough to dress up for a wedding.  I can't wait to wear it again!!


Very comfortable dress. Just right for the hot humid Missouri summers. Will probably be getting one or two more. I purchased a 2xl and it is the size I normally wear. I am 5'9" and it was long enough for me.


The fabric and print look super cheap. The overall fit was weird and the waist on it hit me in a really weird place. The length was also waaayyy too short. I'm 5' 11" and most maxi dresses are fine on me but this one hit quite a bit above my ankles. Overall not flattering and I'm either going to give it away or try to return it.


So I've only tried this on at home for like an hour, but it fights great! And huge plus breastfeeding friendly! I had no issues with have access to breastfeed. It feels so good on! Amazingly comfortable! Also perfect length I'm plus size and 5'7 touched the top of my feet. Now I want all the other colors too!!


It is a very nice dress. Very long though. I am 5'3" tall and I need to wear 4" heels to bring it off of the floor. The material is nice and let's face it..... IT HAS POCKETS! SQUEE! The only downside is that it is a bit large and I don't want to go through the exchange process.


It was a bit too big for my liking and came with a large hole in one of the pockets. I also didn’t realize the waist was stretchy elastic and it looked a bit cheap. I also didn’t find the print to look as nice in person as it did in my screen therefore I returned it.


Stretchy material, pretty comfortable dress in all and nice pockets. Would give five stars except the dress came with the bottom hem unraveling. It is flattering and I wear a 14/16 and the XL fits great. I'm planning to wear it to an outdoor wedding with a baby in a ring sling, and it seems like it will be perfect for that--not too bulky or restricting.


Because I wasn't sure of the sizing I did order 2 different sizes. Most everything these days fits way smaller than what the sizes say and glad I did, because I ended up keeping the larger size for the comfort. I cought this to wear to a wedding. Love that this dress has pockets as most don't.  I would buy this again.


People really love this dress, but sadly it wasn’t for me. Being 5’8, it can be tough to find maxis long enough, and it was no different with this. Just a tad too short for my liking. And the pockets were so weirdly placed, they made me look so hippy! The floral pattern was just too busy looking in person. I returned this unfortunately.


Great fit and received many compliments. The dress itself is so comfortable and flattering. My only complaint is that it's pretty low cut, but I solved that by wearing a lacy tank underneath.


