I am so happy with this dress. It's perfect. It is a little big but that's because I sized up to be sure it wasn't too small. I normally wear a 1x on top and between a 2x or 3x for bottoms. if I could do it again I would go with the 2X. but even still. its so comfy and cute!


My wife looked at it on line. She looked at it several times. I was watching her and reaction. So I bought it for her


SUPRISE!!


Gorgeous soft material that hangs rather than sticks where you dont want it to.  Very pretty design, I wish they made it in some solid colours and I would buy more.


Great dress..  I have received so many compliments each time I wore this dress.  The fabric does have a slight sheer to it, so if you don't like that look, this may not be the dress for you.  It is a good quality fabric though and the fit of the dress is great.


I love this dress! I've gotten so many compliments on it.  I am 5'4", and it did not need any tailoring to shorten.  I ended up pinning the chest, just to ensure my breasts did not pop out.  The cloth is silky, so it moves around as you wear.  It has ample room up top. It's very flattering if you are trying to hide a belly.


The dress fits really well but wasn't a big fan of the fabric - makes it look kinda cheap and uncomfortable to wear in the summer. Otherwise it was ok, but I still ended up returning it. Was shipped very fast and arrived on time.


This dress as really beautiful but it ran way too big. I ended up returning it.  I wear a medium in all brands of tops and dresses so I ordered a medium. This felt more like an xl. I would say to order down at least 1 size.


This was a steal- wore it to a summer wedding and was very comfortable and felt beautiful.  I'm a curvy size 12/14 and 5'6'' and didn't need to wear heels.


This dress is beautiful and not super heavy.  I did need to pin the top closed so I wouldn't flash everyone while holding onto a squirmy toddler.  Great dress to have for a spring/summer wedding.


This dress runs big... I ordered a medium, due to my bust but it was still loose. Its a beautiful dress


