I purchased the Floral 7 (Navy dress with flowers) I'm 5'2, hour glass figure, 165 pounds, size 14 shorts.  Based on the size chart and measurements I ordered an XL and an XXL.  The XXL was way too large.  The XL was loose in the breast area (I'm not small chested by any means) I could probably size down to the Large.  The dress is very flattering and probably it's greatest feature - it has pockets!


very nice dress. haven't had a chance to wear it yet because of the weather. the color, the print and the fit was as expected and i can't wait until spring so that i can put this on.


Love this dress.  Fits as expected.  Nice light fabric and very pretty pattern just as shown in pic.


I love this dress. It is made out of good material but is not too heavy for the summer months. The fit is very flattering to my body shape and I feel gorgeous when I wear this dress. I have received many compliments and am loving this purchase! I choose to dress more modestly and it's hard to find dresses for summer that are not super short or that have sleeves. This dress covered all my modesty needs and was comfortable to wear.


This dress is very comfortable for nursing and looks nice. I’m 5’5 and it reached right above the soles of my sandals which was perfect.


I was really disappointed. A maxi dress I feel like should go almost to the floor. The length of this dress stopped right above my ankle... No thank you. Otherwise the top fit perfect. I ordered the small. I'm 135lbs, 5'3" and 32DDD. I then decided to try the medium but it was still a little short (more tolerable) if the top wouldn't have been so baggy I would've kept it.


LOVE this dress. I've gotten so many compliments on it! I'm usually a large/xlarge in shirts, size16 in jean and bra size 38 D . I got this in xlarge and probably could've gotten a large.


There's no need for the zipper, I'm able to pull it over my head. It's an amazing dress, so glad I bought!


The colors are simply uplifting, bright and makes for a perfect fit.  I ordered this in the Large, thinking that I was taking a chance


and again, I hit the mark!  The dress looks smashing on me and I look forward to purchasing another one in the near future, just in a different style mind you and colors.


This is a beautiful and most flattering dress.  The colors are vibrant!!  Looking forward to wearing it on a cruise later this year.


Very flattering dress on my post baby body.  Comfortable & stylish.  I wore it to a wedding and was easily able to nurse baby.  And I love that it has pockets.


