Fits PERFECT. Ordered my normal size, xl. Get so many compliments and it is super comfortable. Love this dress. I'm 5'8" and the length is perfect for me. I hate when I'm tripping on the hem of a dress. That's just ridiculous. This is long on me without tripping on it or stepping on it, even when sitting.


This dress is beautiful, fits wonderfully. Im currently 9 mo.s pregnant and the dress looks great as a maternity dress, perfect for work, has great bust coverage too with ease to move aside for breastfeeding. Looks super professional as well, got lots of compliments at work on it. Its also not too long, im 5'2, wore flat sandals and there was no draggin :)


This is by far my favorite dress that I have bought on Amazon! The fit and quality are amazing! Especially for the price!! I am 5'4",  155lbs, 36C and I have a little bit of a Whinnie-the-Pooh belly. This dress was so flattering! It hides my belly, is not too revealing and is the perfect length! I ordered mine in a MEDIUM. I also love how it has a zipper instead of a tie, yet is still somewhat stretchy and forgiving. I for sure will be adding more patterns to my collection!


Really nice dress for the price. Material is super soft, silk like.  I get lots of complements when I wear this. I work at a very conservative office in TX -and this fits the bill. Deep V so I wear a cami under it. 5'10 and it hits between mid calf and ankle, but dresses for talls are easily 5xs as much.  I'm really busty and the girls sit well above the waistband.  .


Pretty flattering, I still look very pregnant and my kid is three! Dress draped well and was flattering. I'm 5'10 and 245 lbs- I got a 3X, fit well and length hit the top of my feet with flats on- nice.


I just received this dress today and I must say I do like it. It is comfortable and fits well. It is a little short (I'm about 5'9" and it hits me just at my ankles). I was worried about it fitting, but it fits well-maybe even a little big, but that is better than being too tight! I normally wear a size 18/20 and ordered the 3xl. I usually have bad luck with online sizes, but this one was accurate. I went by the size chart and used my measurements and it worked out well!


Dress is very comfortable, pretty, doesn't wrinkle. It is a little longer (barely clears the floor in flat shoes) than I would like, but I am only 5'5" .I purchased an XXL.  Fits comfortably (I have an above average waistline and a BMI of about 30 but only wear a B cup and the top is pretty modest.).


I love this dress!  I bought it to wear for my daughter's wedding but I plan to continue to wear it for church!  It is super comfortable and flows nicely.  The only small issue I have is there is a zipper up the left side of the dress and it pinched me under my arm occasionally.


I LOVE this dress!


I really like this dress.  I bought it to take on vacation with me and I'm so glad I did.  I normally wear a 20/22 so I bought the 3X.  It fit perfect.  I am 5'5'' and the length was perfect.  The material is soft and light weight.  It doesn't wrinkle so it's great for travel.  My daughter loved it and wants one of her own. I just bought another one in a different color.  I hope they add more colors in my size.  I would buy them all.


I love the print, I love the fabric. I followed the advice of other reviewers and bought one size larger; that was way to big so I had had to return for a smaller size. I am 5' 9", 190 lbs and the size large fits me perfectly.... except for the length. It hits me right at the top of my ankle. I would prefer the skirt to be longer but being on the taller side I deal with this a lot. I gave the dress 4 stars because the fit, fabric, price, and pattern are great. That last star would have been for the skirt length being perfect.


