I ordered a 2XL and it was huge and unflattering. I'm a 14/16 5'6" 185. I returned it for a Large and it fit great ( just have to use the side zipper now). It's a pretty dress and material is a heavy silky jersey. It is not see through and has substantial weight to the fabric.


Sadly the dress did not work for me or any of my friends. It has a very bulky hip area design and adds many pounds to the figure


Really love the look, feel and fit of this dress.  It is well constructed, lovely fabric and details......hidden side zipper and pockets.  Was a bit long for me but easily shortened.


Favorite dress!!! Nice a flowy- everything stays in place (neckline in particular). I recommend this dress to everyone!


This dress is extremely comfortable, and I get compliments every time I wear it. As an added bonus, it has pockets.


I am 5'8" and the length hits right about my ankles, so I don't trip on it.


This dress is absolutely gorgeous in person. Fits as described. My only note is that the small is just perfect with flats. Any type of heal and it would be too short. I'm only 5'4" so for taller women this may be an issue.


I'm 5'7, size M, long torso. This dress was ankle-length and the waistline hit me too high, so it ended up looking dowdy and matronly. Oh well.


The shoulders of the dress were a bit larger than I expected and measured to order the size. Also, the bust area was larger as well. The colors are brighter than the picture seems to depict and doesn't have the "flowy" feel I expected. but the length was right and will look forward to wearing it soon in the summer night.


I love the dress and the colors pop. I might shorten it to make it more of a day dress. I am thinking of ordering it in other colors. thts how much I like the fit. Its so hard to find dresses with sleeves and not low cut. Very happy with the purchase.


I love this dress! I'm 5'4, 140lbs and the medium fit perfectly. I gave it 4 out of 5 stars only because the material is a little see thru and will need to wear something under it.


