This dress is made well, fabric not too thick or thin. I just had a baby, am 5'4" tall, 170 lbs and 41" around the bust and the M was a great fit. Pockets are a cool feature. It sat well on the waist as well. However, because of the amount of fabric around the waist, it was too formal for my taste. The fabric looks more shiny/polyester in person.


Love this dress. Wish I would've gotten a medium not large. But it's gorgeous. A little too long but I'm short so that's not problem not the dress'.


Very pretty and sizes seem


Pretty true to my actual size. Gave it 4 stars because the material is weird....


LOVE this dress! I received so many compliments. It's very flowy and comfortable. It's great for both casual and special occasions. Excellent price for a very cute and comfy dress. I will warn that the v-neck can come a little low, but that's a super easy fix (I have used either a safety pin or I have worn a camisole underneath if worn for a more "conservative" occasion). I highly recommend!


I Love this dress!  Great fit, nice material, I want to order every design!


Loved this but I will have to wear a T underneath as it is low cut and I'm over 60 so I'm not liking all the cleavage


Best piece of clothing I have ever purchased from Amazon! I'm 5'4 and weigh 138 lbs and bought a medium. The fabric is so nice thick enough that panties don't show through but thin enough that it's not hot. Got many compliments and everyone was shocked when I told them how cheap it was.


Absolutely love this dress! I received so many compliments from strangers when I wore this on vacation. I am extremely tall and it was actually long enough!! I will be purchasing other colors of this dress too. Pockets are an additional bonus.


I really loved this dress and usually 2x is big enough for me. However, I am very full figured and it was difficult to get the dress on. Once I managed to put the dress on it was wonderful. I have lot about 25 pounds, so don't plan to send it back just yet.


A great dress and good fit.  Wish I didn't have a pouch in my midriff.


