very nice  I will have to stitch a little the seams are not straight


Very bulky. Length was good, but made me look wise.


I was so excited when I first put the dress on, but then I realized the zipper was broken. And also, when I looked carefully, the dress had stains everywhere. I really wish the dress had worked out as the cut is flattering and I liked the pattern, but I'm obviously going to be returning it.  Buyer beware.


Update: I was able to fix the zipper. This was largely thanks to the fact that the construction was poor in the first place. I can get the dress on without opening the zipper which I'm never touching again, and the stains mostly came out with a little bit of water. I love the pattern, the cut and the fit. So I am keeping it, and changing my review from a 1 to 2 star.  But seriously, for $24, you shouldn't have to fix a zipper and wash out stains.


I'm five months postpartum, 15-20 lbs heavier than usual, most of it in the hips and tummy, and the dress does a superb job hiding it. Also great for breast-feeding. I'm 5'7.5"  and currently just shy of 170 lbs. The large fits comfortably and hits just above my ankles.


Oh my goodness I want one in every color!!!!!!! I really have no idea how a dress can feel so elegant yet be so comfortable. I bought this for a wedding I'm going to in California. I'm usually an 18/20 pant size and I just recently had my 2nd baby so I wanted something feminine and flattering yet COMFORTABLE. This dress is all of those things! I ordered the 2X and it fits like it was made for me. The material feels and looks silky which makes me feel elegant. It's light and breezy (some maxi dresses are HOT and can feel heavy). The empire waist is perfect for post baby belly. I was worried about the arms fitting too tight but I honestly forget it has sleeves it's so comfortable. It also has pockets! Perfect for lipstick or keys. I would give 10 stars if I could!


Pattern mis-print right on the front of the dress.  I have to return cause it's impossible to hide.  I hate sending things bank via mail!


Fit well, fabric is an odd texture but if it was not ruined i would have loved wearing it.


My husband got me this dress from my wish list.  First of all, it is really pretty.  I love the design, the material is kind of silky and looks fancy.  It looks really cute on as well.  Very flattering fit.  I LOVE the pockets!  Also, the neckline is not super low.  I could get away with no cami, though some may want one for extra modesty.  So why did I give it only 4 stars?  The band under the bust area does NOT stretch.  When I get this dress on it fits so well, but getting it on is HARD with that part tight and not stretchy.  I kept hearing ripping sounds and I am scared it is going to rip when I put it on or take it off.  That said I am still keeping the dress and hoping for the best....


I edited my review.. after checking on here I read that this dress has a hidden side zipper.. NO WONDER IT WAS SO HARD TO GET ON!!  I did not see the zipper at all!  Haha.  I feel dumb but I am now giving this 5 stars !


I'm just under 5'5" and this dress is the perfect length for me. Doesn't drag on the floor but also doesn't show too much of my feet. There is a tiny hole in one of the pockets but it doesn't bother me at all. Still well worth the price. Very happy with my purchase.


This maxi dress looks so much nicer in person than in the picture!  If you're considering ordering definitely check out mine as well as the other reviewers photos to see what it looks like in real life!  It is super soft and silky so it is really comfortable to wear.  The floral pattern looks cute and modern on (not like something your mom would wear!).  It also has pockets which is a great touch!


I'm about 135 lbs and 5'4" and this dress fits me perfectly in a medium.  The bottom covers my toes if I stand still but it does not touch the ground.  If you are any shorter than me though, it will probably touch the ground unless you hem it.  There is a fitted section under the bust and the rest of the dress is flowy after that.  The top did want to reveal a little more than I wanted it to when I moved around.  There are several easy ways to fix that though: Add a stitch or 2, safety pin it, or wear a cami underneath.


I love the material this dress is made of because it's very soft and silky.  It also stays pretty wrinkle free so it is great to pack in a suitcase  if you're traveling.  The dress is very comfortable to wear and perfect for summer or spring.  This would be a great dress to wear to a summer wedding, party, church, or any other occasion that's not super formal.  You can dress it up or down to suit your style and occasion.  I plan on wearing it with a pair of cute sandals for a cute summer look.


Overall, I'm very satisfied with this dress.  It fits well, looks nice, and is comfortable.  It is hard to come by all 3 of these in a dress!  I received this dress in exchange for my review.


I like this dress...  LOVE the pocket feature on it. I feel like the small fits like a medium... I'm about 5'3 and 140lbs. I'm not a stick... Maybe more of a medium building. I'm going to keep the dress anyway because I'm currently 4 months pregnant and I feel I will be comfortable the duration of the pregnancy in it,  and that it will make an EXCELLENT choice wear for nursing with its super dramatic plunge line.


I put this on my wishlist and didn't think I would end up getting it because I always fear that things won't fit me correctly! My mom purchased the Black one for my birthday as a present though and it's wonderful! She got an XL and it fits perfectly. I wear a 38DDD and normally a size 16 in dresses and it fits beautifully. It would probably still fit even if I was a little bigger in the chest or tummy area. Hides everything you don't want to see and accentuates what you do! Very flattering. Very soft. I plan on buying more!!!


