Beautiful Dress.. Thank You #BBW


love this dress and the price! the fabric is super soft and stretchy! I got it because it's a dress I can actually nurse in. The fit is great for the most part. I'm about 5'9 and it's just long enough with flats or sandals. The bust is also pretty big, I'm a nursing mom with about a c cup and it fits me like my boobs are about an a. I ordered a medium.


Love, love, love this dress! And pockets!!! I've gotten many compliments on this dress when worn. Not sure the side zipper was necessary as the material is slightly stretchy to just pull on, but it's nicely hidden. Love that the dress is fairly long on me, I ordered a large and I'm a size 14 and 5'7 so there were no ankles showing. Fits great and has seemed to hold up nicely after a few washes this summer. I wish there were more than just floral prints to choose from, I'd love this in a solid color for pushing the outfit into the fall season.


Hate it . It looks super cheap. Nothing to pay $27 for. Could have gone to Marshals to Tj-Maxx and get better for less. It has made in China look written all over it.


I was very disappointed after receiving this dress. The zipper was broken when I got it and the stitching was falling apart. The fabric was super cheap and see through. This dress got so many good reviews and the dress I got was nothing that I expected.


I bought this dress to wear to church on Sundays, mostly.  I received compliments on the colors, which are vibrant without being over the top.  The fabric is soft and the fit is cut just right - no pulls.  The neckline is a open and a bit plunging but can be remedied by wearing a camisole underneath.  The dress is long- hits the floor.  I will by the same dress again, in a different color too


I really liked this dress!  The material was very comfortable and the pattern was just as pictured online.  I was glad that I had read reviews or I might not have realized that there is a zipper on the side under the arm.  The zipper helped when putting it on but I still struggled when taking it off.  Because of this difficulty, I decided to return it.  I wish I could have kept it but was afraid I would tear the stitching when I struggled to get it off.


I was looking for a stylish maxi dress.  This is not a typical cotton maxi.  Its soft and silky and offers some stretch and flow.  It also has POCKETS!!  Come on girls!  A dress with pockets?!  A comfortable one at that??!!!  Im in!  This one is so pretty and flattering too.  I love the color.


The fit was as expected.  I am 5ft4in and it comes just to the top of my feet.  The product reviews on this dress really helped me make the decision to purchase and they did not disappoint.


This dress is GORGEOUS! The colors are so vibrant, and looks exactly like picture. I am 5' and the XL is a little long, but fits perfectly otherwise. I can probably get away without hemming it if I wore some high wedges or something. The front is a little low, but honestly, it's not too bad and I'm top heavy. I want them to come out with more patterns so I can catch em all!


Beautoful dress. I get so many compliments anytime I wear this. I wear a cami underneath as the front does dip a little low, and the length of the dress is a bit too long for my 5'2'' frame, but it has POCKETS. Ladies, you know how cool pockets in a dress are.


