Well I do love the dress on but before I could even try it on it legit ripped from the seams at the v-neck area of the dress! I brought it to Aruba and had to pin it with safety pins because I just brought enough clothes for the trip. Dress is EXTREMELY CHEAP and made with very thin material! WAYYY over priced for the material and workmanship of the dress. Thank God Amazon refunded me!


I ordered a XXL being 5'9" tall, bust 45", waist 35", hips 44". The fit of the dress is perfect, reveals the cleavage just a little, the material is soft and opaque.


This dress is great! I am 5ft tall so maxi dresses are usually too long to wear with flats but this is just right for me in XL. I get tons of compliments on the dress (especially when people realize there are pockets!) the fabric has tons of stretch to it and is thick/not see thru at all. Only note would be that without any sort of slit in the dress it can get a bit warm with the thicker material for say an outdoor summer event but other than that I have no complaints.


It's absolutely perfect! I'm so impressed. My only complaint is that the Navy with pink flowers is a bit "shiny" and goes white when it stretches. I love how it fits (I'm pregnant size 20, 5'8", got a 3XL), it's so pretty and comfy. I've gotten compliments every time I wear it. I want all the other colors now


I had high hopes after reading the reviews, and thankfully the dress lived up to them!  I went into it knowing the fabric had a shiny quality.  I also knew there was a potential of it being short. Thankfully it is a length I can live with. It would be perfect if it were an inch longer. The fit is great though!  Very flattering.  I am 5'7 and wear a size 22, I ordered a size 3x. It is very comfortable and I am excited to wear this dress.


This dress is made well and is very flattering. I am 5'5" +/-200lbs depending on the week, short torso.  I bought an XL and it fits perfectly. The material is so great because it does not wrinkle. Great for travel. The colors are bright and beautiful. I have worn this a few times now and look forward to many more.


Very cute dress.  I ordered a second one in another color.  I'd prefer a midi length, but this dress is comfortable and very feminine, and doesn't wrinkle.  The only thing I noticed that wasn't positive was the zipper on the one I got does not work because of the way the stitching was done, but fortunately, I can slip it over my head without unzipping (the unzippable) zipper ~ :)


I wear a size 12 normally, 41-31-43, 32G bra size, 5'6", 170lbs. I bought the large and it fit perfectly. The length was good for me, I wore it with flat sandals. If you want to wear heels, and you're taller than 5'3", this will be short. The V was not too deep, I wore it to a wedding without a camisole underneath and it was just the right amount of sexy. For a professional setting, I would wear a camisole. Very comfortable and breathable.


This dress looks pretty in the product picture - but it's awful in person! It's super shiny, is made of some sort of cheap fabric, and if you have hips, this flares at the worst possible angle. I returned it right away.


Beautiful and flattering. I am a nursing mom that needed easy access for an all day wedding. I received many compliments. Size Large fit perfect and I wasn't tripping on it all day long. I normally wear a Large/12/36DD, 5'4".


