I love this dress, however I have one small issue with it.


The v neck is quite deep, which I don't mind, however it almost needs like some of that fashion tape or something to keep it together.


I had to constantly adjust it all night so my bra wasn't hanging out.


But my boyfriend loved it and I got lots of compliments!


Wow this dress is great! I’m going to order more for sure. The material is so soft and breathable, and not clingy at all! The pockets are a great addition to the dress. To those plus size gals like me reading reviews to figure out if it’ll fit- I weight about 240, 42DD bra, apple shape, and it fits like a DREAM! The length is perfect for me, goes down to just above my feet and I’m 5ft 6in tall. I hope that helps!


I'm blown away by this dress. It was a bit of an impulse buy so I sort of expected to hate it when it arrived. Quite the opposite happened. I'm in love with this dress. It's SO flattering even to my stomach area. It's very comfortable as well. And I'm just amazed that it's the right length. Usually dresses that fit well everywhere else are too long for me (5'4"). I just can't wait to wear this!


Ordered this on a whim. Good price. Wasn't expecting much. It's lovely!! The waist is slightly rouched. There are pockets!! V neck doesn't spill open too much. Nice black floral pattern, vibrant colors. It's a polyester fabric that drapes nicely. Overall, couldn't be happier! For reference, im a curvy size 18 and the XXL is perfect.


Love this dress!! Not tight anywhere and so comfortable. Highly recommend!


I absolutely LOVE this dress!! Fits perfectly and is very flattering. There was no wrinkling when taken right out of the bag it was shipped in. The black floral pattern is really pretty and the fabric is soft and drapey. One of the added benefits is that is has pockets! I bought this dress to wear to a wedding in June and know that it will be extremely comfortable and classy. I personally think that this style dress would look good on just about everybody since the style is such that is hides any imperfections you might be self conscious about. Great dress for a great value!


Amazing dress!!!! Fits great, hides imperfections, flows great! Amazing price!


The dress is really beautiful and figure-flattering!  I'm a little on the heavier side, so it's hard to find dresses that I'm comfortable wearing. I am 5' 7"


 and wear a size 14, and I bought the extra large The material is forgiving and the bottom is loose so it doesn't show every little bump or undie line. Also, it has pockets!


It fit perfectly except it was way too short! I'm 5'6" and it hit at my ankles. Everything else about the dress is perfect - I wear a 34G and size 10/12 pants and bought the Large. The pockets are great, the wrap front covers my cleavage to a non-slutty degree, the nipped waist is flattering, but the short length just made it frumpy. Total bummer.


Love love love!!!!!! I am 5'7 so I was worried about the length but it's perfect. Only reason I am giving 4 stars is because the fabric isn't fantastic and I am worried what is going to happen when I wash it


