Love the length and the way it feels. Very comfortable. Would love to have a couple more in different designs.


REALLY great quality.  Perfect length.  I usually wear a medium in most things.  I have about a 29-29" waist, 32DD bust, and a small fits perfectly.


I love this dress but, I'm 5'3" and this dress is way too long.


I am in love with this dress!  I couldn't have asked for a more perfect dress for me.  The v neck is a little low if you are well endowed like myself but it wasn't anything that a simple tank top underneath didn't fix and no one even noticed it.  I bought a XXL, I am 5'2" and my measurements are 47", 43", 52" and this dress just touches the ground on me.  The waist is high and right under the bust and I will admit that it is a bit snug there.  The zipper is under the left arm up the side of the dress and it can be a little difficult, especially where the material is gathered at the high waist.  Most of the material is stretchy but that waist is not.  I would dare to say that the waist line (which is right under the bust line) on the XXL won't stretch beyond a 42.  I wore a spanx top under it and it seemed to help.  I was very impressed with how the dark blue with pattern covered all my flaws and bumps.  The sleeves were the perfect length.  I couldn't believe the amount of compliments I received!


Seriously buy it. The fabric is shiny but I get a million compliments on this dress every time I wear it


I'm 5'8 and wear about a size 14.  The body was way too large and the length was way too short. It didn't even come to my ankles. I read may reviews before I ordered, thinking I'd be ok with this dress. I'm disappointed because I really liked it.


Absolutely love this dress! Got so many compliments on it when I wore it.


I'm 5'6" and it was the perfect length with flats.


Has a kind of sheen I didn't expect. Makes it a little more fancy than casual.


The dress was nice enough and had great colours but the material was a bit too shiny for my liking.


Really cute dress but it was too short for my 5'6" frame. It ended at the top of my ankles and making me look pregnant. Really wanted to love this dress.


