Returned this dress. It's nice enough, but the fabric was high spandex/stretch material, so the wrap front showed way too much chest. The smocking under bust I thought would be flattering, but I did't love the fit. I was disappointed because I love the silhouette and print...


(Brian's wife)


Very pretty just not flattering ok my body type. I have a short torso and DD so it didn't work for me. Very pretty dres tho.


Wow! What a gorgeous dress! If you're thinking of purchasing, do not hesitate. The material is so comfortable, and the draping is amazing. I bought the XXL (8.5 months pregnant), and it fit true to size. The cut is super flattering, and shows off my baby bump in just the right amount. A note about the length: I'm 5'2" and the length is perfect for a maxi dress (it covers the tops of my feet, but will be perfect with some wedges). I'm honestly so pleased. I can't wait to wear for my baby shower!


Get this dress! It is so soft and comfy. Fits perfect. I usually wear a 2x but got 3x and it is a great fit. Skins the top of my feet. I’m 5’5. Such a great dress. I can’t say enough about it. If you’re on the fence just get it.


This dress is extremely comfortable and super cute!! It does function well as a nursing dress. The top easily moves on each side for access to breasts. I'm one month postpartum, 5'4" and roughly 215 pounds - I ordered a Large and it fits perfectly.


I purchased a 3X and it fit as expected. However, the feel of the material is awful. It is not a soft cotton or a smooth silky feel… it's almost like swimsuit material. It's heavy and honestly feels and looks cheap. The dress is pretty but I  couldn't handle the material so I returned it.


I ordered a large. Im 5 7, 160lbs... and it was too big. Medium wouldve been perfect. Nice dress though and i think itll be great on hot days. Oh and its nursing-friendly.


I'm 4'11", and a bit round, so most long dresses look terrible on me, but this one looks really nice. It will need to be hemmed for me, but that's the curse of being my height. The fabric is really soft and flowy, and the pockets were a happy surprise. I haven't worn it out yet, but I'm looking forward to it.


For a cheap amazon dress, this dress was perfect. The material was a stretchy material. Everyone said they loved the pattern. I will def buy more dresses off of amazon!


the fabric is a little sheeny, kinda cheaper feeling but the dress is gorgeous. i don’t care about the fabric because it just looks so flattering on the body. i love the sunflower print!


