Every time I wear this dress, I get tons of compliments (even from strangers!). It's comfy, fits great (I have a nice waist even though I'm a bigger girl, and this shows it off really nicely).  I probably could have gone down a size but it's stretchy so not a big deal.


Great dress, many compliments received :) very comfortable and easy to wear.


5"4 wear size medium and small in most stores, and the small fit perfectly.


So I bought a large usually where a 12/14 - large busted. The waist fits fine but it's a little loose at the top. Since the top wraps I do want to say that bc it's big you will not see a clevage line. It's also a little long which I will get taken up that's bc I'm short but this dress it's very comfortable I wore this in 105 degree heat to church not too hot and not see thru- good solid material not cheap looking


I’m 5’3 and weigh 230 and got the xx large it fits perfect and it very flattering! I’m well endowed in th chest area and I don’t feel like that cleavage is that bad. I’m planning on wearing this for Easter.


The dress itself it gorgeous! I'm 5'5 and it hits about ankle length - a little shorter than I'd ultimately like (I love my maxis to hit the ground). The only thing keeping this beautiful dress from a full 5 stars is that I did run into some issues with a few seams unraveling shortly after the first few times wearing it. Overall, great dress, but maybe not the greatest quality.


Absolutely beautiful! Now I want to buy all the other dresses made by OUGES, unfortunately they don't come in size 3X. I am hoping they will increase their size range because I love this dress and want to get more!


Probably 180lbs 5'4" 40DDD - I purchased the XL. Super light weight. Perfect length for me in flops. The pockets are the most amazing thing! I was able to carry my phone, lipstick, keys, and sunglasses around in them with room to spare! No bulky bag that doesn't quite match. This dress received so many complements at and after the wedding I attended!


Love this dress! I got it in the black and apricot because I wasn't sure what color I would like and thought I would just return the one I didn't like, but I love both of them so I'm keeping both! I needed a dress that was breastfeeding friendly that I could wear to a wedding. I am 7 weeks postpartum, 5'6" and about 145 pounds and this fit great! It was a little bit loose on top but fit well everywhere else. It hits right at my ankles. Very satisfied!


Beautiful dress! And I love the fabric.  My problem is that it is so long that it drags on the floor. When the fabric is so stretchy, I'm afraid to try to cut it off and re-hem.  I'm afraid it wouldn't lie flat.


I am 4 weeks post pardem and 5'6" and 180 lbs and a medium fits great.  The length hits right at the ankle and was perfect with flats.  The material is satiny with great stretch.  I wore to an outdoor wedding and it was comfortable in the heat.  Very flattering with the wider waist band and flawy skirt.  The V neck was perfect for nursing and I felt very comfortable and confident.  The material allowed breastfeeding with ease and did not become stretched out or loose after moving the dress out of the way to free the boobs for nursing!  haha


