I'm giving two stars, one for having pockets and the other because it has potential.


I'm not a fan of the fabric, it's a little too heavy for a dress and the synethic sheen is not appealing to me.


The elastic on the waist is poorly constructed and that's where I feel the weight of the fabric. For reference my waist is 24 inches. The elastic hits the right spot, but doesn't have a great range of elasticity. It's very loose on my waist and doesn't stretch very far for taking the dress off.


The pattern looks cute online, but I don't like being able to see where it starts and ends almost everywhere.


The dress was also way too long for my height, 5'5" but that's an easy hem job.


Being the mother of a baby who is breastfeeding, my wardrobe has slowly evolved into one that can accommodate feeding my child at the drop of a hat, while also preventing me from looking like a sack of potatoes. Thankfully, this dress accentuates the curves I have, while providing a convenient way for me to feed my child when needed. Plus, it has pockets! The only downside I can think of is that the material doesn't breathe well. Other than that, it is worth it for the price you pay.


I love this dress! I am 5'2" and 135 lbs, and ordered the floral-5 color (light blue) in a M. It fits perfect! It barely hits the floor on me which was a huge surprise since most full length dresses I order are 6" past my toes. The material is warm, yet breathable and is silky. I got this dress as a nursing dress and I love how easy it is to nurse in. It is extremely flattering on and very slimming!


Great cut and fit, however, extremely bad choice of material.  The material made it look like a cheesy, cheap nightgown.  Very disappointing because the cut was exactly what i was looking for.  If it had been in a cotton or just about any non-shiny material it would have been great.  I returned this one because i don't need a cheesy fake satin nightgown.


The print is prettier in person, but it's kind of short for a maxi dress. I ordered a small and am 5'6". This doesn't quite hit my ankles. I would prefer a maxi dress to come to my ankles, otherwise it just looks like it doesn't fit right. Overall, it fits well everywhere else. I'm keeping it, but may end up having it hemmed to be more of a midi length.


YES! YES! YES! I am a size 22/24 and I was very hesitant when buying this dress, but to my Plus Size ladies it fits perfectly. I ordered the 3X and it fit my 5'10 frame and apple shape. It's long enough to even wear heels with and at my height, that's fantastic for a maxi dress! Totally going to buy another in the future!


I got so many compliments on this dress. The dress fits so well, is comfy, stretchy, and has pockets! Plus, it's at a great price point!


I will say that I did have to be aware of cleavage when I sat down. The dress was great with flats, but it would have been too short with heels (I'm 5'6" for reference)


I love this dress. My only issue was that my toddler was clingy to me the day i wore it causing my bra to become exposed more than my husband appreciated (we were at a party). Easy solution is to use some of the fashion tape and voila. Problem solved. The fact that this dress had pockets was just amazing. Great Prime Day purchase. For reference, i'm 5'4", 135lbs and ordered a size Small.


I really like this dress, I bought a large because I needed it for Easter and the medium did not have 2 day shipping. I'm 4 weeks post partum, 5'5" and about 155-160 right now. I usually wear a medium but I hate short dresses, this dress barely grazed the floor. It was a lovely 35 degrees on Easter in Chicago but I really wasn't cold yet i don't think I would sweat in this dress in warm weather either (I conviently forgot to put on deodorant while getting my 2 under 2 ready for church lol) I felt pretty and got a bunch of compliments which was much needed when your body is bulging in weird spots.


I ordered this dress as a prime day special offer. I thought it was cute and might be a nice work dress. Plus, it has pockets. Well, it's definitely NOT a work dress, because hello cleavage! But I am so happy I purchased this dress. It fits me beautifully and is so flattering to my figure. It made me feel pretty :)


