Beautiful dress. The fabric is so comfortable and flows over your body. I returned because it was too short for me. I'm 5' 8" and it came to my ankles. I prefer my dresses to the floor or hemmed to my shins (t-length). I just didn't want to hem this one. The background color of this one is a tan, don't know why they call it apricot.The photo seems accurate. I bought my regular size and it fit perfectly.


This maxi dress is so comfortable! The fabric is high quality and stylish. I wore this to an outdoor wedding in 90+ temps and stayed comfortable and cool. I love the deep pockets!  I am 5'3 and wore 3" heels, the dress did catch on my heels a few times. I normally wear a size 8 in dresses and I bought a Large in this Maxi dress but in hindsight I wish I'd bought a Medium. I think the Medium would have been perfect for length and a more snug fit... still, I Absolutely love this Ouges dress and I'm already looking at their other products!


Absolutely love this dress!  I got in as a lightning deal, and what a bargain!  After reading all the great reviews, I decided to go for it and order it.  I was so pleased with the feel of fabric and the weight of the dress.  It fits wonderfully, and looks so great on.  I am not a dressy person, but wanted a comfortable easy to wear dress without having to worry if I had razor stubble or not!  I wore this to work today, and got tons of compliments on it, even from the kindergartners! My friend and co-worker promptly went on amazon and ordered herself 3 of them! I don't have much of a curvy shape, but this dress outlines my waist and looks so flattering on!


I bought the blue dress with larger pink flowers on it.  The material reminds me of a swimsuit, but it's very flowy.  I was excited to receive this dress because I read another review stating it fit the person's tall body as a maxi dress.  However, when I tried it on, it hit the top part of my ankles (at least 3 inches of skin showing).  For reference, I'm around 270, 5'8" and 42H.  The chest part has a very deep cut, which I was not concerned about (camisole anyone?).  The chest part also is VERY constricting on the breasts.  However, it still looks great and I plan on wearing it, after shortening the dress into more of a midi length.  The pockets are the second main reason I bought this dress. LOVE IT.  This would work great for someone who is 5'5" or below.


I'm not sure I've ever gotten more compliments every time I wear a dress! It is so flattering and it has pockets! I wish it was available in more colors/patterns! Really love a good plus-size option!


This dress is flowey and beautiful. I didn't realize at first that it has a hidden side zipper, which is a great feature. I'm 5'7, 155 lbs, 36C and the medium fits perfectly. I would definitely recommend wearing a tank under the dress for modesty. Highly recommended!


Wife: Fit me as expected but because of the material, totally showed off my (undesirable/newly post partum/muffin top) belly. I wish it didn't cling so much, or if it did, that the material didn't give so much. Beautiful dress but I had to return it because of how unflattering it was. A larger size and the top of the dress would be too big and probably be too long because it was brushing my toes. (for reference, 5'4" and about 150lbs--originally bought a size small)


Returning this because it is an awkward length on me... I'm 5'5" and it would be great for wearing with sandals but too short for wearing with heels.  Also, as someone else mentioned the fabric is unforgiving on the midsection and the pockets would be pretty useless. The fabric looks a bit cheap as well.


LOVE this dress! I usually wear large and sized up for this because I was borderline on the measurements, but I think I would have been fine with a large. The fabric is silky smooth and stretchy, which I had not realized. The silky fabric type and the long length of the dress means this dress can work in fancier settings. I'll be dressing this up for a wedding and dressing it down for an evening on my Hawaii vacation. I've only worn it to try it on and it is SO CUTE. I might end up ordering in another print, but the blue with pink flowers is just perfect and beautiful.


The reason I am retuning this dress is because I like my full length dresses to fall all the way to the floor.  I am 6'2" and this stopped above my ankle, which for me is to short on a full length dress.  I purchased a 3x which was too big in the body, in the pictures it doesn't show the dress has a side zip and the pockets are not that deep you could fit keys and lip stick in the pocket cell phone may fit depending on which phone you have (Samsung 6plus edge does not fit)


