This is a very cute dress. The length is perfect on me and I am 5ft 6in. I tried putting the dress on over my head not realizing that there is a side zipper! (I heard some ripping but I couldn't find anything noticeable) it was a breeze once I found the zipper. I wore a cami under it to give me fuller coverage of the breasts. I will definitely keep this dress in mind when I have baby #2 for an easy dress for breastfeeding! Very flowy and hides my "mommy belly". Would also be cute as an early maternity dress. Lots of uses! Oh and don't forget, it even has pockets! :)


I recieved this product highly discounted in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.


I love this dress. Everything about it is lovely. The pattern is small and not distracting. The fabric is very stretchy and forgiving. The neckline is a little low but can be "fixed". There is not one negative thing to say about this dress.


I love this dress so much. I love maxi dresses buy they always make me look pregnant  (when I'm not) or boxy. This hit my waist at the perfect point and even made my boobs look nice. I feel so beautiful in this dress. I'm 5'6" and the length was about an inch from the floor, so my feet would poke out, which is good so I don't trip over myself


This dress is very flattering and is fitted where it should be. The fabric is soft and breathable and the top hugs the chest perfectly. It's long but doesn't drag on the floor at all. A great evening gown for summer or spring, I would recommend this to anyone


Disclaimer: The manufacturer provided me with a discounted price for an honest review. I have no personal or financial interest in the company or in anyone employed there.


I LOVE this dress!! FYI, for the fellow shortys out there, I am 4'11" and got a small. With a heel, even a small one, the dress goes to the floor which is the perfect length for this dress in my opinion.


I'm so excited!  I'm a plus size gal looking for a cute & stylish maxi dress.  I also wanted some sleeve coverage because I hate my upper arms.  This dress is so adorable, comfortable & has pockets!  I'm also tall (5' 10") & the length is perfect.  Probably a little bit heavy for our Phoenix Summer's, but very wearable the rest of the year.  I usually wear a 2X but ordered a 3X because of the comments about the middle running tight.  Plenty of room & the top fits great & the bottom flows nicely.  Bought the black & gray prints, both of which are beautiful.  I'm a happy happy girl!


I love this dress. I wear it everywhere. I went to Japan last year on vacation and the feeling of it reminds me of a Japanese yukata (summer version of a kimono). Its silky and extremely stretchy. The zipper is on the side and its hidden really well. Can't even tell its there. It also doesn't scratch up my under arm from the zipper like a lot of stuff does. Its the perfect length on me 5'5''. I normally wear a size 18 in a dress and bought a 2x. It fits me perfectly.


I love this towel.  It's reasonably priced so I couldn't pass it up.  I use it for a hot yoga class and I put it on my mat to help from slipping.  Works wonderful !


This is the second OUGES dress I have tried and they are cut small. I ordered an XL as I am usually a US 14, but was unable to zip up the dress by a decent amount.  Not even sure why a maxi dress has a zipper on it... that was a new one for me. The other thing I noticed was that the pockets are very small and towards the front of the dress, not the sides as we usually see. Other than those things, the apricot print was beautiful and the fabric had a little sheen to it.


I bought a different OUGES dress, and loved it, so I ordered this one too.The quality is great, I just felt matronly. It wasn't the look I was hoping for. I returned this particular dress, but I do recommend this brand.


