ABSOLUTELY STUNNING!!!! I feel like it's a formal/casual formal dress. I am 5'3 and it cinches at the waist and the dress flares and flows at the bottom. It's about two inches on the ground WITH flats and sandals on. Heels 2 1/2 inches is perfect to keep the bottom half of the dress from dragging on the ground. I also found a great way to give the bottom half of your body an hour glass figure (if you happen to be bottom heavy like me, this will compliment your body). Take a bit of fabric from each side of the dress a little below the pocket areas (DID I MENTION THIS DRESS HAS POCKETS???? They sit on the hips for me and are deep enough for an iPhone 6s) and tie it twice in a knot. The dress pulls the back side of the dress forward when knotted and keeps the front cinched and ruched so you don't have to worry about belly lines or unwanted body movements (jiggle, jiggle). I've added a few photos for references. It is about 100-119 here in Arizona, and I believe it's only getting hotter. HOWEVER, this dress was comfortable and airy than I was expecting BECAUSE it is a black dress. The dress is stretchy, I believe I could have gotten away with an XL. I've purchased many dresses from Ouges and the dresses with stretch are always forgiving. I do like to stay on the safe side though. The shoulders sit at the perfect length for those with bigger arms. It's not tight in that area at all. The only thing that gives this dress away, that it IS a maxi dress, is the thick waist band that separates the fold on the chest area and the flow-y material beneath it. There is a zipper on the side of the dress, but for me, I didn't need to utilize it. Did I mention (again) that there were pockets? An effortless dress, no doubt. There was no product guarantee in the product description during the time of my purchase. I believe anyone around the 210 weight area would be able to fit the XXL. Smaller busts (DO NOT FREIGHT) could easily wear this dress as well. The wrap/fold on the chest area is secure and does not "fall" or is made too loosely. This will accommodate you (I am a 38B-C and I have a big gap between my bust. The top half of the dress is beautifully made to fit COMFORTABLY).


-I WAS NOT PAID OR SPONSORED BY THE SELLER OR BY THE COMPANY FOR MY UNBIASED REVIEW. I STAND BY MY ASSESSMENT AND BELIEVE IT TO BE TRUE BY PERSONAL EXPERIENCE. I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT SAMPLE AT A REDUCED PRICE FOR MY UNBIASED REVIEW. ALL OF THE EXPERIENCES AND OPINIONS STATED IN THIS REVIEW ARE MINE AND MINE ALONE. ABSOLUTELY NO ONE ELSE! "I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission 16 CFR Part 255: Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsement and Testimonials in Advertising."


5'6 38dd and usually wear between 16-18 and bought the xxl. The cut of the dress is very nice and flattering and it has pockets but I returned it because of the material. If it weren't for that material (I personally don't like that silky feel) I would have kept it .


Best dress I have ever purchased. It is very comfortable and soft. I am 5'2 so it is a little bit long on me, but that is not the dress problem hahaha. Anyways, the dress is of great quality fabric and very well made. I was surprised to see it has a zipper and side pockets. I put on the dress easily without knowing it had a zipper, once it was on I realized it had a zipper. Makes it that much better. So in love with it!!!!


I LOVE THIS DRESS. I was hesitant to buy it because I am normally a 4x with really wide hips so sometimes dresses like this can cling in that area and make me look lumpy but this dress is flawless. The pattern is bright and fun, the length is perfect (I'm 5"9), and it makes my breasts look big! The swatch of fabric that falls under the breasts and down the legs is really roomy so it accomodates wider hips while the breast area is cinched to accentuate that. It's a classic and well-done empire maxi. I bought another one because of how much I love it. The material is a spandex/rayon type and somewhat heavy so this dress might be better suited for spring than the heat of summer. 5 out 5 stars. So happy with my purchase.


This dress was a great buy; I wore it to a graduation. It's very comfortable, the material was weather appropriate and is true to size. I am 5.5 and the dress doesn't drag on the floor. I wore a tank top underneath because the cut was a little low.


This dress is fantastic! I wore it to work and got tons of compliments. It is comfortable and flowy and hit my waist in the exact right spot. I just ordered this same dress in another print and I can't wait until it arrives!!


The lighting in my picture really doesn't do this dress justice. The colors and silky feel of the material match exactly to what the Amazon picture implies. It is my new favorite outfit.


I bought this dress for Easter and figured that the flowiness of it would hide some flaws.  I usually wear a size 10-12 (L) in a dress but got a medium as it looked stretchy.  This dress fit amazingly!  It wasn't too tight even though its a size smaller than what I usually wear and it does have some stretch to it.  I will be buying this dress again in different colors!


Love this dress, I'm 5" 5 and about 160ish in pounds, 34DDD bust, 32" in the waist, 40" hip. I ordered it in a large and I fit so well, it gave me enough room in the bust and cinched in the waist perfectly and I also love that it has pockets, and the color is very vibrant. Also the length came to almost the floor but with about 4" heels it came to my ankles, enough to cover my legs and enough to show my shoes. I will be ordering it in more colors.


This dress fits beautifully! The fabric is light and stretchy. The only thing I'm not thrilled about is the zipper. With the fabric being so stretchy, I don't feel that it needs a zipper. It makes the left side of the dress not as stretchy as the right. But, it is still awesome and very comfy!


