This dress is perfect in everyway. I got a XL and the dress holds my 40F chest wonderfully. The colors are beautiful and the fabric feels so nice. Love the pockets.


I am normally a 2X, but am super busty and ordered a 3X based on the size chart. It fits well. I am just shy of 5'6" and the length of the dress was perfect for me. It was just above (an inch at best) the floor. I plan to wear this with flats. The color is nice, but the fabric is kind of odd feeling. This dress is extremely comfortable, and it has pockets!! It would be a great choice for a nursing mother as well. I am pleased with my purchase and would consider buying another.


I love this dress and have worn it probably 6 times now. It is super comfortable and forgiving in all the right places. My one complaint is that I am pregnant and for some reason the fabric is showing wear on my belly...which I cant figure out, because its not like I rub my belly on random things all day??? I do have to wear a little lace cami underneath, it is crazy low cut and my girls wanted to jump out


Some what big but OMG I LOVE this dress! I wish that they would have done a stretchy stitch across the waist though... the zipper on the side is annoying and unnecessary. But I love this dress, it't very flattering!


Ended up returning this because it was too big.  I normally wear a size 6 and am 6' 7" tall, I ordered a medium.  The length was great, but the top way too big.  I'm not large chested, but if I was, I imagine the top would have fit very well and provided some modest cover.


Love it so much I just ordered another! I'm normally and 18/20 and the XXL fit like a glove. I'm 5'3" and it just skims the floor.


Really a great looking dress in person with the color, except the part if you stretch it a little; it looks discolored. The pattern will look completely thin and different. That's the only downside, but love the pockets!


This is a very pretty dress, and even has pockets.  However, the pockets make you look pretty hippy.  The material is soft, and washes up well in Woolite.


I love this dress. I am 5'5' and around 185 pounds, and the XL dress is a tin bit big on me. I had to pin the top to make sure I don't flash people when sitting. That being said, this dress is beautiful and I have received many compliments while wearing it. It is definitely worth the price!


I'm 5'9 and this dress 3 months later still sits in my closet because the top is too big around. It doesn't fit snug around my bust, and the rouching is too low on my stomach instead of my waistline. It's too short also. It hits my ankles or a little higher instead of floor length like I was expecting.  In addition the pockets are different sizes. One has a smaller opening than the other. Nothing that a stranger would notice but something when you slide your hands into the pockets it's uncomfortable. I was afraid to return because I have had issues in the past year with receiving "complete refund" from Amazon but I hate the dress.


