Gorgeous dress! Nice quality. I'm a size 26 US and the 3X fits great! It'll be great for my vacation to Vegas because it's very comfortable, but looks really fashionable. I'm going to need this in every color, stat!!!


I’m a 46D and normally wear a size 24/26. I was skeptical about ordering a 3X but it was a great fit!! I didn’t prefer the smell of the dress when I opened it so I immediately washed!! Material is not so heavy, satisfied with the purchase


It's very comfortable.  Made my hips look a little wide, it might be the pockets or just the material.  But overall comfortable and cute.


This dress is awesome for postpartum and nursing mamas! It is forgiving on a postpartum body and the material is great for moms that have no time to iron. I feel pretty on it and love the pockets. I will be ordering in more colors!


This is gorgeous and so comfy! I ordered the XXL (2X) I typically wear a 1X bust have a 38 DDD chest. I was able to wear it without a tank to a wedding and carry my 1 year old without showing too much. Great dress!


This was a pretty dress but the fabric did not compliment my body well at all. The colors were nice and the length was good (I am 5'3" and got the medium) but it did not hide my mom tummy the way I hoped it would.


Love the fit of this dress! I did not see the zipper at first so I was struggling to get it on, but once I found the zipper it fit perfect. The material is a little thick so it has this very flattering smoothing effect.


I’m 5’6” 200lbs and got XL and am very satisfied with the fit.


I got the navy blue dress and I love it. I got it for maternity and nursing. I'm 5'5'' 125lbs pre-pregnancy and got up to 152lbs before I delivered. It's beautiful and worked well for maternity, and I look forward to using it while nursing as well (the front allows for nice easy access).


Very nice material, cute pattern, nursing friendly. I am 5'5" and 130lbs and the small fits well. A little tight in the waist but comes off and on okay. The v-neck is a bit too revealing for my liking, so I pin it and then un-pin for nursing. Works great. Pockets are a plus!


Edited: Found a zipper on the side that I hadn't noticed (It blends in very well!) Comes off and on much better!


LOVE this dress!!!  Fits as expected (I am a 10/12 and ordered a Large).  You will have to wear a camisole under if you don't want to show much cleavage.


