I love this dress! After reading the reviews, I ordered a size up from my normal size and it fits perfectly. I’m 5’5” and about 190 lbs, I ordered an XXL. I just hits the top of my feet, which is perfect because I was worried about having to buy wedges for it. I can comfortably wear sandals with it, though. The fabric is soft and perfect thickness. It’s flowy and well-fitted on top. 10/10 would recommend


When stretched the fabric turns white. It isn't see through, but the white feels so awkward. If you sit and walk pretty still, your probably fine. If you have children who will sit on your lap, pull your dress when they walk by you, or tug at your sleeve - the white factor is just embarrassing. On a hanger the dress is pretty though, so it just sits in my closet making me wish it was a probably that could be fixed with a black slip, but it's not. Bummer.


I was so HAPPY with this dress ! I am always so hesitant to order clothes online especially for plus size . You just never know how the sizing runs . I read every review to make sure I got a good read on sizing .


I'm big , but I carry my weight pretty evenly , 5ft 7 and 290 , I ordered the 3x and it fit great . The arms are alittle snug but it's more motivation for me on my weight loss journey . Also, I'm nursing and this dress is perfect for that .


I'm so happy with it I've ordered 3 in total .


I only wish they would make it in SOLID COLORS TOO !!!


Oh. My. Gosh. I love this dress. It fits just amazingly. It is made of a thin spandex-y material. Very stretchy kind of satin feel. Substantial dress for sure. The criss cross on the front sits where it should and the neck line is low but reveals nothing. Does in fact go to the tops of my feet and the arm stretched for my large arms. I am typically a 20-22 and 5'8", BIG butt and still the back comes down to the backs of my ankles. Looking at the additional colors right now.


Going to return this. Bought it for Easter, but it looked like a nightgown when I tried it on. I bought an XXL since I'm about a size 16 after recently having a baby. But the bottom part is not flattering on me. The way the pleats and pockets sit makes it look very large.


Amazing! This far exceeded my expectations. I'm 5.4, 40D, and usually wear a 10 pant, the large is perfect for my bust. I wish there wasn't pockets as it makes my hips look bigger but not a deal breaker for me. It's also the perfect length for me. Comes down to my feet but not touching the floor. I'm purchasing another one now!


Surprised at the quality of this dress.  It is lovely.  It fits perfectly and the colors are bright, and it hangs nicely.  I am so pleased with this dress that I have ordered another one in a different pattern.  Will be great for summer events.  Very pleased I took a chance and ordered.  The other reviews helped me decide to try, and I am so glad I did.  It was packaged nicely and securely.  Great purchase.


I love this dress. For reference I am 5' 0" and my measurements are 35-28-37 and I ordered a size small and it fit amazing! Based on the measurements I should have ordered a medium, but honestly, it would have been too big around my waist. I still have a little bit of room so perhaps someone an inch or so more than me could also fit into a small. I love the fit of the dress and the pockets add a little bit of bulk which make your hips appear wider, which I do not mind. It is so comfortable to wear. I loved it so much that I just placed an order for another one of these dresses and I plan on ordering more in the future! I would love if they came out with more patterns for this dress. It is about two inches too long but I could easily wear heels or get it tailored so I can wear it with flats. Cannot recommend enough.


I bought this dress 2 years ago and it was so beautiful when I received it.  The material is really soft but it is not see through.  My only slight complaint to this dress would be, I am 5'4  And the dress fit me too long. I gave it to my mother who is 5'9 and the length was perfect for her.  I would highly recommend, and if your petite like me I would suggest some good wedges.


I give it 2  stars due to the fact the sleeve has some color block pattern that completely ruins the rest of the sleeve. It will need to be returned as it is very noticeable when on the arm.


Otherwise the fit was nice and didn’t over accentuate any extra weight you may have. A undershirt will be needed due to my bust but it will still look very nice.


