Looks good, a little snug.  Smells awful!  Appears to be new but reeked of some chemical type smell. I ordered two of this company's dresses and one from another manufacturer.  The other color from this company also had the same strong odor.  The single dress from the different company did not smell so it was not something in the box.  They all arrived in the same box, each in a plastic wrapper.  I don't know if airing this out will help.  If not, it's going back, along with its partner


Really cute dress! Saw this on a plus size fashion haul on YouTube and couldn't pass it up. I wish it was a little more breathable for FL weather, but it'll work for the price!


This is a great dress! Fits true to size and very flattering, especially for my after baby bod. The best part is that it's super easy to wear while breast feeding, I'm 5'7" and thus dress sits right above my toes. Material is quality and it even has pockets.l! Overall, great buy.


I ordered a small and it is SO long. I'm 5'1 and even with 3.5 inch wedges it still drags on the floor. It also fits too large around the waist. Pretty dress, but so big! :(


Great dress, it was perfect for the wedding we went to. The only thing was chest was little loose/big (had to be safety pinned up a little bit) I am roughly 160 and 38b and wore a large


I really like this dress but for me only being 5 1"  its a lot of fabric.  I feel that even a small is a little large for me and I have a curvy body.  It's very flattering and not skin tight.  I almost wish there was an extra small option.


I thought I would purchase this for a At Home casual dress because of the beigh color.  BUT it is beautiful and looks stunning on.  Didn't think the colors would be exciting but they match well.  Got compliments on the dress.


Very pretty dress, in fact it is nicer than I expected. It looks more dressy than a casual maxi dress so more appropriate for a summer wedding than a day at the beach but I definitely like it and will keep it. As with most dresses, it is about ankle length on me (I'm 5'11") instead of floor length.


Beautiful dress! Fits so well and very well made. My color is a little bit grandma’s aqua nightgown, though. I actually thought I was buying white. It’s still pretty and I got lots of compliments! I’ll try to post photos next time I wear it.


Fit is exact. Material it's so light and yet quality. Very comfortable and sexy. I get so many compliments when I wear this dress. Really makes "the girls" (ie...my breasts) look amazing. I'm going to buy every color!!


