Wore this at 33 weeks pregnant for my baby shower and it was divine. Made me feel pretty and definitely accentuated my baby belly! Im 5'0" and ordered an XL- without the baby bump it will prob be a little long, but nothing some wedges won't fix! Great purchase!


I am a size 18US. I purchased the XXL and it does not zip up. It is also far too long. It drags on the ground and I am 5"6'. The material and pattern is nice. I would have loved this dress.except for the zip issue. I could have hemmed it to fix the length but unfortunately I cannot.wear it because the waist is too tight. A pity!


I normally wear a 4X. I usually would never buy a smaller size, but based on many reviews about how stretchy it is and how well it fits a wide variety of shapes and sizes, I took a chance. I’m 5’2”, so I figured it would be pretty long, but I’m also fairly wide so usually that shortens my hem a bit.


It hits exactly at my ankles. It fits extremely loosely around my body below my boobs, but is a bit snug in the breast area. Surprisingly it fits my large arms comfortably (if snugly).  Obviously the neck plunged down way too far, but that’s an easy fix with a cami.


It doesn’t look good on its own; it accentuates the roundness of my midsection, which is not where one wants the attention to be drawn. I’m wearing it with a black cardigan which eliminates that problem. With the cardigan it looks quite pretty.


The waist is not as stretchy as the rest. It’s got a little give, because of the fabric it’s made of, but no elastic. It really should be elastic. Nevertheless, I’m a size larger than it says it will fit and it fits me.  So it isn’t a huge problem.


I bought a second one in a different color. That’s what I do when I really like something. I usually wear cardigans with dresses anyway so it worked out for me. If you aren’t quite as round in the middle this will probably look great (assuming you’re a bit taller than I am).


I got the dress in the navy background with pink flowers and I'm in love with it. The fabric is thick, but not too thick. I'm 5'6"/5'7" and the length hits at my ankles. It's fitted at the top and flowy at the bottom. I wear flats, and it doesn't drag the ground on me. I wear a 38 d/dd (depending on the time of day cause I'm pumping) and the medium fit well; however it was a little tricky getting them over the girls. It would make a good nursing/maternity purchase as something that would transition afterwards. Iwould buy another pattern of this dress because of how much I like this one.


I love this dress. I ordered at 3xl and it was a bit big on me but that is fine. I am normally a 22/24. The length is good and I am 5'7", it comes to the tops of my feet. The pockets are awesome, very comfortable and flattering on. I would love if they made it in a knee lenght,


Plus Size girl says dress WILL FIT! I got a 3xl and I usually wear a 2xl, but I think I could have gotten away with a 2xl. I got so many compliments on this dress already wearing it out to 2 girls dates and a shower. Fits GREAT and also has a side zipper. Great dress for travel as the material will not wrinkle. And it has packets! TIP: buy the BLACK one. It is Very flattering. I also bought the grayish one, it still fits and I wear it but the black just looks more slimming on me. I'm going to buy a third in the navy. awesome dress to wear to many occasions.


The dress is very feminine.  I have the age appropriate little bit of a belly going on and this dress does a good job of hiding that belly. The side zippers make the waistline look thinner while the flowing fabric under the waistline hides the extra me. I love the soft fabric & beautiful floral print!  I bought a second dress with different flower print I liked the first purchase so much.


Pockets!! This bad boy has freaking pockets! Not sure how I missed that when I initially ordered this but oh my goodness did it make my day. I hate purses so having pockets and being able to carry my phone while wearing this makes me overjoyed. Because of the pockets I will so be ordering three other patters offered of this dress. I'm in love. The material is stretchy and cozy, thicker but not obnoxious. I like in Ohio and I'd say this is perfect for spring, heavy enough to keep you warm on cooler days. I'm five foot three and this dress just sweeps the ground thankfully. D cup, weighing close to 180 lbs, I ordered an xxl and probably could've gotten away with sizing down. This is beautiful and I can't wait for my next date night with my husband so I can get extra cute and show it off.


Beautiful dress! I bought this to breastfeed in and was not disappointed. A little low cut, but that also made it easy to nurse in. I felt like the waist was tighter than the rest of the dress, but it fit overall and was a beautiful pattern. It looks like the picture online! Definitely will order from this company for future dresses.


I've been bulking up my stash of summer 'work' dresses, and wanted to mix in a modest, but light and summery, maxi dress. This cap sleeved, v-neck maxi dress fit the bill, so I thought I'd give it a go!


I love the way this dress feels when you put it on. It's lightweight, but substantial (not see through). The material is soft, reminiscent of those bathing suit sarongs from the early 2000's. I can see myself wearing this all day long in the summer SoCal heat without issue.


When I first pulled the dress out of the packaging, I was dismayed to find the waistband had absolute NO stretch to it. 'How will this ever pull over my bust?' I thought to myself, as I yanked it on. After wrestling with the dress for a few moments, I noticed there is a ZIPPER under one of the arm holes. I love the structure that the zipper and inflexible waistband give. It's a refreshing take on your standard inexpensive maxi dress, and it was a nice touch.


Speaking of nice touches, how great are pockets? Not only is this dress pretty (I have been wearing it for an hour and have been complemented three times already), but it's well-made and it is functional! This office manager always has a post-it pad, pen, and keys on her, and now I have pockets to tote everything around.


All in all, a very solid buy. I am considering buying it in a few other colors, too! Definitely recommend.


