I love this dress!!!  I got the XXL and I am a size 20 with a DD chest.  The fabric and design is great!!  I am sad they only have 4 designs in this dress!  As other reviews say, the black and white actually has some tan and purple hues to the flowers but I think it makes it even more pretty!


Cute dress. Love the look and feel of this dress. Convenient pockets. Not see through. Flattering. I bought this in a 3XL.  I wear an 18/20 and am 5'10 and the length is perfect. Sits low ankle.  Stretchy and super comfy. Goes where you go. No pulling or tugging. Pretty colors. Has a hidden side zipper under the left arm down to the empire waist. I didn't know the zipper was there since you can pull this dress on. Will buy more.


It came with a piece of the zipper pulled up and stabbing me in the side but once I cut that piece of metal off with a nail clipper, the dress works wonderfully. I'm 5'5'', small chested, and wide hipped and this dress works very well with these proportions. It just grazes the top of my shoes (you can see socks if you're wearing socks) so I don't trip on the dress when walking. I am a little concerned that the fabric around the zipper appears to be stretched thinner and it makes me think that it will rip rather quickly. That being said, I'd definitely order this again in another color. I mean, it has pockets! And it doesn't gape in the front as much as most other V-necks do on me. A lot of clothing in the last few years has become see-through due to the fabric being so thin and I did not encounter that issue with this dress.


I bought so many dresses for a wedding we were attending. NOTHING fit me. This one was perfect! The fabric is light and flowy & it even has pockets. It was slightly large in the chest (which never happens because I'm very large in the chest) but I just penned it & it worked fine. A pretty lace camisole would work well. I may just put a couple of small stitches instead. I received several compliments on it. I would absolutely buy this again.


The Floral-03 and the Floral-04 design are the EXACT SAME DRESS! or at least the 2 that came to my house were. Otherwise they were very flattering, I am 5'9" and pear shaped and my only complaint is the dresses ended at my ankle. #tallgirlproblems I wore the black and white floral one yesterday and got loads of compliments at the grocery store and from dinner guests.


I just got this packaged dropped off at my door and immediately tried it on!


It is to die for. The material is not cheap and it has some weight to it. It is not see-through in any way.


The only thing that is not stretchy on the dress is the waistline. So make sure that you have your size correct before ordering.


I'm about 5' 2" and usually wear large t-shirts and x-large bottoms so for me a large was the perfect size.


The length of the dress goes all the way to the floor floor for me so I will have to wear some type of wedge or something with a little heal so I don't trip over myself.


I love this dress for everyday wear and I can see why so many ladies are wearing it to weddings and photo shoots. It really is gorgeous in person. So glad I pulled the trigger on this purchase!


I was so pleasantly surprised! It's a stretchy spandex-like material so it gives some. I sized up because i didn't want to have it be too small. It fit perfect and maybe even a little big. I'm a true 2xl by the measurements but was nervous about my hops so I sized up and got the 3xl. The reviews are pretty accurate. The dress is comfy, flattering fir curvier girls, and the pockets are great! Only thing was it was on the shorter side. I'm 5'5" and the dress is right at floor length with no shoes on. But again, I'm curvy. Overall live the dress for the price and will likely buy more!


Bought this dress to wear to a funeral and really loved it! Got several compliments! Downfalls is that there was a hole in the pocket when I got it... not a huge deal though because I can just sew it up myself. I saw many people say to order a size up so I did and wish I would have stayed with my true size. I'm normally around a size 16. Length was great! It went to my ankles! I am 5' 6".


I ordered this dress as I wanted some nicer clothes I could easily nurse my LO in. While it would certainly work as a nursing dress I found the quality to not meet my expectations based on other reviews. The material was not as soft as I'd hoped & was more sheer than I was led to believe. When I tried bending over in it (as if to pick up LO) the material in the top would stretch out & it was possible to see my nude bra & moles on my back through the material. I don't think the skirt was see through, but with all of the odd motions & pulling on my clothes with LO I wasn't comfortable with the sheerness of the material when it would stretch. I'm 5' 6" 140 lbs. & 34D & was a tad big in the shoulders & bust, just right at the waist & a tad short (above my ankle bones).  I also found the pattern to be a bit too matronly for me (I ordered Floral-02). It would be nicer if they could mix a solid on top with the floral prints to give it a bit of a visual break, but the complete floral pattern reflects a different era in style.


I really liked pockets & that it would've worked as a nursing dress for a decent price, but it just didn't match my preferences in the end.


Holy smokes. I'm officially obsessed with this dress! It fit exactly as expected, is flowy and light, and IT HAS POCKETS! It's the best of all worlds when it comes to maxi dresses for us plus size ladies. I want one in every color now!


