I love this dress and it's exactly what I expected (actually more than I expected for the cost). I pored over almost every review to figure out the sizing, and ordered an XXL. Since it helped me so much to know others' sizes, I'll add mine- I'm 5'6" and 210lbs, 38D bust and the fit is perfect.


I love it


We bought this for my daughter's character report on the book "Brooklyn".  We loved it so much that it has become a regular rotation in her and my wardrobe.  Pros- The fit is nice, the cut is flattering, and the color is beautiful.  Cons- The material is a little thin (but is good for the price point)  A separate petticoat will have to be purchased to make it stand out like it does in the picture. We ordered one for around $10 on Amazon.


It feels a bit cheaper than I expected. You know those kind of thin, cotton, homemade clothes without any interior comfort layer? It's like that. But it DOES fit well and looks pretty cute.


If you have a thing for tights, I would wear it with a slip. The dress has a tendency to catch on tights and ride up. The dress does not have belt loops, so you can position the belt however you like.


Wasn't even close to being my size. I realize that most people said true to size, but that is a blatant lie. This dress is very pretty, but it's not true to size at all. I ordered a size larger than I normally wear to account for certain assets and it was still too small. Do not order if you're top-heavy.


I ordered this dress on a whim... I read the previous reviews so I ordered my dress larger than I normally would. It fits wonderfully!! I'm 5'4" and I weigh about 225... I ordered a XXL.


The dress arrived in a nice individual package. It was well made and it fit as expected...I have a butt so I was worried about it rising in the back and I didn't notice it at all. I wear a 36-38D bra and it fit well around my chest. The dress is fitted and flared perfectly!!


Totally going to buy more!!


Love my vintage retro dress all I need in one, feminine, modest, lite cotton, beautiful summer dress...just make sure you purchase the right size...I'm a size #12... the xl worked just fine on me.


You will not be disappointed with this dress. It is honestly fantastic. I am 5'7"and wear a 38F. I am used to buying dresses and tops extra large to fit the girls - so I got the 3XL as I am planning on wearing this to an all day wedding and I didn't want to deal with anything tight or uncomfortable at all. The 2 XL would have been fine but I like that there is absolutely nothing that is stretched tight when wearing the 3XL


Bought this dress as a last resort for my Easter dress. I absolutely love it. I ordered the medium and it fits perfect. I am 5'6.5"  34" waist, 36.5" bust 143 lbs.  The royal blue color is beautiful. I can't wait to order more. I also purchased the slip for added volume in the skirt.


I'm just going to list pros and cons to make it easy.


Cons


- Horrible, flimsy zipper. It will not zip smoothly. If you unzip it all the way it is almost impossible to zip up.


- Cap sleeves and arm holes uneven. One side of dress fit perfectly. The other side cap sleeve was inch shorter and the arm hole was so much larger you could see 3-4 inches of my bra


Pros


- Pattern on fabric just as shown. Nice quality fabric


- I wore a sweater over the dress and was still able to wear it for event I purchased it for. The skirt was lovely.


