The dress runs slightly small, but still a good purchase.  You will definitely need to iron it or take to the cleaners if you want a crisp wrinkle-free look.


Nice dress. Sturdy. Great price. Lots of compliments. Wear with or without a petticoat. I like that I can ditch the petticoat for the summer and it will look good. Has actual sleeves. Belt is removable and not wrinkled. I bought several patterns. I'm wearing 2xl. 190lbs. 38dd bra, 45 bust, 37 waist, 48 hips.


This dress is super cute! Can be dressed up or down! The fabric is nice as well. This was a quick buy I needed a dress for a family photoshoot I bought about 7 dresses n this was the winner even over a $200 dress!


This dress is adorable. I wore a petticoat underneath.


I absolutely love this dress!!! It fit me perfectly and I got so many compliments! I will definitely be ordering other colors. I'm 5'9, bust size 38C, and I'm a size 12 so I ordered an XL. I even had a little extra room in the dress.


Beautiful kelly green!!  im a size 12 jeans & 38D chest..  this dress fit a little tight around the bust.  I ordered in a XL & 2XL and there wasnt any difference.


I'm 5'8 with a 45" bust ,35"waist and got the dress In a 3X and in Burgundy. It fits really well with the stretch material but needs to be ironed before every wear and can stain pretty easily.


I bought this dress for my gf! She Loved it! And so did I. The material is of good quality. The fit was prefect. She wears a 14 so I went with a 2xl and it was spot on! She is wearing a petticoat underneath. But looked nice without it as well. MUST BUY!


Perfect fit


I was interning at a nursing home and my position required that I was always in professional attire.  The residents of the home responded positively to my style of dress so I decided to amp it up and dress in a more retro style.  Everyone loved when I wore this dress. Most of them said it reminded them of 'I Love Lucy' and many fun conversations were had that day.


I used the seller's sizing chart and I ordered a Medium. (I'm 5'6", 145lbs with a muscular/toned body Measurements: 34DD/26/36).  I could have ordered a small but I wanted to have a bit of room in the waist. (I also purchased a tutu/petticoat for the added fullness. I also replaced the matching belt with a length of red ribbon for the color contrast effect.)


