This is my 4th dress from the company. I love them! The only thing is that the zippers sometimes get stuck. That’s why the 4 stars.... other than that? They are lovely


GOOD MATERIAL WORTH THE MONEY. IM RETURNING FOR A SLIGHTLY SMALLER SIZE. I ORDERED A LARGE.


IM 5FT1 150LBS


34DDD


30 WAIST


40 HIP


I FEELS A LITTLE BIG IN THE WAIST. MAYBE ILLL KEEP IT AND TAKE IT IN A LIL.


I loved my dress! It fit perfectly. I would order from this seller again.


Absolutely beautiful dress! Fit exactly as size chart indicated, very modest and flattering knee length dress. Daughter received SO many compliments. Few friends asked for link to buy one for their daughters too. Will be ordering more in different colors and patterns.


INCREDIBLY THIN MATERIAL!! please be warned if you are a busty girl like I am that this material is not entirely opaque as it seems on the picture. The color is nice, but the quality is not what I was expecting.


Got a lot of compliments.


However, I trusted the reviews and chose a size up than I normally would. After a few washes, the chest area of the dress starts to feel a little bit “loose.”


Also as other reviews mentioned, it needs to be ironed to look crispy and wrinkleless.


After all, it’s definitely worth the money, but next time I would invest more money for a better fit, an extra layer underneath the dress and an easier-to-maintain material.


I was pleasantly surprised as to how well it fit me considering I am larger at the waist and do not wear a lot of belts accessorized clothing. I will buy again in some of the other pretty colors.  I really liked it!! I bought the navy blue polka dot.


This dress fits exactly as described and true to size.  It does not fit tightly or hug to your body.  It has fluid movement and is beautiful on.  I would definitely recommend the fit, style and dress.


Love this dress and got a lot of compliment.  I normally where a 12 and ordered xl which is comfortable.  I large maybe just snug.  Love it.


My regular size is XX  its a good thing that I bought a size larger XXX and it fits perfect.  The material is  good but the color is dark brown not coffee.


