cute though! Wearing for mothers day. In defense of the dress- I lost about 20 pounds since I purchased it. I would say that the fit is true to size. Buy the size you actually wear. I always struggle with that when shopping on line. It is a cute dress though. Looks like the picture.Hoping I can get my bow to look like that!


The prints on the dress look exactly like in the picture. No color differences, I liked that. The material however is pretty thin and it has a strong smell that I dislike. You'll have to wash it before you can wear it. The material is a little bit stretchy, which is good in case you are a little thicker than the measurements of the size you pick. I bought this in a Large and I think I should have gotten a Medium instead. The top area at the bust and shoulders area is a bit baggy on me and the waist line of the dress falls at point where my torso ends and my legs start. So I think large isn't my size, not for this dress anyway. The skirt is flared enough but I think wearing an underskirt will make it look better.


I'm over 60 with an hour-glass figure so I thought the fitted bodice would be nice but the zipper wouldn't go all the way up. The way the seaming is around the chest is not for sagging breasts; only perky boobs...may be why I couldn't zip it up.


This is such a cute dress, I bought it for my black dahlia costume but I will definitely be wearing it again. Fit as expected, I'm 5'3" 145 athletic build, 34D The medium fit perfectly.


Used this dress for a Halloween costume. First of all excellent price for a solid quality product. Fabric was a little cheap to wear to say a wedding but great for costume/theme wear. Excellent fit. Excellent packaging. Good customer service. Quality craftsmanship/ sewing/ tailoring for such an inexpensive dress. Very impressed.


I love this dress!  I will definitely purchase a few more to add to my wardrobe.  When I opened the package I was not impressed but after putting the dress on with the petticoat I purchased, it was just the look I was shooting for.  The fit was true to size.  I got so many compliments, from men and women.  I attended2 parties that evening and at each upon entering I got so many compliments.  The fabric is decent quality, great price & great purchase.


I loved this dress! It was comfortable and arrived 2 days early. It looks good with or without the belt. I wear a 14/16 and ordered a xl. Would definitely buy from seller again. I wish they had more colors.


This is a great dress!! Someone stopped me on the street to ask me where I got this cute dress. My husband bought it for me and when I saw the Amazon order I was tempted to dislike it. When it arrived and I tried it on, I fell in love! I wore it with some nice heels and used a different black belt with an appliqué! It's a super cute must buy dress every woman should own. True to size.


The material is thin and doesn't flare out the way it does in the picture. The sizing is also for a curvy shape.  I'm 5'5, 140 pounds, with an athletic shape.  The large was a little big in the waist, but was huge on top and in the hips.  It was also long on me - past my knees.  If you have a bigger bust/hips and add a petticoat, I can see this being really cute, but it wasn't for me.


I received lots of compliments when I wore this dress to a 1950's party.  I was very pleased that it fit.  I was able to swing dance in it, but I would have preferred it a little looser in the rib cage area.  It seemed cut very small though there.  The quality is quite good, especially for the price.


