This dress is super cute. I'm 5'4" tall,  153 lbs. and I have a hourglass shape. I ordered the large thinking it would be just right. Not the case! Returned for a medium and fits just right. Great quality and reasonably priced. Would definitely buy from them again.


This dress fit great, I normally wear a 10/12 and got a large and it fit fine. Just a little big in the neckline. The bow was not tied when it arrived and I couldn't make it look nice so I didn't wear it. I bought a petticoat and thought it looked great. Would definitely buy again.


I absolutely LOVED THE DRESS. I purchased the petticoat and I’m glad I did. I am 5’3 and I weigh 168. A little thicker around the middle. The large was a tad bit small. I am a 38C in the chest and the extra large dress was perfect.  Definitely a winner


I really love this dress! I typically have issues with clothing being too large, so I was surprised when this turned out to be a little snug, but it really created a more perfect fit for my body type (tall/very slim purchased a small). I was very pleased with the length of the dress. The fabric feels sturdy, and held up fine thru first wash/dry/ironing.


Good Product for the price


It is even more beautiful in person! It fits just right and I will be buying another. :)


I LOVE this dress. The only thing that bothers me is how that it feels made the neck area but that's an ASD issue on my end more than anything. It's so cute, and not overly cheap. I get so many compliments when I wear it.


Perfect fit it’s a stretchy material so I ordered my size


Good for the price. Personally it hugs around my armpits and is uncomfortable there. It also tends to rise up a bit.


the neckline is weird.  It pouches out.  Not happy with it.


Wore it once but will not wear it again.


Beautiful dress, the burgundy was very nice, material is thin, but once ironed, lovely.  We purchased a crinoline to go underneath it. My daughter didn't think she would like it, as she doesn't like anything "poofy" but it was just right amount of poof and she loved it.


