I cannot say enough about how much I love this dress! The fit is perfect, the color, while I believe is called "army green" is actually more of a gorgeous kelly green that is perfect for Christmas, St. Patrick's Day, or any day. I wear mine with the white Dressystar 26" Underskirt petticoat/crinoline and the shape is absolute perfection. I will also leave the petticoat off and top with a jacket or a cardigan and slim belt for a more understated classy wear-to-the-office look.


The material is a nice quality, medium-weight cotton--another pleasant surprise for the price! Expect a few wrinkles right out of the package but give it a quick steam or light iron and it's crisp and ready to wear.


This dress is definitely versatile enough to go from day to night with the right accessories. So much so that I'm planing on buying several more colors--it's just that lovely!


Nice material. Kind of thin but that's what I was looking for in Florida. I'll be trying a different pattern though. This flower one looks like cheap curtains. It has a comfortable, accurate fit so order according to the chart and you're fine. I normally wear a 12, 5 ft 145lbs, 36C bust. The waist falls a little low on me cuz I'm a short torso. I could size down for a more snug fit. The fabric has stretch.


This is a beautiful dress! I wore it to a wedding gorgeous yellow


this is a perfect fit for an hour glass shape.  I was so excited when I tried it on.  very flattering in all the right places.  Has just a little stretch which is great.  I will be ordering more of this style.  Was delivered within the expected time frame.  this is going to be perfect for the outdoor wedding i am attending this weekend.


This is a beautiful dress.I got the navy plaid. The material has some give to it and a bit of shine as well. I am 5'0 tall so it goes a bit below the knee but not too long. The fit is what I expected, as I have a fairly wide rib cage for my height and many tops and dresses are snug if I do not go up a size. If you prefer roomier dresses order a size larger than your regular size but if you are fine with it being form fitting on top you can likely order your normal size. I will definitely order more dresses in different colors.


I love this dress, I just ordered the wrong size so I'm returning for a smaller size.  I went with the 2XL as I figured with it being cotton it would be better to have it a little bigger for breathing room (my measurements 41" bust, 35" waist).  The waist was great, very comfortable, not too loose.  But the top was huge, I had probably 4-5 inches extra in the shoulders/bust area.  I'm small shouldered so I hope going a size down will fit.  So order your true inches, don't add extra inches for "breathing room".


Dress fit PERFECTLY!  Runs true to size.  Take your measurements and use the chart.  I'm a size 12 and loved the fit.  Bought a petticoat to wear underneath to add that flair I wanted.  Highly recommended.  It's so cute I think I'll wear it to work as well.  Originally bought it for my Halloween costume (1950's housewife, see pic)


This dress was very nice, but it didn't fit well across my back. The dress bulged across my mid back and I'm busty so I think a smaller size would have been better, but I feared a smaller size would have been to tight across my bust. It would have been a lose lose for me.


I bought this dress for a formal event my 17 year old daughter was attending this holiday season. She is not into glitz and sequence...this dress was perfect for her and for the occasion. She is 5'2" and about 125 lbs. I bought her the XS. It fit like a glove. I bought a black crinoline for her to wear under it. I'm a bit obsessed with the vintage Audrey Hepburn style dresses, and this one does not disappoint. Very well made with a nice sturdy material. A low heat iron removes wrinkles. She wore it with strappy velvet heels. Darling! I like this dress because it could be dressed up or down.


This dress right here is PERFECT on me and I wear size 14/16.  It was comfortable, sexy and beautiful dress.  My husband LOVED this dress on me.  I would encourage anyone who wants the Nostalgia style yet still  modern look, purchase this dress. The price was reasonable too. I may purchase this in another color.  Yes, I loved it that much.


