Dress was very cheap and the zipper was broken


I love this dress so much fit perfectly n i was so excited to wear it last night to our christmas party... on the way to the party the zipper at th back snap n i was shocked my husband pullover n he told me the zipper wer ruin....OMG i was devastated i was angry upset n i wanna cry in anger we are 45 mins from our house n were running late so we went back home n didnt attend the party... this dress just ruin everything...


OMG! I can't believe the fantastic quality, fit (and flare) of this dress. Bought it for my daughter who loves all things vintage style and it looks fantastic on her. Loved it so much I'm back to buy a second one, for myself!!!


Love this dress. I received many compliments!


i looked at the reviews they had said the dress ran very small so first my daughter tried the 2x even thought she is normally a 12-14 size it was way to big so we tried then a xl it did not seem to be any smaller. Another girl in the bridal party tried a Medium and her size is normally between children size and small adult but the Medium claimed to fit. Well we just ordered the Large wish us luck that it does fit this time as it would be the 3x returning the dress. I have to admit the refund was fast and getting the new one is normal prime time.


Know for the quality of the dress i hate to say it but you get what you pay for. It is a cute dress its the material that is not the best but all the girls in my daughters bridal party was having a financial problem and it was affordable to them. We figure can try and do something to make it look better. In fact my soon to be bride decided to have girls get white sneakers yes sneakers and use petal pink and silver glitter on them to make the dress stand out but take away from the material of it and have all in one. It is a outdoor wedding on a huge field so it will be just right.


My friend and I ordered these as bridesmaid dresses for our best friends wedding. Everything stuck to the dress and they wrinkled really easily. They also fit us wrong. However, they are cute and not uncomfortable.


Nice dress just fits a little small.


Would've liked the dress, but it didn't come with the bow pictured and the zipper would constantly get stuck. Sending it back.


Amazing dress, I love it so much! Very flattering


It's a cute dress but don't like the fabric


