Absolutely gorgeous! But I hate ironing, so this dress is a pain. Needs ironing right out of the packaging (and every washing thereafter!).


The sleeves on this dress were horrible. They cut right into your shoulders. The green was a good color but, the size was much too small and I ordered the largest size.


So cute! I’ve bought many of these vintage type dresses from amazon and most of them are not good. Ill fitting, cheap fabric, etc. but this one is 95% cotton, well made, and fits great. I usually get XL in these dresses (I’m a 10-12 in regular sizes). This was ever so slightly too big. But an L would have been too tight, I think. They are so inexpensive, it might be worth it to get tailored for perfect fit.


My wife loves the dress.  A little tight due to the sleeves but she liked it a lot.


I love love this dress. The feel and fit was very comfortable. I'm sold on this product.


This dress fit really well.  I did have to order up two sizes from I typically purchase in the store (ex: at Express I wear a Large and ordered an XXL in this dress).  It fit well and was very comfortable.  I loved the neckline


Love it! Fabric appears to be of good quality.  Colors vivid and pattern very sharp.  I look forward to wearing it.  I think my friends will be surprised as I have lived in solid black clothing  for a long time.  Subaru


This is a great dress. I bought it in black and It fits as expected and the quality is as you would expect.  You can dress it up for a wedding with accessories or down to a day or night date.  I highly recommend getting the petticoat for full affect if you want it for a dressier occasion.


Beautiful dress; fabric is soft and has a nice sheen. Can be dressed up for more formal occasions with the right accessories. Would be good for work, also. I ordered the crinoline slip with this, and the advantage is a slimmer-looking waistline. I would order this again.


Very bulky & roomy in the chest area... unless you have the curves to fill it.... but to go down a size would make the waist too small....


