Very cute. Loved the shape. Very flattering. I wear a size 14 and ordered an XL


I ordered the Large size.  I usually wear a US 10 or 12.  The top of the dress is way too large but the waist fits fine.  I will be returning it.  For sake of comparison, I am 5'3", 157lbs, broad shoulders, thick biceps, my chest is 36" (one side is a C cup and the other is a D cup) and I have a thick waist on a curvy body.  The pattern is really pretty and it does look cute but it's just not right for my proportions, I suppose.  The belt doesn't have any loops, so it's just a loose belt you tie around as you please but nothing holds it in place.  Lightweight material, barely there, appropriate for Summer.  If the top fit right, I'd totally keep it.


The color I ordered (royal blue) is identical to what was pictured, the fit is exactly what was on the chart, and the wrinkles iron out in a snap.  With my crinoline, it gives me the appearance of being shapely vice...well, being not shapely.  And breathing is super easy in this dress, which it isn't in a lot of vintage cases. Love love LOVE this dress.


I was kind of hoping the bow would be ready-tied, for us non-artistic types, but I am sure I can figure it out.  Can't wait to knock some socks off with this dress!


So I am 5'2 and 121 pounds. I've had five kids though, so my figure isn't perfect by any means. I bought a small and a medium just because I wasn't sure which one would fit me best. My bust is very small and fits the small dress. The medium dress is too big in the bust for me, but perfect in the waist and hips. The small was too tight in the waist (though I could probably zip it, just would be so tight as to not be flattering), but fine in the hips. So I'm keeping the medium, despite the bust issue.


As to the dress style itself, it is very flattering with or without a petticoat. The one I bought is light blue fabric with pink flowers, and is quite pretty. The length is per the for my height, and would be fine for someone a tad taller...not sure about how I would feel if it were longer on me. The sash is removable and a nice touch. The fabric for this particular color is not see through; I don't think I'd need a slip.


I just received my dressed, delivered from UPS. I was so excited in trying on my dress. . Viewing the measurements, I ordered a size Medium. Uhh Uhh, waaaay too small. I could not pull up the zipper from the middle of my back. I weigh 144LBS/63", and this dress was still too small. If I went out and had a meal, the dress gives me no room to consume a meal into my small belly. I really love this dress; unfortunately, I am having to return it. Pump da breaks, lol, I will be RE-ORDERING this beautiful simple dress; but, in an X-LARGE. I need some room in my clothing for flexibility and simple walking.


Fits comfortably. A lot of ironing, but the material was breathable & soft. Very satisfied with this purchase!!


I am 5'7", 125 lbs and a 32B. I got a small and I immediately fell in love when I put it on! I have a hard time finding dresses that are long enough, and the dress is a little past my knees which is perfect. I feel that the length was worth noting for petite girls bc you might have to get it taken in a bit. It is a little big in the chest area for me but that's my only complaint. I've never taken the time to write a review but this dress definitely deserves to be my first review!!


This dress is adorable. Came in two days with prime shipping. The bag was labeled with the brand name and was nicely packaged. I put it on and it fits like a glove. I ordered a medium because I am a bit broad in the shoulder and chest area. I'm 5'6, 125lbs and wear a 36/38 C. It starts to get a bit bigger on my as is gets to my ribs but he skirt being full and having the sash will hide that plus I plan on wearing the krinolin slipbwith it. The material is stiff but has a nice sheen to it and should iron up nicely. The bow is tough but wih a little practice I think it will hold up well. I am very pleased with he quality and price of this dress and I wish I had more places to wear them cause I would get one in every color.


I can't say enough about how much I love this dress.  I wore it at Disney and had many, many people stop to compliment me.  My husband loved me in it too and said how pretty it looked on. My father even commented how well it fit.  I'm usually a size 4 (bust 32B) and this XS fit perfectly.  The fabric has a bit of a stretch to it. The only draw back is that the dots don't match up on either side of the zipper, which was not an issue for me but something my daughter pointed out.  It looked like I paid WAY more than I did.  Gorgeous dress.  I wouldn't hesitate to buy it!


Got this dress in the black and white skulls print.....Adorable!  Ordered it in the 2X size. I'm about 2" bigger in the bust, and about 3" bigger in the waist than the measurements listed for that size by the vendor, but the dress fits me as if it was custom made. I just better not gain any weight , because there isn't much extra room.  Everything is sewn neatly, and there is even a care label in the skirt seam. Don't see many of those from the other vendors, even though I think they are supposed to have them if sold in the U.S.A.  The material is thin, but not see through, and looks nice with or without a petticoat. With a petticoat is more dressed up, without the petticoat is more casual. It feels like it will be comfortable in the summer heat, very breathable, and has a little bit of stretch for comfort.  It hits me just below my knees, and I'm 5'3" . I'm shortwaisted, and the torso fits me perfectly, so if you have a longer torso, this would fit you like an empire style, I think.  It came out of the bag relatively unwrinkled, but I'm going to iron it with a little spray starch to give it a nice crisp finish. It's not necessary, just my personal preference.  I usually wear an XL, so I would suggest ordering up one size.  Highly recommend this dress and vendor. I would definitely order from them again.


