I am 5'8" and 205. I generally wear an 18/20 in dresses but went up to a 3X with this style. Still a bit tight if you happen to have extra in tummy area but otherwise a good fit.


Fits well.  Washes and hang dry with minimal wrinkling.  Will need edges starched and ironed/personal preference.  Lightweight material.


Beautiful dress but the only thing is that there is zero wiggle room with the fabric. It literally does not streatch at all. Once I manage to get it on it fits great, but the sternum area is tight when pulling the dress over your head. Buying a size up might have been ok but I am very petite and most likely would have had it taken in if I went a size up.


My daughter looks amazing in this. She's a size jr 3-5 and we ordered a small


Perfect, even the bust fit me and usually the area would be too small for someone of my size.


All of these match the leggings!  Massive headnods from the church ladies!  This is the second year of these purchases & I can see buying them a third year!


I normally wear a size 18. I wear a 40G bra. I ordered the XXXL. This dress has no stretch. I will fit a size 14 perfect. The dress quality is great. It is a gorgeous dress with a great price. It did not work for me but it may work for you.


I am 5'7" and weigh 136.  Usually wear a size 6 but bought the size 8 and can barely get it on. Also the cut is a little awkward.


I bought the size xs for a Halloween costume.  I am 5'3" and the dress is right at my knees.  I usually wear size 24 pants so the waist is perfect.  The bust on the dress is unrealistically large for an xs dress.  The dress is unlined and since it's for a costume, I took it in on the sides myself (I'm not a seamstress) and it fits better.  Overall I'm happy with the dress!


I think the dress is missized and I loved it.  I ordered a 2X in another dress and it was small but  not as small as this one.  I am returning this dress but I would really like a larger size or see if the size was marked incorrectly.  I need it for St. Patrick's Day.  Please help me.


