This dress fits true to size. 5'5, 115lbs, ordered size small. Measurements in photos are accurate. I ordered the tutu as well and it does add a little something.


And flattering! Would have given 5 stars but it cuts into the shoulder when you raise your arms. Will have to add a godet there.


I love it, The only problem is I dried it on really low heat and it shrunk a fair amount. I was in a hurry so didn't have time to air dry, bummer. It still fits, but the zipper now bubbles a little and it is an inch or two shorter then it started.


Dress is cute, price is great, but it runs small compared to other dresses of similar style/price on Amazon. I'd order up one size.


I purchased this dress for my God-daughter's Tiffany & Co, themed birthday party.  I must say this dress is absolutely more beautiful in person.  It was a perfect fit, the color was vibrant, very close to the actual Tiffany signature color.


I ordered this dress in blue and green- arrived in time but poorly packaged and as a result unwearable without ironing. On a positive note, the material is decent but the stitching and sizing is inconsistent. There is a 2 inch difference in the two dresses (same size) in length and more than an inch in the bust and waist. Also, one of the dresses came without a belt. Disappointed to say the least, definitely expected better from Amazon.


Bought for my daughter to wear in a play. It fit well and held up.  The sewing was a bit rough but couldn't tell at first glance.


My wife really likes the dress a lot she said that she had gotten  a lot of compliments when she worn it to work, She said that she likes the way it fits that it is very comfortable. It’s a very pretty dress.


Great Dress. Super comfortable, execpt the zipper is uncomfortable on my spine, when sitting, for some reason. But super cute


I love the design, it is exactly as the pictures showed. I only had a slight issue with the zipper catching at the waist line but ither than that this dress is perfect.


