This dress looks fantastic. I love it. I wore it on a recent cruise and got many compliments.


I ordered two dresses and followed the size guide. They fit perfectly and left space for an underskirt. They arrived in time and in perfect space saving bags which made packaging lite. Definitely purchasing more dresses soon.


This dress is okay. It runs small. The dress had a viniger smell, I had to steam it for a while and spray it to remove the smell. It was hard to get the wrinkles out. The bow isn't like the picture. I bought it a size larger and I had trouble zipping it.


I ordered the dress for a very special occasion. I wore red heels with it & I had endless compliments! I loved it. Perfect for. I wear a size 3 & ordered my size fits like a glove.


I absolutely love this dress. Great fit, very nice quality fabric, wearing it makes me happy! I usually wear a small but the XS was perfect, The fabric provides a little stretch.


Got the dress today.. has a hole in the middle .. very disappointed.


Perfect, the color is a little deeper than the image but still perfect for Easter sunday


The dress looks nice, but has a construction issue. There is a horizontal seam goes from one side of the zipper around the dress to the other side of the zipper. When you put the dress on and the zipper is below the seam, the zipper won’t zip up any higher than that seam. To put the dress on, you have to unzip the dress to above that seam in order to zip it up easily.


A very cute dress that fit really well. I just have one downside and that is, it wrinkles easily. You can get them out with an iron but it just takes some work. I thought it was worth it!! Got lots of compliments.


I am usually somewhere between a small and a medium. I ordered the white dress with black polka dots and the green one, one small one medium. The medium one fit much better but I can still fit into the small even though it's a little on the tight side. This dress is so cute and comfortable and perfect for summertime.


