This dress came exactly as advertised. I am wearing it for a bridal party and it looks just like the picture. It came savagely wrinkled so it will need ironing and I will probably buy a different colored bow for it, but otherwise it's fine. The bust is a bit tight. I ordered a medium and it fits me, it's just a bit difficult to get over the chest (and I have nothing to brag about in that department lol) so it will require care when putting it on before the wedding.


This dress is so pretty, very modest and feminine. I first ordered a Medium, but exchanged for a Large. I have a large rib cage and shoulders, so I never know which will fit...and I usually guess wrong. I returned the Medium with no problems, and ordered the Large at the same time. I bought two...The red with small black polkadot and the navy with white polkadots.


Finally wore the red dress and everyone thought it was beautiful and classy.


Cute dress. It fit normally in some areas and other areas were too big, mainly the sleeves and the neckline. The fabric wasn't as soft as I had thought it would be either. It was also pretty thin fabric. This picture shows the dress much more fluffed up than the actual dress is. I'd say that that if you want it like the picture you should get a petticoat to go under it.


I adore this dress. I was a little hesitant at first about the size, but after reading the reviews and looking at the sizing chart I decided to go a size up from L to XL and it fits perfect. Awesome price for the dress, will need to order in some others colors


I loved this dress. I ordered it for a Mad Men party. I wore black gloves and a black petticoat. It fit well, seemed well made and was perfect. I think I will actually wear it without the petticoat as a normal dress.


I'm about 5'7 and 145lbs and rather large busted and the medium fit perfectly.


I did not receive the product I thought I was getting. It looked much cheaper and was tiny fit.


I'm normally a small but I found that the medium fit better so it wasn't so tight. I loved it so much! I got the fluffy thing underneath so it puffed out. I would suggest this if you want it to look more 50s. Washed in machine, hung to dry. Didn't even need to iron. Colors stayed true. Fabric is not too stiff. Wore with cheap white canvas shoes colored with permanent marker to look like saddle shoes.


These are adorable dresses.  They are narrow in the mid-back which makes them hard to zip and because the material is fairly inexpensive, it seems this may cause quick strain at the seams.  The did not work for me, though I wanted them to desperately, because of the mid-back and tightness across the chest.  I'm a 40DD/DDD so if you are similarly blessed, this dress may be challenging for you.


Really cute dress! Will need to be washed and ironed before wearing out. I usually wear a medium (US size 8), so i ordered a large. It fits perfectly except a little loose in the top but not noticeable. That was expected because i have a small bust. Measurements are 37-33-41. Dress does not have belt loops but overall happy with the purchase!


The medium was too big and the small just right despite the fact that my waist measurement is 29". I love the design and fabric and can't wait to wear this dress with crinoline to a costume party and on its own anytime.


