This is the cutest dress. I love the knee length and flowy design. I'm normally a med but I ordered a large and it fits perfect. A med would probably fit but would probably be pretty snug. Go a size up from where you are. I'm very happy with this dress.


I ordered this dress Wednesday and got it Friday. Fits perfectly. I 'm 5'2" and weigh about 175. I'm very curvy and busty. I purchased the XXL one and it looks like it was specially made for my curves and bust line. I'm definitely going to order more dresses. It comes down pass my knees about two inches. I purchased the red petticoat to go under it to give it some volume. The dress material is kinda shiny satiny material.Lightweight and comfortable.


This dress could have been so much better if the zipper wasn't junk and broke off the first time I tried to try the dress on upon receipt. The dress also has a weird seam which the zipper gets stuck on.


Absolutely lovey. Wore this for my Christmas dinner with the in-laws, and it was perfect. It's an emerald green, rather than forest green. It hit above my knees standing (at 5'9) and the bow is a separate piece of cloth, which is nice if you want to move it to your back or other side.


Love the look & fit ordered up a size


I Wear size 10 in dresses ordered large.


I'm 5'10'' skirt came to knee. PERFECT


So pretty! Fit very nicely. Nice and light. Dress is NOT see-through. Skirt is perfect fullness. Only complaint I have is it's easy to get wrinkled and it takes a lot of ironing to get initial wrinkles from packaging out.


The dress I received was 100% polyester, not cotton at all. This is actually what I prefer, so I love the dress. Now I wonder if I should order more or not. I'd like to know what I am getting.


If you are busty, order larger than your normal size.  Very low quality zipper and fabric.  NOT formal - just plain lightweight cotton.  Bought this for a cocktail party and it is more of a church or sundress, not fancy.  Photo looks much better than in real life.


There is no way the 3x is more than a size 14/16.  I usually wear a 20 and ordered a size up (3X).  I could barely get my arms in!  It was sooooo small.  The fabric itself was good quality for the price.  I also ordered it to be delivered the day before my birthday and it arrived 3 days after.  Very disappointed in this purchase.


Nice material and style. I am a petite (5 feet tall; size 6) and the dress is a perfect fit. Length is slightly below my knee as I prefer but might be too short for those of average height.


