This dress is absolutely divine. As seen in the double photo, the pic on the left is with the underskirt and, on the right, it’s without. I’ve also shown a sort of side view in the second pictiure and a close up in the third to show how the bust area fits.


I am totally pleased. I am wearing an XXL. My bust is 38G and I’m presently at 211.2lbs. As I have a large hip, I can get away with wearing the dress with or without the underskirt. My hubby voted for me wearing the underskirt today. It is 26 inches long and light-weight.


The price for this dress is unbeatable and it is well worth it!  I love it so much that I bought it in many other colors and prints. I recommend this dress!!!


I'm 164pounds. 5'4. very curvy.  I ordered a small It was a little hard to get in at first but when I got it on it fit perfectly! Make sure you get the tutu with it!!!!! The dress is cute without it but you won't receive the flare out look you want without the tutu


Wore to my graduation...and it was true to fit. Hugged me in all the right places. What a beautiful dress got the price paid. I am 5'6 1/2 and weigh 170. I brought a medium. I will be ordering more colors.


When I put the dress on I immediately thought I was putting on a hospital gown. Maybe that's just because it was stiff and I ordered the white dress with black polkadots. I didn't end up using the bow belt it came with. I used my own accessories including a petti coat, but I really like the dress. It's a little big in the chest area, but I also have small breasts. I wouldn't mind buying it in other colors and patterns. I'm 5'8, 115lbs, 26" waist and I ordered a small.


This is a pretty cute dress.  I got lots of compliments.  The fabric doesnt have a whole lot of give to it, but it does have a tiny bit.  Just be certain to follow the size chart.  I went by my bust size, which is 40 inches, and it fit pretty good. It looks much cuter with a black peticoat than by itself.  It is machine washable, and the colors stay true in the cool cycle.


The only thing I would change would be to add a side-zip instead of a back zip.


Beautiful dress! Great fit and length. Hits mid knee on my 5'4 daughter and just at the knee on my 5'7 daughter. We own this style in the Cobalt Blue and the sunny yellow color. Very flattering colors on my 14 and 16 year old daughters. They love this style - dressy enough for church or a semi formal dance. They both wear size Small in this dress. Fits both my 5'7 113 pound daughter and 5'4 115 pound daughter almost the same except in length. Classy and stylish!!


I ordered a medium for my daughter.  It was a bit big at first but shrank some (cotton) after washing and drying. It is for a costume and also ordered the under tule garment.


Gorgeous dress, great fit! Perfect for our Florida weather!


I bought this dress in Army Green for a wedding, loved it! The photo is quite accurate in color, the fit is as expected, and the quality is good. The zipper is difficult but that's the only complaint I have. It's fine if you have someone to zip it up for you, and it is possible to zip yourself (just not easy.) I would also note that you definitely need a petticoat to replicate the silhouette shown in the photo. The fabric is thin and lightweight, but it's high quality, well made. Good fabric for warmer weather especially.


I am 5'2", with a 29" waist, small bust. I ordered in a size small, it fit perfectly. Nicely fitted at the waist, not too tight around the shoulders and bust. I imagine on someone with a larger bust or shoulders the size small would be a bit more fitted around the shoulders. I got a lot of compliments, and the way the dress twirled on the dance floor was so much fun!


I also made a new sash to swap out for the ceremony.


Nice material, great fit. It's such a pretty dress. I bought it for a 50s party but I wear it to church and out with the girls. Hook it up with different shoes and accessories and ... VOILA! I get tons of compliments every time I wear it. With or without the petticoat, it's super cute! The pictures posted are WITH the petticoat.


