The fit is fantastic! I was expecting it to be either too snug or too big but it was just right and I went by the measurements that were left by the company not buy Amazons general size chart. The material is slightly different than what I was expecting it is very soft but also very easy to wrinkle which is nothing but a little ironing can’t fix so I’m not too bothered by that it’s the exact kind of  cocktail dress that I was needing for an upcoming baby shower and I’m playing hostess so this will fit perfectly with the vintage theme I recommend this stress to anyone who needs a quick cocktail dress something simple and it can either be dressed very down for something very casual or it could easily be dressed up for something that’s a little bit more semi formal .


This dress runs small, so be sure to order based on the size chart the seller provides. I am 5'1", 215 pounds and normally an 18w. I ordered the 3x and it its perfectly. I'm very pleased with it. The fabric is decent for the price, it is actually cotton with a little stretch. I added a petticoat underneath it and am totally thrilled. I will buy more!


I bought this dress because it was inexpensive relative to others I'd seen and I needed something like that for a 1950's style wedding I was officiating. I was not expecting great quality but I was pleasantly surprised. The dress fit exactly as expected. It was comfortable to move in. Overall, it just looked great! I did put a petticoat underneath to floof it up and I got SO many compliments.


Love, love, love this dress.  It required some ironing, but it's a beautiful dress.  Comfortable and a decent price. I like the style and I may purchase a second one in a different color. I am less than 5'1".Since I am short, the length comes slightly above mid-calf. I weigh 165 pounds. Bust 42. Waist 36. I purchased the size XL and it fits beautifully.


This is the first time one of these 50s dresses from China has actually been too *large*!  I bought an L as I usually do for them (5'6", 135 lb, 36c) but it was a bit big. Gaped around the armscyes and the back.  The tie isn't integrated, although it did match the fabric of the dress.  Also, it came with an odd smell and I just don't have time to wash it before I need to wear it.  Sorry, but it's going back.


I am 206 pounds and 5'3" tall I ordered the 3XL and it fits perfectly. Its lightweight fabric with just a touch of stretch to it. I wore a crinoline under it and recommend you wear a slip and possibly a cami under the bodice. I am extremely pleased with my purchase and would highly recommend it to others. The length was perfect as well hitting just below the knee. It's a chocolate brown with fairly large white dots.


The dress fits just as expected when following the size chart. However, the white dress with blue florals is definitely see-through. I had to return it because I wasn't planning on wearing a slip of any kind underneath, and my underwear/bra was showing too much. I will likely end up buying the dress in a different color in the future.


I got a lot of compliments in this dress! The pattern and cut is so cute. It gaped a little in the neck area b/c I am much smaller up top and much wider around the hips. I wish it hit a little higher around my hips, but I think if you're wider up top, this should fit perfectly. Wore a petticoat underneath and it was perfectly poofy.


Zipper is low quality, with crossing my arms over my chest, it split open (and I ordered a size up just to be safe.) There was a strange looseness around the collar line/shoulders although the zipper/torso was extremely tight, which I found odd. Seemed that is my bust was bigger it would have filled out but also wouldn't trust the zipper if that were the case. Fabric is borderline impossible to get wrinkles out of, it took me 45 minutes of ironing to get it decent enough to wear out. I have bought extremely similar dresses from other brands/sellers and would recommend them over this one.


I bought a sweater in cobalt blue and shortened it to end at the waist of the dress.  I had lots of compliments including one person saying I looked like I stepped right out of a magazine.  I was surprised at the quality, as it was rather inexpensive.  It does run a bit small, but the fabric has a little bit of give.


