Oh my goodness, this dress is SO much cuter than I expected. I took a chance on the black with cherries design, thinking that for the price, it wasn’t a huge risk. The fit was perfect. I wear a 14-16 and bought the XL. It fit perfectly on my 5’4” frame. The hem came just below my knees. I cannot remember the last time I looked so stinking cute in a dress that wasn’t a maxi. I also bought a two pack of crinolines but I found that I like the dress better without them. I get why people like the added volume, but I didn’t love it. It  makes for a much more Lucy Ricardo look, but I didn’t want this for cosplay, rockabilly or Halloween. I wanted a cute dress that fits my personal retro/classic style. This is it. It’s comfortable, insanely flattering and surprisingly well made. You can’t beat the price with a stick! So...I’m back to buy FOUR MORE dresses in different colors. I wish there were a few more fabrics in less on-the-nose 50’s patterns. Maybe a few in gingham or plaid. And please, restock the solid black, because girls...GIRLS, this is THE little black dress of dreams. It will go everywhere. Will add pictures soon. Yay!!!!


Exactly what I wanted. Bought a petticoat to go with it later, but was perfect for my gothy Easter outfit. Fits a bit large in the chest but I was aware of that from other reviews.


First off, this dress is very cute! But, it does run small. My 12 year old wanted this so bad for her birthday. I measured her and even though the size chart stated one thing I decided to be safe to go up a size. I am so glad I did. If I had it to do over I would have gone up 2 sizes. She's not overweight by any means. She's 5'1", 120 pounds, but got "blessed" in the chest so it's tighter there than this Mom likes :/


It does wrinkle!


I ordered this only 4 days ago it came already with standard shipping. I was getting it just for a fun derby party birthday for a friend and didn't expect much! I'm pleasantly surprised !!! It it much better quality than I thought it would be, it fits perfectly and I'm thrilled! I ,ya just order another one for a class reunion coming up! I highly recommend the dress and the service! Thank you! I posted the photo later- my friend ordered the one on the left mine is on the right. We loved them for our derby party!


This dress is good quality, it looks just like the picture! Weigh 140 and I ordered a small. My daughter weighs 110 and I ordered an xs for her. We received so many compliments the polka dots compliment the roses it all just was beautiful.


love... fits great... will get some more...true to size... great quality...wore gor my birthday.. got compliments.. 5 star . approve


My Sizes: 43" Bust, 37" waist, 45" hips, and I'm 5'11". I bought the XXL and it fits great. Perfect length. A little loose in the waist area, but I think that's my misproportioned body, I have a tinier waist than my hips and bust so it has a good inch or two that is loose. But the top fits perfectly and it's not too tight in any area. I can move and sit comfortably. The material is sturdy great quality. Thin cotton, It's a little see-through in some areas, not bad, but you can see undergarment lines/color, no problem with a slip and petticoat though! I bought this as a church dress (It's my favorite color!) A little darker in person, like these Amazon rating stars actually. I haven't laundered it yet to know how the material holds up. But will update when I do.


So I read the reviews and ordered up in size, got a 3x when I wear a 1x. I am a DD, this dress fit very tight in the chest. The cap sleeves are nice and loose. The dress is a nice length, I'm 5'5", and it came to just below my knees. Unfortunately I'll be returning this dress because it just didn't feel comfortable in the chest area and it raised the waist divider up to my ribs. This dress doors not have any give, so just keep that in mind when ordering.


I got this dress for a wedding. I bought the “army green” in a size small. The green is brighter than a military olive drab. It’s between forest green and Kelly green maybe? I am 5’6 and 135lbs, and I wear a 34c. I think the bust was a tad tight. I think maybe a medium would allow for more movement and stretching, however the small had a great fit. The picture I took while I was wearing a petticoat under the dress. It added some nice flow and body. Perfect for twirling!! Hope this helps y’all!


