I purchased the XL and I'm an 18. It is tight but I can still wear.  It's really pretty but the zipper has stuck in two places.  I do not have time to exchange as our Christmas party is on the 8th and I want to have it laundered and pressed before.


best dress ever


My friends and I are doing a dapper cosplay of Disney characters and this is the perfect dapper Minnie.  I have a small waist but large hips and large arms.  The XL fits perfect especially with the belt.  Fabric isn't super heavy which is great!  I'm 5'7" and 175 lbs is that helps anyone out.


Perfect for my daughter's 5th grade graduation.  She is very slim, wide shoulders, and not quite 5' 1".  The XS fit great!  It does wrinkle a bit more than I'd like, but a beautiful, classic, tasteful dress.  Recommended!


Surprisingly pretty and well made, given the price! I bought one, the fabric has a tiny amount of stretch to it. It's really good. I'd recommend buying a sash to go with the outfit because the belt provides isn't very high quality. I'm yet to wash it.


It's a nice dress. The cut is great but the material makes it so not worth the price! Looks very cheap. Depending on the color, the dress is kind of see through.


I am  5'2. 145 pounds, bra size 34 D and the dress fit pretty nice except that if you have rolls near your bra area, they will be accentuated!


This dress fits perfectly! It is so elegant and retro! The material is not only comfortable it is breathable too! One of my favorite dress purchases to date!


It was great! I'm nma little bigger in m middle and this dress looked great!  I definitely recommend getting a petticoat underneath, I looked much better with it.


Love!!! this dress! The fabric is semi stretchy, the color (I ordered the army green) is more emerald (which I love), will need ironing straight out the package, but I gave three stars because I'm normally a 2xl so that's what I ordered based on reviews and descriptions stated "fits as expected"! Not so! Too small I will have to return.  But will try the 3xl!!!


Bought this for my daughter's first school dance. She loves it and the fit is perfect. The fabric seems a little cheap (plasticy and stiff) but might soften with a few washes. Hopefully it holds up well.


