Thank you it  fit on me,


It was okay


Ok, I have to admit I was very skeptical.  I was looking for a dress for a Bar Mitzvah, and came upon this little number.  I loved the style and all of the colors, but $27?  I bought it as a back-up, thinking it couldn't possibly fit as well or look as polished as something much more expensive.  As it turns out, this was absolutely perfect.  Although it was a wee bit roomy in the neckline, the rest fit beautifully.  I'm 5'8", normally wear a size 10 or 12, and the L was great.  A bit wrinkly when I took it out of the package, but ironed on low setting and it was fine.  (Caution:  don't hold the iron in one place too long!)  I wore a black petticoat underneath to fill out the shape, and it perfect!  Had SO much fun time twirling the night away, and got a bunch of compliments to boot!  I wore the the Navy last night, also ordered an Army Green, and am now thinking of ordering some of the super fun patterns, too.  At under $30 a pop, why not?  :)


I❤it


Overall, I like the dress and will be keeping it but there are a few things that lower the score:  1) the material is stiff and feels a little like a table cloth, 2) the belt will never look like the picture - it's just a long ribbon you have to tie yourself so it doesn't look that nice, 3) based on the material, it wrinkles easily and will probably need a lot of ironing.  If they changed the material I would love this dress.


Sizing - I bought a XL and it fits right on.  I am normally a size 14 and 40D.


Update: I ended up lowering my score because the fabric is not that great.  I have not been able to wear the dress since I have to iron it first or it looks awful.  The look of the dress is fine.


First I ordered the 2XL going off the size chart from the manufacturer.  My daughter is 43in bust and 35in waist.  When the 2XL was delivered and she tried it on it was a bit to big in the bust.  I went ahead and sent it back which is very easy and what great is the same day I dropped it off at the UPS store and they scanned it in I received the money back on the gift card option since I was ordering a smaller size.  The new dress in XL came in four days later and it fits great!  The color is lovely and my daughter looks great in it.  I will be ordering the same dress in a different fabric since it fit her so well.


the color is true & vibrant.  the skirt is very full, such that a petticoat might be worn with it.  although the bodice fit well around the waist, the shoulders were too narrow. narrow at the shoulders makes the armholes too high to lie flat & be comfortable. that the wide sash ties only in the front (is tacked down in the back) is not flattering. she exchanged for the next size, which is good for the shoulders.  i will tailor the sash to make it moveable or remove it.  a pretty dress, a great price, a happy teenage girl.


I like the dress...especially for the price but the material wrinkles VERY easily.  It came folded and I had to iron & steam the wrinkles out, which took forever for them to come out.  As soon as I got into my car to go to my function the dress became wrinkled almost immedialtley and I was worried about it for the rest of the night.  I think this is a great purchase for a costume or photo shoot but not an awards show that requires lots of on and off the stage.  Still, for the price it was a good find.


I wore this dress and ordered it in yellow for a sorority event. Everyone loved it as much as I did. I will be ordering this dress again in another color to have on hand for dressy events.


Fits beautifully! I'm 5'4", 128lbs, 32" bust, 28" waist and the small fits me exactly. Not too tight but not much room to spare. Petticoat adds cute fullness. I love it! Only minor complaint is that the zipper sticks in a few spots and doesn't zip smoothly, so I need a hand.


