It fit wonderfully. I made sure my actual measurements matched those of the seller chart and then picked my size. I loved how it flows, I received a lot of compliments when I wore it. I also paired it with a petticoat to make the skirt look more full. I was most excited about this because it is actually modest! The sleeve length was perfect as well as the neckline.


It's really pretty...it looks and feels great, but the top is a little too big (for me at least).  It felt like a lot of extra material.  I am 5'5 and 165lbs...I wear a 36B, so maybe that's why it doesn't fit as well. Hope this helps!


I bought this dress for a USO Swing dance.  I'm 5'2, 104 lbs, 32D. I ordered XS. and it fit perfect.  I ordered the wine color very pretty. I ordered black puffy skirt and it looks great..


This is the cutest dress ever! I love it. It fits well and I love the fabric. I wear between a 10 and 12 and got the large. I have large breasts and the dress even accommodates my 38DDD/G cup size. I bought a petticoat underskirt to wear underneath and it was absolutely adorable. This dress seems to wear well with several different body types. I got plenty of compliments. I highly recommend it!


Ordered a 2xl. Fits great except way to small around the arms. I am a plus size 20. The dress came folded in a small dress bag very wrinkly upon arrival. Quality is good for the price though.


So the fabric does not breathe well and is scratchy. Also fabric smells awful. As for the fit it would look better,in my opinion, on a less curvy girl. On me it emphasized my bust and not the waist or the color. I ordered a large because t said to size up but dress was too big and gapped in the shoulders and neck areas.


This dress looks great with a petticoat. Very 50s chic. Loved the deep maroon color as well. Wrinkles very easily.


this dress is great!  I got it in red with white polka dots, which is great for a 50's event.  it fits smoothly all over and seems comfortable to wear without concern about the neckline gapping.  the cap sleeves are a nice fit, and the bow belt works well.  the fabric is a little stiff but I think it will be great with a petticoat.  length is goos in a large, even for someone 5'2".


Got this for my daughter for Christmas.  She loves vintage dresses.  This one is VERY pretty and the fabric has a nice sheen to it.  Fit great and looked great.  Can't beat that price either!


Cute enough but half American size. If you wear size 10 then order double xxx. Disappointing.


