The fabric was not what I was expecting (not as fancy as I thought it'd be) and was more pedestrian than I would have liked, but for the price I paid, I get it. I dressed it up for NYE and I felt very pretty and feminine.


Love this dress!!! The pattern is beautiful and it fit great. The quality of the fabric is amazing and it's easy to wash and iron at home. I got many compliments on it. I didn't get a petticoat and I don't think it's necessary. The dress had a lot of movement to it already.


Definitely planning on buying additional colors. Only downside is it's easily wrinkled. So I'll be dry cleaning it. But it made me feel pretty and that's what I needed!


Nice quality for the price! Lightweight fabric hangs nicely and is comfortable and breathable.


Color is beautiful! Fit perfect. Is cotton so be careful in wash or get larger size if available. My husband loved it on me. Just what I ordered. Very nice dress. Would love to get more.


What else can I say, the dress  was a hit. Wore it to church and everyone  loved it. I am 5inches 4 cm and weigh  154 pounds.  I'm  curvy at the bottom but its ok cause it flares off.  I ordered a medium and it worked.


I really liked the dress. The color is great and the fit is mostly good besides being tight at the shoulders, but then again I do have fairly broad shoulders for my size. It was a good purchase, I would def recommend.


Only main downside is the sash is very thin and almost impossible to tie without looking weird. I wear it without the sash most times.


Ordered the XLR. I am a size 12 35" waist. These are skin tight around the middle. They fit, and don't dig in but are snug.


They are nice quality for the price, though they looked bigger *poofier* in the pictures. Still does the job though!


looks much nicer in the photo. the fit and style are wrong and it wrinkles


Product came the wrong color, contacted Amazon about it and told them I didn't want a refund but did want to exchange and got a response about "here's your refund."  I ordered a Royal Blue and the tag says Royal Blue but it is definitely Navy Blue, wouldn't be a huge issue if it wasn't needed for a wedding with very specific colors picked out.


Would give one star but I can use it for something else and it fit as expected.


