Such a cute dress, well made, and the price is right! Thank you! Perfect with a crinoline underneath for a 50's style dance. All cotton so it does wrinkle, but the polka dot pattern hid this well and it wasn't an issue.


Love the color and cut of the dress. Was just a hair shorter than what I expected (I’m 5”4 and it came just a bit below mid knee), so it didn’t completely cover knee, like I had hoped. Made great! Very comfy! I ordered a medium in this yellow and a large in the blue/red floral print. Both dresses fit. Medium is just a little more snug. I weigh about 146 and have 34c bust. Both look fine on. I ordered a petticoat to go with and it looks real cute under it!


The fit is great, it feels like good quality, and looks just like the picture! Love the color, very beautiful. And the length is perfect. I got a small, and I'm 5'4", 140, and my measurements are 35, 29, 38


I purchased the dress for a 50s themed night, everyone loved it. I worn it with a petticoat to have more volume at the skirt, but you can use it without if you want to wear it for a less "restrictive" (style wise) occasion.


It really fits me well, I am 5'5" and 126lb.


I really like this dress - very vintage 1950s. Great flare in the skirt, and the top fits nicely. The fabric is good. It does wrinkle easily, so usually needs to be ironed after washing. I would buy another one if they offered a few more fabric pattern choices.


I really love the print. Size was a bit larger than expected in the boob area. So for well endowed girls, this dress will contain it! Smaller girls may need a bra with padding. Other than that the print is beautiful. Only real downside is it is not machine wash!


Beautiful dress but bought wrong size. Returned for this smaller size. BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE!


Perfect Homecoming dress.  My kid is one to like being a bit different in fashion.  She likes traditional yet funky which can make for hard shopping.  She also is young enough that dress shopping is something to cause night terrors.  Wanting a modest but fun dress that fits was not likely to happen.  This dress, however, changed that.  The cut is modest but the skirt allows for twirling fun.  The bow at the waist is not attached so moving it around works.  The crew neckline and capped sleeves provide modesty but are cut well enough that they are youthful.  We used the measurements to order the size. It was a perfect fit.


The only downside with this dress is that it can wrinkle easily.  It comes folded in a package and took quite a bit of time to iron out those first wrinkles.  However, starch spray can go a long way.


This dress was comfortable and beautiful.  My daughter has looked at similar styles for future school dances.  This is a great party dress.


I’m actually so impressed with this dress for the price. It is definitely a little small— I got a 3x when I usually wear a 1x-2x and it fits perfectly. Obviously you’ll need some sort of petticoat to get the flare-out like in the photo, but this dress stands beautifully on its own as well. Fabric isn’t bad. It has one of those sort of dinky little zippers but I’ve found I need to spend at least $60-$70 to get a real metal zipper (this one is metal too, just small and a little harder to get zipped). All-in-all it is pretty fabulous for the price and I’m impressed with the silhouette.


Beautiful dress. I am 5’7” and I normally wear a small at 115 lbs, but took the advice of the reviews and I went with the medium since I was in between. Perfect with a little room to spare. The belt helps with the extra inch or so in the waist. Colors are beautiful. Great purchase for an upcoming wedding.


