I love the color of the dress, but I am disappointed with what the back looks like. Not all women are shaped the same, so because some of us have a enhanced backside we tend to not have enough material to cover and this is my situation. The front of the dress fits perfectly, but the back is WAY to short!


I'm happy I ordered extra small to try this cloth line out. I wore it on new years day. Tried taking it off, zipper at the back of the cloth tore. I'd have returned it but just dont feel like it. Will sew it back myself cos although I dont like the material and how it looks on me, its still modest which was the reason i got it in the first place


The clour was not as picture. But fits great looked great with green flower nacklace.


This is a beautiful dress.  It fit as expected.  It was not too tight.


When I first tried the dress on, the zipper got a little stuck on the horizontal seam.  I zipped and unzipped it a few times to make sure it was okay.  Then I traveled out of state to the event where I was going to wear the dress.  The zipper got stuck in the same spot as before- but this time, I could not get the dress zipped up.  I tried in vain then my husband tried to help.  It took over an hour before we successfully got the zipper zipped up.  By then I was sweaty and stressed and we were 45 minutes late for our event.  I received so many compliments on the dress.  But i’ll never wear the dress again and certainly can not recommend this dress to anyone since the zipper is unreliable.  I wish I had gone with another dress.  This was a waste of my money.


I got two of these for my 13 year old and one for myself. Got the XS in for her and it's perfect! Needs a petticoat for fullness, but you can buy them


On amazon for around $13. Can't wait for mine!


the dress is super cute.  my only complaint is that since  I'm a bit top heavy but a true size 12 and it fit a bit snug on the top. otherwise I love the dress.  Also because of the way it was so securely packaged it took a lot to iron out the fold lines


Fit my daughter beautifully!  Very flattering and I think she may want to wear it again after her performance!


Very wrinkled and the belt isn't what I expected from looking at the picture. Over all I am happy with the dress and can't wait to wear it!


Runs extremely small. I usually wear a size 1-


2 but bought a 3 just in case and it still ran small. I ended up giving it to a friend who typically wears a size 14 and it fit her perfectly.


Love it! I'm going to use it for Minnie costume.


