I bought this dress in multiple patterns but the same size. They each fit slightly different, so just be aware of that. One fit absolutely perfect, like a glove! The other was perfect in the waist and too large in the bust. They are well made and so adorable, even without a petticoat. FYI- I bought a large and am 5'4" 155 lbs and wear a 34B.


Love this dress tons of compliments. Only one bad thing about the dress, the zipper sticks. That I find annoying other than that I love it. That's why I gave it 4 stars.


The bow does not come attached and the fabric feels like a water proof jacket, not what I expected.


This is Great so far. I haven't washed it but the fit is Great. I would suggest you measure yourself and then go off those measurements. I am a medium in most things but I was an  XXL in this due to my waist size it should hug your curves...  as someone that sews, I think the workmanship is what you should expect for the price. it has no lining however for a $20ish dress you can't even buy fabric for that theses days. I honestly like it and will be buying more. The only thing I wish is that the sleeve was a complete cap sleeve like you get on a tee shirt, not the half sleeve so you can see your bra if you lift your arms. The only complaint I have is about the sleeves.


Just bought this for my Easter Dress and possibly also to be worn in a 50's style play that I am in.  I am a comfortable size 14( meaning I do not lean closer to a size 16 or a size 12) and a 38DD chest.  I got an XL.  I was wearing a minimizer bra when I tried the dress on, but it fit perfect and was not too snug across the chest nor did the holes around the arms gape from my chest.I am sure if I wear  it with a normal bra it will fit just fine as the bodice material is stretchy.  Contemplating getting a petticoat to go with this to make it more flirty, but my husband said it looks fine without one.  It is rather plain, so make sure you have some fun jewelry to snap it up with!


It came quickly, the fit was good, the construction was good, but the fabric was a slinky, polyester soft satin (more suited to lingerie). It's thick enough to not be see through, but it will require structured undergarments to lay right. The skulls are also a little more cartoon/ridiculous in real size than they look on the small image.


My daughter likes it well enough, but doesn't love it and neither do I. It's fine, but it's not great. We ordered this for a swing dancing party.


We also ordered a red/black polka dot dress from this same vendor/same page and it was a heavier weight twill that was perfect. The contrast between the two dresses made this worse.


Loved the dress, so many compliments. I will be ordering different colors.


This dress is seriously form flattering and meshes well with my complexion. I wore this during my maternity photo shoot and it worked out perfectly! Buy up a size because the top fits snug. This is a 2x and I am 8.5 months pregnant in photo.


I sent this dress back, even though I did ultimately think that it was cute. I purchased the large for my daughter ( my mistake, should have gotten the medium). Be sure to use the chart given, it is perfect. I mistakenly listened to a few reviews that said to order 1 size up, and I should have trusted my instinct. The dress fit me perfectly, and was so cute, but it is for my daughter, not me. I will say that the neckline is very high, and the dress most likely looks best on women with a c cup or larger ( not me, lol), as it is somewhat baggy in the chest area. But over all a cute dress. We ordered her a medium in a different style by this same brand, so hopefully it will be really cute. This dress does look best with a petticoat.


I love this dress but the bust is a bit too big for me. I ordered 3x just to be sure it fit my curves perfectly and I think I could have went with the xl or 2x as the bust is big. I will have it altered but I still love it and no need to return I would rather it be big up top and fit the bottom than be huge on the bottom and fit perfectly up top. I wear a 16-18 and 15-17 mostly so this fits great not too snug or anything. The quality is really great as well


