The good: This dress fit perfectly--exactly as the size guide said it would in the waist and bust. For reference, I ordered the size small.


The bad: The fabric is terrible. It is so thin that you can see through it and it is very rough to the touch and cheap looking.


Conclusion: This dress would be perfect for a costume for Halloween or a play but it is not suitable for "normal" wear.


I don't like the collar, but I guess that is the style. It didn't look good on me though. Other than that, the dress looked great. I ordered up a size (L) due to some reviews, but it was too big. I returned it and got another dress from the same line with a different collar in (M). The medium fit like it should.


The workmanship on my two dresses is very good. Their sizing is accurate. The cotton is really cotton, like a sateen and luscious to the touch. I am very happy and have already ordered two more. I do have to say I wish they came in more muted colors, I'm not accustomed to wearing such bright colors, but having said that, the pictures accurately depict the color you get.


This dress is beautiful! I ordered it in the emerald green color and it is lovely.  The only reason why I am giving it four stars is because the material is a bit wrinkly.  I ironed it but even when sitting down and getting up became wrinkled again.  The sash also became wrinkly but you can actually take it off so I was thinking of wearing it with a sparkly belt instead Next time!


You can't tell me I didn't look good in this!! Thank you thank you helping me look amazing this last weekend! Love this dress...


The dress arrived today, and was almost exactly what my daughter wanted! The material is fabulous, with a little stretch, and she intends to wear it to prom this year. It looks great both with and without a petticoat. The only reason I gave it 4/5 stars, is because her dress came without the belt/bow, which was one of the reasons she chose this dress over a similar dress.


Color is beautiful its also true to size. I was in love with it as soon as I took it out of the bag. I order a xxl I'm a size 14. I also order a pettie coat to under it. Looked gorgeous. Can't go wrong with this one.


I really do like the design of this dress. The other reviewers look very pretty in their dress, but I was a little disappointed because I couldn't zip my dress. The zipper kept getting stuck never got a chance to wear it out. Will return. Nice dress if the zipper worked. I got a size S and the dress fits well. I do have broad shoulders but going up a size wouldn't have worked for me because it would be too big. Just remember the zipper for a dress like this if you decide to get it.


I returned this because the top panel includes too much room for breasts that my kids don't quite have yet, so the material was bunchy on top and didn't fit right.  If you are a B cup or larger, this would fit perfect.


I'm a 1X size at local department stores clothing.  But this 3X is even snug on the sleeves & waist.


