This dress is just ok. It not as cute as some of the other vintage ones I have gotten from Amazon. It doesn't have all the pleating in the skirt and isn't as full as the photo makes it look. It just looks boring on. it also wrinkles like crazy. You spend tons of time ironing the large skirt, and its a mess as soon as you sit down.


The zipper is not very strong, and it was a bit too small across the bust. I'm a 14 regularly in dresses, ordered up a size for that reason, and it was still too small to zipper across my shoulder blades. If the zipper were stronger, I might have been able to chance it, but alas... waiting to lose a few more pounds to try it again... Very pretty dress, and someone same size but not a 38E might have better luck on the fit in this same dress.


I bought this dress for an event and when I received the dress I tried it on and it fit perfect. The night of the event I put the dress on and the zipper got stuck. After trying to get the zipper up, the zipper busted. I really liked the dress and it looks really cute with a petticoat underneath.


I LOVE this dress. I feel beautiful in it and it has such a great vintage style. The dress is great quality for the price. I did get a petticoat for the skirt and it looked awesome. For reference, I am 5'2", 160lbs with a larger chest and I got a medium. The dress went down to mid calf on me. I plan on buying more in different colors.


It was fine for a day, used this as a bridesmaid dress and it was fine, it wrinkles really easily because the fabric is really cheap. but the cut was cute. I wouldn't wear it for longer then a few hours because the wrinkle problem, and you will have to buy a petty coat for it to be flouncy.


This was such a cute dress. It fit perfectly. I also purchased the under skirt. It does need that extra fluff if you want it to look like the picture otherwise it's kinda blah. The event that it was purchased for was cancelled so I returned it. If ever I need one again I will repurchase this without hesitation. The only down side was the fabric needs to be ironed.


Came pretty wrinkled, but ironed nicely!! Fits very well, fabric has a bit of stretch to it so it's perfect. I'm 5'6", 125lbs, and a 32DD and the small fits great. Get compliments every time I wear it. Belt is not attached which gives you options, and it stays on and in place perfectly when I tie it in a bow!! <3


I love this dress. I ordered a large, my normal size in clothes and it fits well. I had previously ordered 1 size up, and that was a mistake. It can be worn with or without a petticoat. I'm 5ft 2 inches and this dress fall right at the knee. I will be buying more of these dresses in new patterns.


I'm a solid 14/16 with a curvy butt and ordered the 2X after reading reviews. It fits perfectly without rising. I'm 5'5 and it come right above my knees. The red with black dots are vibrant. I just wish the belt had loops to hold it on the waist. Cotton material doesn't offer much stretch, but the right size should fit comfortably.


I got so many compliments on my dresses while doing a major PR event in DC! These dresses were the perfect addition to my signature style while on camera! The burgundy color matched my teams polo shirts perfectly!


