Don't usually do reviews, but this dress is too fun!  I've never ordered a dress online before either, but too cute to pass up. I got the black with white poka dots. Pay attention to the reviews on size. I'm 5'5 & 150. Size 16 in misses dresses.  Kinda busty, so I got XXL. Fits like a glove! You gotta get at least one. I'm getting two more!


I was very impressed by this dress!  Worn for Valentine's Day with a short petticoat to ensure the fit and flare style really popped.  Large is perfect for a 30-31" waist. I've gotten numerous compliments on this, and definitely plan to purchase additional styles from this merchant in the future.


If I could give a negative star I would. Worst dress I have purchased. Fabric is awful. Tried to steam iron and the fabric became spotted and wrinkles are impossible to get out. Will never buy again


this fits nicely. and i was able to zip up the back by myself without any additional assistance. fun dress that I can't wait to wear multiple times during the summer


Bought this dress in solid green. It is true to size and a very rich color. The only thing I don't like is the fact that it is unlined and it wrinkles like crazy! There also aren't loops to keep the belt up, so I have to make many adjustments during the day to keep the bow looking nice.


I bought this dress in a XXL, I normally wear a 12/14 but after reading the reviews that state that it can run small in the bust and I am a 36DD.  It fit me perfectly in the chest, and a bit loose in the waist, but with the included belt I looks just fine.


When I got it out of the bag, I was very skeptical. Looked kind of cheap. And there is nothing to hold your sash on the sides. So it kept on sliding...but I ironed it and put it on, it fit nice. I recieved many compliments. I'm 5'3, 115lbs, usually size 2 or 3.


Does not look like picture. Had to get an under garment tutu to give that 50's look. Material is very soft. Well packaged item.


As a 63 year old, size 18 women's petite (18WP) it is nearly IMPOSSIBLE to find pretty dress that fits properly,  has a modest length and doesn't make me look like my Mother/Grandmother! Actually, finding Anything in a 18WP (or at least fits closely) is like finding the holy grail.


I really want to like this dress because it's made quite well, beautiful, and uses a durable, thick material. My problem with it though, is it's very tight and stiff in the chest area despite having smaller breasts. I'd suggest order a size up unless you're petite.


