I ordered a medium since my waist is 27 & I was afraid small would have been too tight. Well medium was a little too big so I simply washed it in warm and dried it on medium and now it is perfect! The dress is lovely and great quality. Looks great without petticoat but would look smashing with one.


I just didn't like it on me. It made me feel like I was dressed as a little girl, like I was wearing a costume. I returned it.


This dress is very flattering, well made, great material


Cute dress but too big in the bust.  It would take a woman with a substantial bosom to be able to wear this.  Sadly, I will return it.


Usually I need to alter dresses but this fit perfect. It doesn't have much stretch and the waist is smaller than what I am in the Medium size but it fit perfectly. If you want it to poof the bottom you will need that underskirt. Otherwise it's just a normal dress. It doesn't have any pleats. Color is great and fabric is very nice as well.


Comfortable dress, perfect for summer! The dress requires ironing/ dry cleaning before wearing.


I wore a crinoline to give the dress more impact. It worked!


Like dress I bought according to size chart. I usually wear a size 12 but went with measurements. I can wear the dress over my clothes


I am absolutely in love with this dress. It did not come with the bow but that makes it even better. Other reviews mentioned the poor quality but I found the dress to be well made with no flaws. I am an 18/20 but bought the 3XL after reading the other comments about the sizing. I recommend this dress to others.


This dress is cute and flattering but the zipper broke as soon as I tried it on.


The color was good, the fabric was ok quality, with a minor amount of stretch. The cut just didn't work for my proportions.


I had been hoping the stretch factor would be enough to accommodate my proportionally small waist and large bust, but this was unfortunately not the case. It fit my waist very nicely, but my chest was squished and I couldn't take a deep breath without endangering the seams. Returned to Amazon and picked out a similar dress from a different seller, hoping those proportions might work out better.


