beautiful


I N I T I A L  R E A C T I O N: ****


Arrived perfectly on time and in VERY good condition! The dress was, as expected, wrinkled, but the creases weren't pressed too deeply. It is true to color, the fabric felt a liiiiiittle thin though.


F I T: *****


Usually I wear a large, but according to previous experience buying dresses on Amazon I ordered a size up. After trying it one, I could have gone with a large, but the sizing wasn't bad. It was mainly too loose in the shoulders and around the bodice, but nothing too hard to fix. Always better a bit big than too small! I'm giving five stars in this category for being true to size, rather than expectations!


F E E L: ****


The fabric is a bit thinner than personal preference would mandate, so I'm glad I bought a petticoat to go underneath. But it is very comfortable to wear, it feels durable but isn't stiff or scratching. The cap sleeves aren't super tight which is amazing especially when buying clothes today seems to dictate that sOMEthing has to be skintight in an outfit.


C O N C L U S I O N: ****


It's comfortable, light, and super cute! My biggest issue is how thin the fabric is. It isn't transparent by any means, but a slip or petticoat helps preserve modesty. Other than that, I love it! It's sized well and feels durable in both fabric and stitching.


I love mine! Though it does not come with a belt.


I'm a size xl and I ordered a 3x and it fit perfectly!


Beautiful Cotton Dress,Baby Blue Color,Perfect for warm weather.


Cute cut and lovely color, but the size was completely off and too small. I ended up returning the dress.


Dress fits good. Love the color


My wife loves it.  The fit is nearly perfect and the price for the quality found was exceptional.


I ordered this dress for my daughter’s play performance. It’s a perfect fit, beautiful color and great price!


This dress was perfect for the occasion and I received a lot of compliments.


It compliments a full figured woman with curves.  I bought two other colors.


