I love this dress. I was actually kind of skeptical of the reviews because they were unusually positive for clothing at this price on amazon, but was willing to risk it. I'm so glad I did, this fit like a dream. The fabric is nice and sturdy feeling, doesnt feel cheap at all, and the fit is totally perfect for my body shape. Im likely going to buy a couple more in other colors.


For reference, 5'3", 140lb, measurements are 42/26/40 and a Medium was absolutely perfect.  I think the way its cut, its pretty versatile with body shapes, but very happy it fits my curvier figure, its so rare to find a dress that fits both my boobs and waist.


I was so excited to find this dress, but was afraid it was going to be a "too good to be true" scenario. I read the reviews that it ran small, so ordered an XL. In most clothing I am a size 12 or Large. 5'8", 38DD.


The XL fits great, enough room to spare so it isn't too tight, but not so loose that if I lost a little weight it would ruin the fit.


This dress is going to be worn as my costume to Disney World's Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween Party in October, along with a pair of black/white/red Minnie ears. It is going to be perfect, and I'm so excited.


I plan to order a plain black dress in this style, and maybe another color or two as well. Very pleased and surprised with the quality of fabric and how the zipper is sewn in (zippers can often break or be sewn in so poorly in cheap clothing!).


So flattering, so cute...I feel like I hit the jackpot with this dress.


Not only was the fit a little small compared to normal sizing, but it also is prone to LOTS of wrinkles. Make sure you have a steamer or a good iron and lots of time on your hands to make it look like the image.


I gave this dress a two stars rating, because the dress arrived as promised; however, I planned to  wear today for being making the honour roll in university (there was a colour theme, so I had to wear blue).  Only to take the dress with me to the venue and when trying to put on, I realized the zipper was broken.  Luckily I wore a very nice dress to work...albeit, red, white and black.  I am not happy!!!


I am so glad that I did not rate the dress upon arrival; I usually wear first, or experience the merchandise before rating.


The zipper was broken, which I didn't find out about until I was rushing to get ready for the event that I was wearing the dress for. So we had to rig it with safety pins and even then I couldn't get it closed all of the way. Totally ruined my night. I will be returning this dress! Other than the zipper, it fit fine, and it looked great...from the front view.


I do agree with the other reviews that it is difficult to get the wrinkles out of the material.


I am 145lbs 36d and xl fits perfectly. My husband told me it looked great on me. Can be worn as evening wear and casual.


I am in love with this dress! The fit was perfect for me so no alterations or returns needed. This is actually the second dress I purchased, the coral color being the first. I purchased it for an outdoor wedding last weekend and I can't comment enough on how comfortable it was. The cotton/spandex blend ensured a comfortable yet breathable fit. I bragged about my love for the dress to a friend and fellow wedding attendee and she ended up purchasing the polka-dot one for herself and the blue floral one for her daughter.  Even thought they were all the same style, the different patterns gave each dress their own individuality. IMO, this dress will be great for casual or slightly more formal events.


Super cute and flattering!  I got the XXXL (don't let the Asian sizes get you down... Just order what fits!). The fabric is thin, but not see-through. It's going to be great for hot summer days! It's just a little too big in the shoulders, but it's not bad. That's what I get for having ginormous knockers...


For reference, I'm 5'4", 190 lb, 36G, 11 months post-partum c-section. I'm wearing some comfortable shapewear underneath. It fits perfectly at my waist, and the hem is about 2" below the knee. I'll add a photo once I've ironed it. Ha.


Unfortunately I returned this dress and can only give it 3 stars. It is certainly a great quality dress and royal blue is gorgeous color. The material is thick, and falls nicely on the body. The problem I had with it was with fitting in the chest area. I am 5'4", 125 lbs, 34B bra size. Medium fitted perfectly everywhere except in the chest. Even when I wore a push up bra, there was a lot of material and empty space left. Not sure why this happened because the pictures of smaller ladies showed the dress fit them perfectly. Also, I purchased a similar style dress just with no sleeves from the same seller and Medium in that dress fitted me perfectly everywhere.


This dress was more than what I expected! It looked great on me and everyone complimented me. I felt great in it and it fit perfectly!


