Beautiful dress. The color was a little darker than I was expecting but nothing I couldn't live with. It was a smidgen smaller than I was expecting but I am in the process of losing weight anyway. My only serious complaint is the sash for the bow was way to short. I was forced to ditch the sash for a wide belt or have a stumpy pathetic bow.


This was a brilliant color and make, it was the hot topic at work.  Received many compliments


Loved the dress, fit perfect! Was super excited to wear it, but when I went to put it on the zipper was stuck and we couldn’t get it unzipped all the way. We had to force it o get it off and it broke. Unfortunately i wasn’t even able to wear it.


This is a beautiful dress, very figure flattering despite the extra pounds I'm carrying it gives me exactly the effect I was hoping for.


I tried it  on and the thread around the zipper came loose. I'm going to keep it and get the thread fix. I'm wearing it to a valentine event. I like the style.


I love the fit. It fits just right. However, while I was wearing it for the first time, the zip came apart, got stuck and would stay closed at a wedding ceremony.  Very embarrassing.


This dress is adorable!  Great fit, great material!  Even found some lemon earrings!  My daughter wore this to a school dance and received many compliments from adults and friends alike.  Now she wears it to church often. It wears well and still looks great 8 months later!


I ordered this dress based on the manufacturer's size charts. When I tryed it on, it was about 2-3 sizes too large. Best go with amazon sizing, Iv had good results using that. The fabric is cheap material, feels like a home made project...and needs to be ironed. Not quality but would make do if you jazzed it up with pearls or some cute heels.


I bought this dress for a tea party. I ordered an XL, I'm 5'2", 165 lbs. It was a perfect fit. It is made of good quality material, we'll worth the money!


The dress was great but did not fit.  The torso was too long for my height, causing it to gape in the chest and between the shoulder blades.


