Perfect dress for our family photos


Love it


But do get slip to go with it gives dress the full look.


(I did buy slip in time for pic)


Love the dress.  I am an 18 and ordered a XXL. I already have another dress so I tried a few sizes and already knew my size.  But I'll be prdeeinf more. Love them


the dress fits perfectly and looks great, it is not however nearly as bright as pictured more of a dark turquoise. the material is thick and durable


We ordered this dress for a music conference that I participated in. With the advice of some of the other reviewers, I ordered 2 sizes up. I normally wear a size 16 or xl in dresses. Size 3X fits perfectly. I also ordered it in red. It's a very cute and simple, and can easily be dressed up or down! Highly recommended for any occasion!


Lovely dress! I received many compliments.


I love the material. I love the color and i love the fit. I especially appreciated the stretchy material mix which suited my bust line perfectly. It looks adorable on.


Just got this dress in the mail. I'm so pleased with it. It's sturdy  without being heavy. It fits me perfectly, like a glove. I'm 44"x 38"x 45" I wear a 40D and usually an XL shirt. I ordered a XXL, and it was perfect. I will be ordering this style in a few colors!


However, the color is not as vibrant as the picture, and my pale yellow shoes actually work better then my red ones. Also I think every dress should have pockets, and this one does not.


Love it!!!


For the price this is a great dress. I will say that you should make sure you have an iron or steamer on hand as the fabric arrived very wrinkled. Not that big of a deal. Was happy to see that it is 95% cotton. Love the dress.


We got this dress for a special occasion for our daughter, and she loves it! It's hard to find something size 0-2 that is long enough and covers your shoulders for a young teen girl, but this dress is just what she wanted. The skirt is full and pretty, but when you add the petticoat under it... it is PERFECT. The sash or bow is detachable, which may make it hard to keep it in place, but she may not want the pretty little bow and want to change it up, so I think that makes it a plus!


