Beautiful dress for an awesome price. I was afraid based on the sizing that I might need a large but I took a chance and ordered a medium and it fits perfectly. The fabric is substantial enough without being too thick to wear in the summer. I'll get lots of wear out of this over the summer.


Simple and elegant, this dress fit very well and will look beautiful whether I wear my crinoline or not.


I ordered a large size according to the measurements in the description (I am a 39"bust, 31"waist, and 40"hip) and it is not as fitted in the waist as I would like but the belt helps and I ended up not needing any alterations; I'll just always wear it with a belt.


It is very pretty dress, simple, classic yet elegant.  I ordered for my daughter for the high school award ceremony, it is somewhat little large especially around bust area and a little long as I was not sure about the size and how it would fit.  Maybe one size down would be better for her, but there was no time to return and reorder another one.  My daughter wore this dress and use the belt to tight it around her waist and wore a high heel shoe.  So it still worked, and she looked great.  Thanks Amazon.


Beautifully made. I loved the dress bag that it came in! So cute! But it the sizing chart is off. You do not have to go up a size, you can order your correct size and be fine. Unfortunately, the event I had to planned to wear this for, was the same week the dress came and I didn't have time to get it altered or order another one.  :(


I'm 5'5'' and 168 lbs and the L was a perfect fit. However, I wasn't too thrilled about the fabric. It's very "cottony" and not party worthy, more suitable for a hay ride or for a day at Disney World. Returning it.


I ordered this to wear to Disneyland and went by the measurement chart. Based on measurements I would have needed a 3XL, but when I received that size it was WAY too big. I returned it for an XL which fits well. It’s a little snug in the armpits but I think that’s due to the design. The dress is great quality for the price. I love the pink dots - very Minnie Mouse.


I am usually a L but the measurements in the picture scared me, and as someone with a small chest and waist but large hips (38-34-42) I decided to go with an XL. It fit perfectly everywhere but the chest area is WAAAAY too large, I can easily fix this with some sewing. Also fabric wrinkles super fast... I still enjoyed this dress and I got a lot compliments for it.


Absolutely beautiful dress! My daughter loved the design and fit. A bit ample in the bust but not overly so, just mentioning in case that is a deterrent for some. Exactly what she needed for prom.


Bought at the urging of my daughter.  The dress is ok, but slightly larger than expected, particularly at the top.  I'm 5'6 & 1/2 and 155lbs and purchased a L.


Goid quality material, but small cut ordered a 3x but it did not fit me so gave it to my sister, it fit her perfectly. I hate that it did not fit me, but the colors were very vibrant


