This dress is super cute! It fit perfectly I am 5"1 weighing 145 and I got a medium and it fit beautifully!!


Length was good, zipper worked, and it's not thick, but not too thin. It is big in the chest, but true to size. I would buy again.


I'm 5'6" and weigh 183lbs so I ordered this in an XL and it was too big at the top, but I've always been smaller on top (36C) than on the bottom so I returned it and got a Large and it fit perfectly. The bottom half of the dress is roomy and flows so you really only need to focus on your chest measurements and the dress has some stretch so I found a snug fit looked nicer than it being too lose. I wore the skull print with a black petticoat underneath and my red Converse sneakers and got so many compliments. I was very comfortable all night and this is my new favorite dress hands down (even though I only own 3 dresses lol). I washed it on gentle in a garment bag and hung it to dry and it came out great. I won't hesitate to come back for another print if I ever need one! Plus what a great price for such a fun, comfortable dress!


Very pretty dress...I probably could have gotten a Large, but it was good with the X-Large, a little big up top.  Very wrinkle, had to steam, but after you have on, gets back wrinkle easily.  Great buy especially for the money! Oh I normally wear a 12-14 in US sizes. I'm 5'3" @ 180ish, 36 DD, very hippy.  Hope that helps.


Beautiful color, fit and fabric. Love it!


Cute dress. Happy with my purchase. My bust measures 33 inches and my waist is 28 inches. I weigh 120 and my height is 5'6. I'm wearing a petticoat under the dress. The dress seems to be well made. This dress fits like a glove.


Was a bit small I  of went 2 sizes up , but it fit my mom perfect! So I give it a five star had a Mother's Day tea party and this dress was a huge hit loved it. My mom is more of a 16 /18 si the 3x worked for her


Beautiful dress!!! Fit like a glove... I'm glad I got the large


I love this and got so many compliments! I ordered a 2XL and I'm normally a 14-16. It fit just a little loose, but I'm sure an XL would've been tight. This was perfect. I want to order more


I ordered this dress for my wife who is a Gospel Artist. She does a lot of shows at the House Of Blues for the Gospel Brunch here in Orlando. She asked me to find a dress for her next performance and this one was a winner! Fits perfectly, flows nicely and it looks great. I actually wound up buying 3 more dresses  in different colors. I've attached a photo of her wearing one on stage.


