Ordered a size up fit perfectly, good quality material, lots of compliments


This dress was too blousey up top to look right on me. the waist was fine, but you should have more cupsize than I do to make this fit right. I plan to give this one to someone that it will flatter more.Disappointing really I have wanted this style dress in this print for a long time.


Was sad I had to return - I usually wear a 10 or 12 so I ordered and XL and it was too small. It was really cute but didn't want to size up to a XXL to only have to get it tailored. Returned it and that process was quick and painless!!


The fit in the bodice and waist was fine but this dress was much shorter than I expected. I am 5'11" and I expected it to hit just below my knee or even mid-knee. It barely reached the top of my knee. The fabric is cute and I liked the style, but I really didn't want a short dress. So I returned it.


(Solid pink dress) This is a very nice dress for the price. The material is a tad rough but I hope it will soften after washing. It fits me as expected after referencing the sizing info. The color is very pretty and the dress seems well made. I would suggest it to anyone who likes retro dreases and can't pay the high prices on other sites.


I love the way this dress fit! It is exactly as described. I ordered up because some comments said the dress was a little tight across the bust. I ordered several colors and each fit the exact same. I decided to send Red Black Dot B back in exchange for the Red Black Dot A because I decided I wanted the smaller polka dots instead of the larger ones (my fault). But I have a feeling I'm going to still want the Red Black Dot B.


Love the dress. I went up two sizes. It fit perfect. But it is hard to zip without help. I had forgotten that dresses used to require help to get on. The color is bright. The material is just a little stiff. But that also is the way dresses used to be. I thinking about getting another in another color.


never worn and zipper broke


Very good quality! I ordered a 3XL I’m 5’7 and 38h bra sz it fit good in the chest area. I ordered that sz because I’m very top heavy and normally nothing fits, however this fits great, it’s stretches a bit so it makes it comfortable.


I bought this dress for my daughter who is around 105 pounds, maybe 5'2", and a 34 B.  I bought the blue with flowers in size small. It fits well and the length is perfect.  I'm still waiting on a petticoat to give it a bit more flare, but it looks fine without it.  This is a cute modest dress that is short enough to not look frumpy.


