Lovely dress!  Fabric (mid-weight with some stretch) and construction are very good.  This size is a bit snug for my liking through the midriff (I'm "well-padded" there).  L stated measurements are bust 39 and waist 31.5--my exact measurements.  The XL is too big--gaping armholes, hanging fabric at side torso. I'm 5'1" and short-waisted; dress waist is a tad lower than mine and hem hits me almost mid-calf.  I do not care at all for the tie belt--if it was not seamed in the middle (obvious in this print), I could wear it tied in the back, which I prefer over a front (right over my belly!) bow.  It has cap sleeves, not short sleeves, so you can see your armpits, though the armholes do not gape.  I accidentally bought two of these in the same size and one fit tighter than the other--I had trouble zipping it up through the waist, so 1/2 -inch smaller, I'd guess.  If you are buying within two weeks of needing it, I recommend you buy at least two of the same size and maybe a size larger or smaller than your measurements, depending on how trim/"chunky" you are.


I usually wear a medium or a large. I am seemingly always between sizes. I read the reviews and decided I’d go with a medium being as people that usually wear a medium reviewed it to fit with additional room and it wasn’t a tight fit persay. I have rather wide shoulders and a large bust so I tend to size up in order to fit both. I weigh 150ish lbs. I’m 5 ft 7 in. My dress size varies but I usually wear a medium or large shirt and size 6 jeans (occasionally size 8) bust 34 DD. Wide shoulders.


I could easily weigh 20 more pounds and fitvthis dress. It’s very flattering. The waist hits in such a way that even if you have a bulge you’d be flattered by this dresses cut.


The material is thin enough you could wear it in the summer for an outdoor wedding but not so thin that you’d need to wear anything underneath. I will be purchasing a black or green petticoat to wear with it but it looks great without. I just want to have the option to wear a petticoat because I love a skirt with Bulk and it gives it more of a retro feel.


I’d recommend this to anyone. It’s 95 cotton 5 spandex. Has a light stretch to it but not too much. I plan on wearing this dress a lot and buying it in multiple colors.


The green is not army it’s more of a beautiful rich emerald color. Photo for detail.


I LOVE THIS!  I got a 3XL and it fits wonderfully.  It is a bit tight and oddly fits like some 2XL dresses I have, so it may be a bit small, I'm not sure, but it fits great on me.  I bought it as part of a costume, but I love it so much I'm checking out what other colors I can buy!  It really flatters women with large hips (I do have a petticoat I wear under it) so you can't tell as much!


I purchased this dress for a Mother’s Day photo shoot with my daughter and mom. It was absolutely perfect! The color looked amazing and really popped! I read a lot of the reviews and that helped me choose the right size. Im 5’4 about 185 and I’m a 36G. I ended up ordering an XL and it fit perfectly. I had the dress dry cleaned because I didn’t feel like ironing it, and that made it look even better. I see myself ordering a few other colors.


This dress is NOT as quoted in the description.  I Copy/Pasted the description.  This skirt probably is not even a 3/4 circle, much less a full.  We bought this crinoline to go with it.  It did not look good at all.  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01M0T64W6/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_1 The crinoline was too full for it.  My daughter chose to not attend the Christmas Ballroom Dance Tea Party, partly because this dress was not what she expected which disappointed her.


"Full circle flared skirt, classic Audrey Hepburn dresses"


"The Dress Can Be Matched Underskirt Or Petticoat,Will Be More Elegant" (the typing mistake is theirs)


I bought this dress to wear to a work party. It is really a great buy for the price. I got many compliments. The fabric is a nice quality, not too thick or too thin, the cut and style are adorable and the colors are vibrant and bold (I had the red dress with small black dots). The dress fits pretty true to size. I'm 5'5" 130 lbs and ordered the small. It is snugger on top, but I am smaller chested so it was the perfect size for me. If you have larger breasts that a B, you might want to order a size up, in my opinion.


I ordered an inexpensive crinoline skirt to wear underneath and it added the perfect amount of flair to make the dress more for an evening event. I went with the theme of the dress and ordered some matching strappy pumps in a 1950's style, wore my hair in a pony tail topped with a fascinator and it was an easy and inexpensive outfit that looked amazing. I'll be ordering more of these dresses in other colors.


I'm very happy with this dress and how it fit. Based on customer reviews and the size chart provided by the seller (not the generic Amazon chart), I ordered the XX-large. I'm 5'1", around 178lbs and range from 14 to 16 in size. It was a little big in the shoulders but fit perfectly from the bust, down down through the bodice.  The dress photographs well, almost looking like it has a soft satin finish. The material is of good quality and does have some stretch to it which makes it a very forgiving dress. I opted not to use the sash because I couldn't get the bow to come out pretty.


I ordered this dress for my daughter for a wedding. She tried it on and it fit perfectly, so I had it cleaned and pressed ready to go. On the day of the wedding, the zipper completely broke and she could not wear it! She was so disappointed and so was I.


I really love polka dot dresses and purchased the white dot version. I am 5'2" and about 124 lbs, and typically wear a size 6, but knowing most of these dresses come from China, I ordered a medium.  I tend to have wide shoulders and wasn't sure about the cap sleeves; they seemed tight on me, but the dress had good stretch.  The arm holes were a good size and didn't gap.  I couldn't tie the belt into a bow like the picture.  The seams hit me perfectly along the bust.  The only problem I have is that I have a bit of a stomach (to say the least) and the dress just didn't look good on the bottom half of my body.  For that reason it is going back for a refund.


Although I am a petite size 4, this dress in the S size [size 4-6] defenately did not fit me. The back zipper is too short - - I had to find my way into the dress head first, had trouble pulling it over my bust and the over-all fit was tight.  I was surprised since I am a petite person - - 5ft. 1in. tall and weigh 104 lbs.  I threw the package that this dress came in away - - so could you please send me your address again so that I can return the dress. I would advise anyone interested in these dresses, to size 1 up.  The material is really not as "floaty" as it looks.


Thank you.


