Used this as a Halloween costume. 5'5", 36DD, Large fit ok but was a little loose around the shoulders. Totally cute dress. Paired it with petticoat, bow belt, flip wig and retro sunglasses. Retro Bell of the ball.


The dress fit very well and was super cute but be aware that there is absolutely no give to the fabric. No stretch at all. This makes it quite hard to raise your arms with the cap sleeves. I wanted to wear this to work for NYE but the cap sleeve problem is something I could not overlook (I'm a restaurant hostess that will also flip tables and run food. I can't do any of those if I can't raise my arms.) Unfortunately I had to return it and am looking for another option.


I love this dress.  Especially the fabric pattern- the gothic floral/skull print is simply beautiful.  Many people have surprised me by saying how pretty, sweet, cute and fun they thought the print was, skulls and all.


I ordered a medium (5 feet 6 inches, 120 lbs, 34-28-34).  The medium fits pretty well.  It's just a bit loose in the bust but not a potato sack by any stretch of the imagination.  I'm happy with the medium, but probably could have ordered a small and been just as pleased.  I always size up when I'm unsure though, I'd rather have something taken in by tailor than have it be too small.  You can always cut things shorter, you can't cut them longer.  And returns are a pain.


It held up well in the wash, and maybe if I put it in the dryer it will shrink up a bit.  Well constructed/sewn, good zipper, straight seams, no loose threads, easy ironing.  Good quality garment, well crafted by an expert seamstress.  I plan on buying this dress again soon in a new fabric pattern because I really like the silhouette of this dress.


I LOVE this dress. I got an XXL, I wear size 18 in a dress typically, and had no issue with this one. I do suggest washing once and hanging to dry before you wear it though. I tried it on before washing and was a little worried, but decided to wash and soften a little before wearing it. It fits perfect now. I carry most of my weight in my butt and legs, so this dress is super flattering. My measurements include 40D chest, size 18 in pants, and usually wear an XL tshirt. This dress is super comfy too. Not binding or restricting in anyway! I usually spend $70+ on good dresses for work, so I was SO pleased with the price tag as well!


I bought this for a Halloween costume and got told repeatedly that I should just wear it as regular clothes. The quality was really nice. Just ironed it an it stayed nice and crisp. I am 6’1” and this was still long enough for me.  Great dress.


This is the most perfect vintage dress. I ordered medium and am 5'7 weight 138lb. Dress fits like it was made for me. Love the fabric too, and I am very picky. It is slightly strech, just perfect to hug all the right curves. I would strongly recommend this product. Love love it!


Ugly and frumpy looking. Not as portrayed in the pictures. Know your seller before you buy. Buy the authentic Grace Karin dresses!


Even though I wear a size 12, I bought this dress in X-large because I needed at least 33 in the waist. The bust was little too large as expected because I am a 36-C, but fit every where else. Great material and vibrant colors. I wore it to a Christmas event with family and friends, Everyone loved it...saying how beautiful it was especially with the petticoat. The 40-50s look was a hit!!!!  I and my husband loved this dress. He asked if I was going to buy another.....I will indeed.


Fits beautifully.. giving material and very flattering.  I wore it the first time and received complements.. fits perfect.. love how it's Taylor around the breast area. And I am 5'8.5 and it fits past my knees.  So very nice. I am going to order another color of this dress. Keep up the good quality and work.


Great dress! Fit perfect. I'm a size 6, and ordered a medium. Very happy with it. I added a petticoat underneath.


