I was really disappointed in this dress considering the amount of positive reviews it had.  First of all the color was not a deep wine color as pictured, it was more of a dark red. It was very thin material, I expected it to be heavier and even though it was packaged nicely, it had a terrible smell.. like a really bad chemical smell.. I am normally a size 10-12 in dresses and am a 38DD... I ordered up based on the reviews and got an XL instead of a Large and it was way to big on the top and in the chest area... pretty disappointed.


This dress is super cute! I usually wear a 2x... but purchased a 3x. It was a bit tight on my chest, and right under my chest.


I was impressed with the dress hitting the knee in length, as I’m 5’8” and find it difficult to get proper length without buying tall, which is sometimes too long. Material is thinner than I’d desire, but it’s not cheap. The material is perfect for hot summers. Also, it’s actually very well sewn and very flattering once worn. I received a lot of compliments and would recommend this dress to anyone.


I love love love LOVE this dress. I'm 5'2" and a size 14, with a 38F bust. For curvy women, I know its hard to find something that will fit a smaller waist and still fit in the bust, and this is PERFECT! When I ordered this, my husband said I needed to buy it in as many patterns as I liked because as soon as other women built like me find this dress, there won't be any left (I currently have 3 patterns). I get tons of compliments wearing this style, and think that everyone woman with even a remote amount of curves should try this!!!! I did have to order up for my chest, so if you are on the busty side, keep that in mind!


This dress is so cute! I bought for a 50s sock hop and it is exactly as I expected and fits very well (I bought a large which is my normal size) I will definitely be buying more colors and designs in the future.


the colors were not as they looked in the picture. the purple was not as bold and the dress was shorter than the ones I ordered in the past from this line. the chest area was too large and I wear a 38 bra but the sleeve openings were too tight. I usually wear a dress size 10 but this just didn't look or feel good on me. returned.


I wear a size 18/20 a 3xl fit perfectly.


Very pretty! Would definitely be better with a crinoline and needs a steam before you can wear it. Fabric is stretchy and doesn’t hold shape very well but is super comfortable. 5’11” 185lb 38B ordered a large


I’m 5’2 misses size 12 always in dresses. I ordered an XL and it fit perfectly. It runs true to size. It’s beautiful. Feminine. I plan on ordering more. I ordered the petticoat also. It can be worn either way. Go by your measurements and order. Very highly recommend this dress. I washed it after trying on. It washed very well. I didn’t dry. I sprayed it with wrinkle remover and it looks great. Very happy.


Beautiful dress, however, it runs small.  I returned with plans to purchase later in a larger size.  I am 5' 3 1/2" and about 135 lbs.  I normally wear a small, however, would need a medium.  Also, need to iron.


