this dress fits my short size 12, curvy body very well; just below knee length in an XL, not see thru, and ample room in the bust! Slight stretch which makes it comfy. I wish it came in more prints, not a fan of all those polka dots. Also the dress is mostly cotton, which is what I want for summer dresses.


I love this dress! I bought 2. One all black and one black with cherries. I ordered an XL and a XXL because everyone said to order up one size. I usually wear an XL and that one fit great. Don’t order up a size lol, the neck and chest will be too big.


I was a little worried after reading mixed reviews. But the dress fit perfectly and I received many compliments. I'm 5'4 & 130 lbs. ordered a size small.


I love the dress. I am 5'8" 36 F, dress fit well with no alterations necessary. Wear with petticoat.


Negatives are dry clean only, and easily wrinkles. Haven't had it cleaned but did use my iron on steam setting and I think the dress drew up some(shrank) so keep that in mind.


I will be buying more colors. Wish there was a. Lack w large white polkadot


I am 5'10" and about 162 lbs., in my early 60's and this dress fits really well. I just will take it in a bit in the bodice because I don't have much 'bodice.' :-) I love to dress up for the Kentucky Derby, even though I just watch it from home. I will love this dress for 'Derby Day!' It goes great with my hat I made last year too!


BeAutiful fit and beautiful color


Nice dress, good quality fabric. Fits perfectly. Looks nice with or without a petticoat. I'm 5'3", 140 lb and I got a size M. Falls just below the knee for me.


Love this dress.  I received lots of compliments.  Beautiful color and the material and construction of the dress are high quality.  I paired it with a petticoat to dress it up a bit.  I ordered 2 and will be ordering more colors. I'm 5'2, 150 lbs, 36C and ordered a Large. Dress was a perfect fit, not tight at all.


The fit of this dress was perfect.  I ordered a medium (5'4", 130lbs, moderately curvy) and it was just right.  Very flattering for my pear shape, but, I think it would be good on other shapes as well.  The fabric was just stretchy enough to allow freedom of movement, and not so much that it will stretch out and be misshapen.  The color was just as it appears.  I wasn't expecting such a good dress for the price, I was happily surprised.


Very cute and comfortable, I ordered medium 5'4 156


