Ordered this for a funeral, and it worked great. Can be worn for anything- classy and elegant. I received a lot of compliments.


Love this dress. It’s fitted so had to order an clog but it still was fitted!


Wow! What a gorgeous dress at a great price! Bought this for a wedding and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the material (felt heavy and sturdy) and very impressed at the overall look and feel of the dress. I'm a little under 5.6, 138lbs and it's a perfect fit, couldn't be better if it was custom made. Excited to buy more from this brand!!


Very nice dress,  Top part of dress is too small.  But gonna use a tank top.


The dress looks exactly like the image arrived super quick and fits PERFECT. The top buttons are a little lose so I may be pinning it closed or adding an extra stitch to keep it closed but I couldn't be happier with this purchase


I was very excited about this purchase because I was planning to wear it for an upcoming wedding. When it arrived I was anticapating a great dress but it was slightly uneven and the direction to clean it was not clear.  I planned on returning it but I completely forgot about it.  I believe it is now too late.  I would contact the seller but I am unsure on how to do so.


I am 5'2, 36D, and 155 pounds. I ordered a medium and it fit perfectly. I ironed mine and it turned out fine as opposed to dry cleaning. Very elegant looking dress and good quality material.


I'm 5'2" 190 lbs. I ordered a size xl and it fits perfect. Love!!!!!!


I had to return this dress because it was too large in the waist. I'm not complaining. I don't think I've had to say that since before I had children. Ha Ha. The material is a cotton faile/lycra blend so there's plenty of give. I normally wear a size 10p in Ann Taylor just to give people an idea of sizing. I ordered a Medium. It fit except for the waist. It didn't sit at my waist but closer to my chest. I'm a bit long waisted.


Beautiful dress, nice heavy fabric on the skirt and the dress fits perfectly right out of the bag! Very rare for me as I'm only 5'1" and about 115lbs. The small was perfect!


