LOVE love love this dress! The lace is beautiful, the fit is perfect, and it looks fabulous on everyone! I am 5'6 with curves, and the waistline is exactly where it flatters best. The skirt is a heavy material, but I think that makes it more formal. I wish they had more colors, I would buy more!!!


OMG this dress! Okay, so I was doubtful after reading countless reviews. I needed something special for a work event this Friday and knew if this dress didn't work, that I was stuck. Arrived right on time today, I tried it on immediately and I'm SO happy with my purchase. The quality is fantastic - the lace is soft and not scratchy or irritating, the waistline and belt are right where I want them to be and it is incredibly flattering. My waist looks super tiny. The skirt is heavy (in a good way) and falls how expected. I would recommend a petticoat for those that want a better shape. The skirt falls nicely, but I wanted to hide my hips and the petticoat did the trick perfectly.  The skirt is pretty wrinkled from the packaging, but I'm confident a good steam will get those out with the quality of the material. I do wish I would have ordered the bright blue, somehow I didn't notice other colors when ordering this, but I can accessorize to add some color. For reference I am 5'4" 204 pounds and am pear shaped. I LOVE  this dress and can not wait to wear it. I also have a newfound love for this 50s style and will certainly be ordering more of Missmay styles. I will add pics once I have them. Thank you!


I rolled the dice and came out a winner! At under $40 i was not going to be surprised to receive a cheap quality dress... i am so happy with this dress, the quality of this fabric was beyond my expectations! The material is thicker and stretchier than i could have hoped to expect, which makes for a very forgiving, and flattering in all the right places, dress! The best part is the lace... it truly is lovely and strong and stretchy! Not fragile or tight or constricting at all, (which can tend to happen to girls with bigger shoulders and chests in vintage dresses!) I purchased a large because i was not sure of the amount of stretch available; i probably could have gotten away with a medium. I am 5'4" 36 D and 150 lbs


I love this dress so much, I will most likely purchase more from maker!


This dress is perfect. It fit great. It had more stretch than I thought it would but it still fit nicely. The lace top is soft, not stiff or scratchy. The skirt is a great fabric and construction. It holds its shape all day with out a crinoline. It was a chore trying to iron the skirt because of the pleating. I would advise a steamer or service for that. I received so many complements, even from strangers. I love this dress


This is one of the cutest dresses I have ever bought. It's unique and elegant. I got lots of compliments. I'm 5'6, 125 lbs., athletic build with broad shoulders and the small fit me perfectly.


This dress was a major fail for me. if you have wide hips and butt  don't waste your time or money. Its a beautiful dress and the color was good. I ordered the blue but it looked navy blue to me. I thought it would be more of a royal blue but that was okay. The skirt part of the dress just didn't fit my body type right. It was also very snug in the shoulders, arms and across the back. I let both of my daughters try it on but it was too old fashioned looking for them. The dress was just butt ugly on me. I returned immediately


Wow, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this dress! Great dress for the price! I'd say it really does run true to the sizing chart. I am usually a women's 10 in dresses and I ordered a large even though the size chart said a 10 would be a medium. Usually dresses like this can be stiff and unforgiving, but the dresses material is stretchy with lots of give so the dress is a teensy bit big on me but that's ok, better than too snug. I have a bigger bust and the larger size allows for absolutely no tugging or gapping in the bust area so that's a plus too. But if I were to order again I'd get a medium.


Wow.  I was fearful of ordering this dress here are so many listings for counterfeit clothes that are too expensive to return.  But, I took a risk on this one since it was on Amazon Prime and I could send it back easily.  I have to tell I am SO PLEASED! It knocked me out.  It looks so great.  EXACTLY AS PICTURED.


What I like:  the style is so attractive and and makes anyone look good.  The belt is actually a faux belt across the front so it does not add bulk, but visually makes your waist look smaller.  There is an additional zipper on the side! This makes it fit better and it's easier to put it on/take it off.  The fabric is just a tad stretchy so it looks like it was made just for me.  I also like the elbow sleeves.  IMO that's always the most attractive option.


The fabric is a bit heavy. Obviously synthetic. I would not wear it on a hot day.  So, it's not top of the line, but it was so unbelievably cheap I'm quite impressed with the value.  It's super cute!


Fit a bit large Calculate your measurements according tp the chart provided and then get the smaller size. This dress looks best when tight. I gave it to my mother other amd it fit her perfectly! She's  5'3 180 lbs and this was a large.


This dress works for a variety of body sizes. It gives a nice flattering look that hugs your curves just right, but doesn't leave you feeling restricted. There is plenty of stretch in this dress where you can move comfortably sitting or standing, and wont ride up on you when you reach above your head. I am 5"7 303 lbs and wear a 42 DDD. My only complaint about this dress is the top. it says you can wear it button up or down, but that's not entirely true. The built in camisole is split in the front so when you wear it un button all your breast and bra is exposed so I had to but a lace cami bra to wear under it. Be prepared to have to wear this dress unbutton if you have large breast...plenty of stretch also means tacky looking button gaps! I bought a petticoat to wear under this dress to give it a more full bell shape look, but I think it looks great without one too. I would totally buy this dress again and recommend it. It really does suit all shape and sizes. Decent price too, its made very well.


