This dress is life.  I have rarely had a garment fit me so flatteringly.  I got an infinite number of compliments and love.  I wore this for hours comfortably.  It could use one more button over the bed area due to gaping (don't slouch), but WHO CARES!!  I have pins and they sent an extra button.  Ladies, it stretches well.  Be mindful, lace is tender so be aware of jewelry.  I caught it on rings a few times, but it never tore.  It is just lovely.


I wear a 14-16 normally,  but this XXL fit perfectly!  5'8", 200ish pounds ...  the lace is stretchy,  and NOT ITCHY AT ALL!!!!  The blue is much darker than the picture,  almost like they sent the dark blue,  but its still pretty.  The skirt fabric is heavy,  well made.  It needed a good ironing,  but it ironed up nicely and will look great for a wedding reception I'm going to tomorrow!!!


Beautiful dress! Ordered my normal size but it was just a bit to snug along the lace arms and I felt like I had to wrestle myself into it. I did return the dress but turned right around and ordered the next size up. It gave me a little but more room to move in the dress. Last thing I wanted was to move and have a seam split.  The color is very vibrant and I can't wait to wear it!


I really wanted to like this dress because the style is beautiful.  The blouse part of the dress was perfect.  The "lace" material was soft and had a tailored, elegant look.  However, I was not impressed with the skirt portion of the dress.  It was made out of some weird stretchy, heavy, nylon material and was just too long and baggy.  I understand the skirt is supposed to flare out but it was just way too big and not proportionate with the top.  It's like the bottom part was made for a bigger size.  I'm 5' 2", 118 lbs, 34C and ordered the dress in size small.  Sadly, I had to return it.


The dress is lovely. It looks as advertised. The fabric is sturdy and has good give. The lace is soft - not itchy. I'm currently between a 10 & 12 size, 36D bust, 5'4" tall, hour glass figure. The 3 star rating is for 2 issues I had with the dress: 1)the non-functional zipper. I was able to get it down to try it on but when my husband tried to zip it up it was a no go. The zipper stopped half way. It appears the fabric on the inside gets stuck when the dress is on. This is not a problem if I'm not wearing the dress. And it has plenty of give - Not too small. 2) There is extra string in the bust area of the lace. It comes from the seem that give the dress a great fit in the bust.


I will request another in exchange for this one. Very cute dress. I think it is best worn with a petticoat.


I bought this dress for my 40th birthday dinner.....i received it in 3 days....i tries it on and it fitted so nice, i sent it to the cleaners to iron out the wrinkles....When i put it on , my boyfriend liked it as well...I got alot of compliments and i think i might order the navy one as well....I really love it


Really elegant dress! When I open it in Christmas I though the skirt was big, like a circus tent - but I was wrong. It looks really nice and is very comfortable. Got the small and fits great- not too lose or too tight I am about 120 pounds and 5’6”). It has zipper in the back and bottoms in the front that makes it easy to put on. From the wait up has an attached shirt so is not see through. It might feel a little heavy when you hold it because of the fabric but when you put it on is not that noticeable or doesn’t affect its comfort. Love the dress and would recommend it!


This dress fit PERFECTLY - I ordered the Large size (I'm 5'3, 160lbs). The lace is surprisingly soft, and although the fabric is a little stiff I expect it to relax over time. You may need someone else to zip the back for you. I got so many compliments on this dress I'm going to order more Miusol brand dresses :)


I really like this dress, but I had to take it to the dry cleaners because the bottom portion was completely wrinkled, way beyond anything I could tackle with the iron.  I purchased at such a reasonable price which made the additional professional pressing easier to accept.  Shopping methods could use an improvement, it came stuffed into my mail box in a shipping bag.  It looks nice and fits well, I am only 5' and I bought a small and the length is fine.


I love love the dress! I wore it for family pictures and it was perfect. Way better quality than I expected it to be for the money. I also bought the pedicoat.


