Holy cow. Ok, I am not a petite woman. I have a big bum, tummy, and ARMS. I love the look of lace, just not the sound it makes as I burst the seams.


THIS DRESS IS STRETCHY!!! Even the lace bits! Ahhhhh! Hear that? Angels are singing. I wore the dress all day feeling like Donna Reed meets Tracy Turner. I love this dress.


While it fit as expected, it was not at all flattering.  Granted, at 5'3 and 150#, I'm not the most svelte of creatures, but I didn't expect it to make me look like a two-ton whale!  Full skirts are not flattering for gals with hips and butts!


Followed the advice of other buyers and purchased this dress.  I LOVED this dress.  Fits so nice and can be worn to just about anywhere.  Work, church, funeral, etc.  it is true to size chart.  I'm 5'9 155lbs small chested, pear shaped and I got a Med.  If you have large breasts you may have to go up a size.  Top of dress is form fitting and fit me like a glove.


Absolutely beautiful dress. I bought this to wear to my cousins wedding in Europe. This dress was perfect and I got many compliments on it. It was comfortable, fit very well. I could have gone down a size even, as the material is stretchy, but I like a bit of a looser fit vs skin tight. The color of the dress was just like in the picture, a deep dark blue. It hit slightly at the knee, I am 5'5" and usually wear a size 18. Just simply perfect!


I have been in love with this dress for so long


And I finally purchased it


I am not disappointed!


This is a Small


And thats my size in everyting


But it fits too big


So an XSmall wouldve been better


However


It doesnt bother me to the point where i’d return it


Its not worth the hassle


It fits great


Looks great


Feels great


I’d be wearing this to church


The material is stretchy and feels comfortable. The zipper is hard to pull but instead of unzip the zipper, I just unbutton the front in order to pull over the dress. It is a very black dress, the bottom is very large and it is really wrinkle. Kind of heavy because the bottom has lot of fabric. I'm keeping it because the price is very reasonable.


Second time around with this dress. 5'7" 180 lbs needed the 2XL. Beautiful heavy fabric feels so high quality but the pleats were absolute garbage. Needs ironing to even be wearable. I'll do the work but this is the second time I ordered the dress and both times the pleats were just wrinkled masses.


This dress was perfect. My daughter loves black and is not big on fluff and frills. She is not a fan of dressing up fancy. But she needed a dress to wear to her friend's homecoming. This one had just enough no nonsense and just enough pretty detail to fit the bill perfectly. The compliments were non stop. It fit well, and was comfortable.


Bought one size up as suggested in other reviews.  I like this dress as it covers my arms yet feels like it will keep me cool for a summer semi- formal wedding.  The skirt portion came very wrinkled so I hope it will iron out easily.


Ladies, this dress is absolutely beautiful and it fit perfectly.  I am super happy I bought it!!!! The material is really nice and it fit perfectly. True to the size.  I am 5ft, 10 inches tall and I weight 157lb. I bought a medium and it fit sperfectly.  I am so happy I purchase it and I can't wait to wear it. You won't regret buying this dress.


