This is one super dress!  I got compliments all day long.  Super nice material that was sooo comfortable, however the dress looked very elegant.  I added the right accessories and this was a total hit.  I am a 10-12 and ordered the large and it was perfect!  A must have in your wardrobe!


This dress was beautiful. I'm a bigger gal and from the front, it was very slimming. It was quite tight in the bosom area which is fine if you are going out o a date but wasn't quite appropriate for the baptism I intended to wear it to. That being said, I had to send mine back. The zipper was very sticky where the lace met the cotton fabric, even with the dress off and the zipper right in front of me I struggled. Sadly, the zipper completely ripped when trying to zip it up 5 minutes before I was to leave for my event. Perhaps I got a defective one.


Comfy, cute, lots of compliments!  If only it had pockets ;)


The belt was a bit bigger then my waist, but I was able to put a little cloth tape behind the "buckle?" and it held fine.


The pleated skit is a bit to manage, but you can iron them (thank goodness) and it's survived being washed. Well, I need to starch and iron the pleats, but the dress / fabric survived.


I wore it in some chilly weather, and was comfortable enough for it being a dress.  The length is nice.


This dress is beautiful and fits very well overall.  I am 5”7 about 200lbs, with 36G size boobs. I typically wear a size 16 in dresses I ordered a size XXL in this dress. I usually only buy vneck or low cut dresses because button ups typically do not work for me. However this dress FITS! I am extremely pleased with this dress and the stretchy material. It fits perfectly around my waist and makes me appear thinner then I am.


Really pretty dress, but ... I would normally buy a 2x (size 20), but on seeing reviews decided to buy the 3 x.  Unfortunately it is way too small.


According to the size chart, a 3x should be:


Size


3X


US Size 22W - 24W


Bust 50 - 52


Waist 43 - 45


In reality, this dress has the ACTUAL measurements of the size chart's Size 12:


Size 0X


US Size 12W


Bust 40


Waist 33


I couldn't really try it on, but when i draped its shoulder to mine, the waist would have hit in the middle of my bust.


I'm giving 2 stars for the color/look and the free returns!


This dress is the bomb! I'm 5'5 209lbs and I ordered the XL.  The material is great quality,  it fits perfectly, the price is perfect... you just couldn't ask for anything else! And I'm going back to order it in black! Awesome!


The dress was a bit snug and I decided it did not fit my body type.  I am very large up top and this was too snug for my comfort.  I returned the dress and decided against buying online for a while.  I wear a 14 to 16 depending on the item and I bought the XL as per many reviews I read.  But most women are not a  36-"G" cup; so not quite working for my comfort. overall the dress did look nice , just not on me. Thanks for all the great reviews they were very helpful.


I loved the dress when I saw it online, checked the size, compared the fit to other women that appeared to be my size or larger.  When I received the dress and started to try it on....it wouldn't even go over my boobs  (44H)! The waist apparently is very small and prevented me from being able to even try it on.Stepping into it is NOT an option either. Looks like I will be returning it.


I bought an xl (normally a size 12) and it fits comfortably. Fabric is a little course but the dress is pretty. I had to give it 3 stars because it was missing a button. I have to decide if I want to keep it and fix it or return it.


I'm 5'3, 160lbs. I ordered a medium and it fit me well. Received a lot of compliments.


