Love this dress! The top part is a stretchy material, which is great! The skirt portion of the skirt is much larger than shown in the picture. If you're not a stick, it was be very unflattering to the behind!


This dress is amazing! I saw that it great reviews, but I always hesitate on ordering clothes online. I just loved the dress so much, I had to order it. I read most reviews and ordered my dress two sizes bigger. It's a tiny,tiny bit loose but very figure flattering. I normally wear a XL and ordered a 3x. It's so beautiful, I decided to wear it for my Halloween wedding.


Beautiful vintage style dress, great quality, five stars!


The material is of a high quality and the dress is beautiful.  My wife likes that the chest area has an extra internal layer of coverage so that she does not necessarily have to wear a blouse under it.


The length of the dress was also perfect.


Not crazy about the collar, too pointy.


I do not like this dress and would not recommend.


I ordered this dress for a themed day at work. I have to say it fit amazingly, and was so comfortable all day! The lace is beautiful, and the skirt has such a good volume to it. I love the ability to adjust the front by buttoning or unbuttoning. Overall this was a great purchase and I would order from this company again.


I ordered this dress, and honestly, love it! I am 5'2 , 117lbs the waist just a bit lose but other than that perfect, it is good material and the color is just as the picture they have online.


I really loved this dress, I was going to wear it to a wedding but it fit a tad too big, ordered 2XL. The material is stretchy and the belt is rather cute, not removable. The sleeves are very soft and stretchy too which was my concern since I have huge arms. All in all I really did like it and I am sad that I had to return.


Really great dress! Nice a line flare, good length, material is weighted nicely and appears much more expensive than i bought it for. Highly recommend!


