I got lots of compliments! Nicely made. Nice fabric. Use a medium iron!


Dress is beautiful but I am larger in the bust, 38DD and the L is slightly small on top. I usually wear a M-L. I can wear it but felt a size larger would be more comfortable for dancing so I have ordered that one. Quality fabric. I would recommend it. 5'2" 158#


Beautiful dress! Quality material exceeded my expectations for sure ! I wear a 6 US and ordered a medium it fits perfect !


I bought this dress as a bridesmaid dress....loved it! Had to alter it because I'm only 5ft (and added some bling for the wedding) but everything else fit perfect! Loved everything about this dress!


This wasn't even close to the dress I received. It took me a while to try it on, meaning I couldn't send it back. The dress I got had short sleeves and a somewhat childish flower knit pattern. The only thing that was similar to what I ordered was the color. I'm really disappointed that I didn't check sooner as I'm now stuck with an ugly cap-sleeved dress with huge flowers. Do not recommend.


Beautiful dress. I bought this to wear at my wife's OCS graduation. The bottom fabric is thick and heavy, not thin like I was expecting and it came to just below my knees. The lace top is stretchy and comfortable. Very good quality dress for such a great price.


Love this dress. Fits perfect. Stretchy material up top that fits very comfortably. Fits to size. Can't wait to wear it tomorrow.


I liked this dress and got compliments, the dress is flattering, but I personally felt it was a little snug, while sitting, the waist was a little too high, so I was constantly adjusting the waist band.  Don't get me wrong, it really is a cute dress, I wear 2XL and probably would have been more comfortable sizing up.  For this reason I gave it 4 stars.


This dress is beautiful, but BEWARE--ORDER UP A SIZE.  I usually order a Large, but had to reorder in an XL.  Well worth the money.


This was a great buy. I had so many compliments when I started wearing this to work. It has a classic style that everyone loved.


