This dress fits perfectly. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the material is a bit strange, and the dress likes to come up a lot when you are walking which isn't cute in any way.


This is so retro and so awesome and has thick great material well-made thank you again Amazon!


For the price this dress cannot be beat! I love it this will definitely be my go to dress for any event. I have a large chest 38D and ordered the XL it fits across the chest but is tight. The hips could fit a little tighter but with the extra room needed at the top it fits well.  I would highly recommend this dress to anyone.  If your are in the fence, order it you will be pleasantly surprised.


I have really large chest area. It fit snug around just my chest area but perfect fit on rest of my body. Looked beautiful on me. I loved it.


I love the dress but it runs very small. The quality is great but I found the style a bit too young for myself ( I am 62).  I generally wear a large and ordered an XL but that was also very small.


I am 5.5 ft tall, 34DDD, and 44in hip...quite curvy! I order this dress in a medium and I love it! It's flattering yet elegant!  I received so many complements!


Adorable dress, excellent quality for the price. I would definitely buy from this company again. Fun and flirty dress that still fits into office party appropriate category.


Beautiful dress!!! Very flattering.  Love that it goes to the elbows and covers the knee. Perfect length. Not too short and not too long.  Got it for my daughter who's 5"3 and weighs around 110. Got the smallest size and it fit well. And great price.


My daughter loves this dress. The size chart was pretty accurate as it fit as expected. I bought the black with the black petticoat which made the dress pop. She wore it to a party and received so many compliments. For the price, its a great buy. Buy it!


I wore this as a costume in a play set in the 1950s, so it was perfect! My mom wore it to a party and everyone was complimenting her, so it was a great buy. We just had to make it a little shorter because it was too long for our liking


