Ok let me start off by saying that I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this dress!! The style, the way it fits, the way it makes you feel, I just love it. I'm 5'7 and weigh about 200 lbs, so I'm a curvy girl. After reading some of the other reviews I decided to get a size XXL, and it fit me perfectly. I didn't have that "I'm pregnant" look you get from some dresses that have the belt on them. I got ample compliments on this dress, and referred them to where I got it, seller included. I wish it came in white, I think that would be awesome. The dress has a good weight at the bottom of it so it's definitely not made from any cheap material. The lace is great, it's just honestly a GREAT dress!! I love the face that you can keep it buttoned up for a prestigious event or unbutton it and still look very classy sexy. With heels, you're ready for a night on the town, or with some flats for a casual event. It was very comfortable I put it on at 8:30 am & didn't take it off until after 11 pm that day. It was a long day of events and traveling might I add. & the dress held up in all that travel time, it didn't wrinkle or look bad. This is one of the best pieces of clothing that I've purchased from online & been this happy about. I will be purchasing more pieces from this seller. I more than highly recommend. I wish I could give this 10 stars because that's just how happy it made me.


Arrived right on time. Fits perfectly. I got a size medium and I'm 5"4 and 150 pounds. Looks amazing. Very pleased with the quality.


Wish it had more colors...the material is great...I'm pretty busty & wear a size 16 and I ordered XXL and it fit great. I would say a 14 or 18 could fit XXL as well because you may be shaped differently. I'm curvy and tall.


Very nice dress for any occasion! Fits well. 140lb, 32-34B, 5.6' I bought size M.


I love this dress!! I was so nervous about the sizing, I normally wear between a small-medium and a 4-6 in dresses. I kept reading that it ran a little big though so I took my chance and ordered the small, so glad I did! It fits perfectly with stretch and room. I was super nervous about the lace on my arms because I have more muscular arms, but it fits perfectly with some stretch too. The only complaint I have is when I turn to the side, you can kind of see my bra/skin through the button holes etc. But all and all I am very satisfied with this dress and can't wait to wear it for Valentine's dinner! Black dress, tights, black tights with some red add on =)


Just to help other people find the best size for them, I am 5"3 and weight 145 lbs and am curvy with muscle mass. I am 35C-26-36.


Received this dress in error but absolutely LOVE it! The lace detail is flawless. Stretchy material so you have room to move and breathe. Worn a red petticoat and red heels to add color. Received tons of complements (from women and men)


Love this dress, received a lot of compliments. I am not a petite woman, 5'10 210 lbs, I believe this dress is great for any shape.


Finding a dress my size can be quite difficult because of my petite build. With that in mind I didn't have high expectations when I purchased this dress, especially because I couldn't try it on beforehand. But, my brother's wedding was only 2 short days away and I needed something to wear and I couldn't get over how beautiful this dress appeared. I scoped the reviews multiple times, searching for reviews from petite girls in hopes that it would fit. I didn't have much luck. Despite that, took and chance and I'm pleased to say that it fit wonderfully with just a little wiggle room. You don't even notice. It's a beautiful dress and I recieved tons of compliments on it. The only complaint I have are the wrinkles on bottom half of the dress that I haven't been able to get out yet. Though they're not too noticeable. Besides that, I'd definitely recommend!  For reference, I'm 5'3, 33 bust, and 26 waist.


I went to wear my dress Sunday and thought, "This is fitting weird." I took the dress off and there it was, it was sewn improperly. Take a look. I like the few items I've purchased under this brand. Don't get me wrong, it's a beautiful dress, especially if it was sewn properly. This was a disappointment.


Fast shipping! Cute dress, but does run big! Give yourself enough time take to the cleaners to get the wrinkles out. Overall I'm happy with it!


