This is a beautiful dress that I purchased for job interviews. I'm 5'6", 170 lb, and pear-shaped and an XL fit me perfectly. The fabric on the skirt is heavy, but the mesh sleeves are light weight and slightly stretchy. The cut is very flattering, and I'm so happy with this purchase.


This is the first piece of clothing i have ever purchased online. It fits great looks great i am just going to have to have the skirt part taken up as im a short woman at 5'1" and 130lbs and the skirt makes me look shorter then i all ready am. I was kinda expecting having to have it taken up. I ordered a small


The dress fit great. Most importantly it was very comfortable. My husband accidentally washed it with his jeans and it came out just fine. Saved him from being yelled at. I recieved a lot of compliments on how nice and how flattering it looked. I'm a size 16 and it really made me feel confident when I wore it.


It is really cute and dresses well, but the medium size is a bit to big for my daughter. I believe it fits somehow larger for a medium size. But I will keep it.


A bit tight on the bust.  The bottom is made of a stiff cotton mix material and does not lay flat.  Because it lays stiff, it makes you look much sider than you are.


Get the crinoline! This is a really great dress, a large fits a 5 foot 5 female who is approximately 170 pounds, and who is between a size 10 and 12 right now. Very well made, although I am going to have to do a small amount of stitching to close the seam in the back right above where the zipper ends. You will have to steam the skirt.


I took a chance and bought this dress online and I'm so glad I did! It fits great, I'm 5'5 and about 150 and I got the medium. I'm fairly broad chested and I have no issue with the zipper. It has plenty of stretch and will look amazing with some red lipstick.


I'm an XL. I bought the XL. I couldn't get it past my bust, and when I did get it on, it wouldn't zip. I ended up giving it to a friend who wears a Large. It was a little tight on her, but fit and was able to be zipped.


It's just that I was not aware that it was made with a heavy, thick fabric. I bought it for an out of doors fuction and the fabric is too thick for summer. So it was returned. However, it is very pretty dress, my only problem is the thickness of the fabric would not serve me in a southern summer environment.


This dress is fun! Fits well. Fabric feels like good quality. I took another buyer's advice and bought a red petticoat to wear underneath. Can't wait to wear it!


