It's a bit small on the bust but this is a very forgiving dress no matter the size....do not machine wash though.


I like the look online - very Princess Kate. I ordered a small (I'm 5'3" and about 125lbs with an hourglass shape). The very top portion fit beautifully, but the waist was about a couple inches too loose and the belt is purely decorational, so there was no way to tighten it. Also the skirt part was a very stiff fabric, not flowy, which was not incredibly comfortable.


I was hoping this would fit well for my company's holiday party, since it looks great in the photos here, but it just missed the mark for my figure.


It looks very nice, does have just enough stretch to be comfortable. It is a good length for an evening party, it falls just around the knee. For anybody who needs to decide what size to get like I did, I am 5'4" weigh 124  I bought a size small fits well.


The fabric is not the easiest to maintain and probably requires dry cleaning. But the dress looked gorgeous and I got lots of compliments. The colour and design was as shown in the picture and shipping was fast. The sizing was accurate and given that it has some stretch you definately do not need to do a size up. This dress gave a great shape to your figure.


I bought a medium and that's what size I usually wear. Fits wonderfully, and covers the areas that you may feel uncomfortable with. A comfortable dress. I received many compliments on it, I love it. One complaint is that you can see the string where the fold is on the lace top. I can put it back on the inside though when it happens, it just takes me a minute.


I have a long torso and large bust and that caused the beltline on this dress to ride up way too high to give the June Carter look I was going for.  The upper arms of the sleeves were VERY snug. I considered making alterations to make it work when the zipper broke. Returning.


I love the dress.  Had it pressed for an event. Put it on and the lace is unraveling on both side of the cheat area.  No time to exchange so I had to find another option.  Hate that I spent money on something I can never wear!


Gorgeous dress with or without a petticoat.  I bought it in black and feel so glamorous and get so many compliments in it  that I have also bought it in navy blue.  This dress looks a lot more fabulous that the $26 that I paid for it.  I am 5'6" and weigh 125 and got a small.  It fits beautifully, though I put a stitch in the bust area to be sure it doesn't gap, as sometimes a fitted bodice can do.


It was a beautiful dress but I'm a petite. The dress was to long waisted. The skirt hung down to my calves. I was really bummed. I'm a 36 C ' 5'1 -125 pds. I ordered  medium. But, even if I ordered a small- (& I would) but I need something that hits my knee & isn't so long waisted. So if your a petite it won't fit.


Loved this Dress! It fit perfectly. I am a little overweight and this accentuated my curves in a flattering way! I have big arms and the 3/4 sleeves were a good fit. I could have bought a Large Size because the material is stretchy but I carry a lot of fat in my arms so I have to get XL because of that. The good thing is if your body is un-proportionate like mine, you may want to get the size you wear and make adjustments where you see fit. To me that is more of a body issue than a dress issue. So again, This dress fit as expected and the material is good and thick and not cheap. Love it!!!!


