The quality and color on this dress was really pretty.  I'm 5'6" at 180lbs and ordered a Large, the length was great but my boobs were pulling the buttons open.  The arms bands just below the elbow don't stretch and it felt too tight.  I returned because of this but if I ordered again I'd go with the XL instead.


I ordered a 3x because I have really big arms, but a 2x would've worked fine. I'm 5'10 and about 240lbs.  The material is very stretchy and soft, and the lace actually covers my tattoos quite a bit (I have full sleeves).


If I order the other color, i'll get a 2x. Just below knee length on me, perfect!


I bought this dress for a banquet that I attended and it worked great for the occasion. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the dress was good for just that one occasion. The quality matches the price, which isn't bad because the price was good - but I did not keep the dress after wearing it one night.


I loved this dress.  I wore it for a company meeting.  It was very comfortable (especially for an all day event).  The arm area is stretchy but the cuff part was still a bit tight (common issue for me with shirts) but not uncomfortable.  I received a lot of compliments on the dress as well.  The royal blue was a very nice color.


Absolutely love this dress. Originally bought it to wear for Halloween. Dressing up for the 60's.


However, after receiving this dress I will wear it a lot! Very comfortable fabric. The dress does run small. I usually wear XL but bought 2X. I probably could have wore 1XL but it wasn't available at the time. Now my two daughters want one!!!!


The dress looks just like the picture. It is a tight fit, beautifully shaped dress. I thought put on and off was very difficult, but I later found a zipper on the back, which was great. The reason I did not give 5 stars is that the material of the skirt is too heavy. It is like a rain coat. Also, the skirt was full of firm winkles and it was not easy to iron it. Another thing I am not crazy about is the belt. The belt part looks cheap and not well made.


I love this dress! I bought it for a winter wedding, but I plan on wearing it this summer to another wedding. I was surprised by the quality of the dress for the price. The thick material is flattering for curvy women. I am a full-busted gal (36G) and decided to go with XXL but probably could have went with just the XL (the arms and waist were a bit roomy). I wore a nude bra with thick straps and you really couldn't see it under the lace.  The dress does definitely need to be pressed before wear. However, I am extremely pleased with my purchase and received many compliments! :)


I hate dresses, I also hate shopping. I needed to get a dress for a wedding next week so I took a shot in the dark with this dress. Honestly couldn't be happier, it fits perfectly and will be in my regular rotation of pit black clothing (I'm a musician). I was worried about the arm size because I have massive arms (also a shotputter / thrower) but the arms are stretchy and comfortable. I went back and ordered a second dress in navy blue.


I was very nervous that the dress would not fit, but seeing the reviews and they were on point.  I am 5'6 weight 208 I pick xxl and it fit my curly shape very beautiful.  Love this dress the material is just right and the top is like a peek a boo type look which fit the event I attended.  It wasn't to much being seen and not to much shown.  A must have dress for all women!


The quality was a lot better than I expected, even the lace is quite thick and durable feeling. The collar seemed a bit stiff though, and overall it was WAY too big for me... I'm 5'00" and 100lbs and the small looked ridiculous on me, like I was a little child playing dress up with her mom's clothing. It's a cute style, I just wish they offered smaller sizes for more petite women :(


