This dress met my expectations and more!! True to size as well!! 5 stars


Love the dress. Get a lot of compliments. It fits perfect.


This dress is gorgeous!  It fit perfectly and the top is stretchy, which is a huge bonus.  Buttons in the front so also a big bonus.  There is a small zipper in the back, but I was able to pull it up myself.  I received so many compliments in this dress.  Wore it to a friend's wedding and it was just wonderful to wear.  And I never, ever wear dresses.  My boyfriend actually laughed when I first walked out because he didn't know what happened to me.  I can't recommend this enough for a cute night out or an event.  Even my dry cleaner asked where I got it - she ended up ordering one for her daughter!


Wonderful! Super soft and has a good amount of stretch to accommodate different shapes. It is all one piece as well. I'm the photo I wasn't sure if it had a belt or a jacket. It's all sewn together so it's easy to take on and off. There's a zipper in the back that goes up to the mud back. I purchased a petticoat to put underneath to add some fullness. Also I'm short so it helps raise the hemline a tad.


Bought this dress for my beloved aunt's funeral . It was PERFECT. I don't own many dresses , so I bought this one to look my best in her honor . It fit like it was made just for me . My measurements are 36" Bust , 28"Waist , 35" Hips . I ordered size Small . It has enough stretch to fit someone a tad larger than me also . It's also extremely comfy . The skirt part is prone to wrinkle . I didn't have time to iron it , though . I also don't own an iron . I steamed it and tossed it into a warm dryer . Had I ironed it , I may have avoided wrinkles . Nobody noticed the wrinkles . My whole family loved my dress and I got nothing but compliments on it :-) It also gave me a more hourglass look . I'm a ruler shape . I love things that make me look more curvy . This did :-)


Surprisingly lovely dress.  I ordered both the L and XL as I was unsure - both fit, but it is a bit high waisted so I kept the XL as it felt a little lower.  Would be great if the body could be longer so it fit on the waist and not higher up - having a larger bust pulls the waist higher.  Still it will be perfect for a night out, and who can argue with the price.  Note - plan on having to have it pressed really well, so allow a day or so extra for that, it comes in a small plastic bag and is very creased.  Also, I had the cleaners remove the belt (it's attached but only a half belt at the front) and added my own belt to jazz it up for an evening/cocktail party.  Lace is stretchy so it's super comfortable.  Will be looking at this brand again!


Ordered wrong size.  Got cancelled and asked for fast reorder.  My problem.  First came so fast.  Reorder took longer, but came incomplete!  Top is supposed to be sweetheart neck-line with lace overlay from waist up full upper gorse, with "satin trimmed" collar and v-neck with lace 3/4 " sleeve.  Mine came with total lace upper body/sleeves as expected but NO SWEETHEART SOLID TORSO.  JUST LACE FROM WAIST UP.  Unwearable without buying dressy tea-shirt to wear under.  Beautiful dress, when completed.  Would not recommend rush-order!


LOVE LOVE this dress !!! I found this dress on Pinterest and was nervous about placing an order on Amazon because I have recently written complaints on two orders gone bad and no valid response back from them or the crooked seller.  This dress is very flattering and arrived on time!!! Only thing I'd change is add pockets since it has the pleats to hide them.  If you are looking for something classy , figure flattering this is the dress !! It fits true to my size but the arms are a little snug so maybe a size up if you aren't looking for a fitted look on top. Overall it exceeded my expectations !


I cannot begin to say how much I love this dress.  I usually wear a large, and ordered a large.  It fits great, looks perfect, looks expensive.  the lace looks beautiful but has a stretch to it so it doesn't feel confining.  The dress did make me look skinner.  The ONLY downfall is the zipper when it changes from the skirt fabric to the lace is a little hard to pull, but if someone is around to help you then it goes well.  I wore this dress for Christmas eve and a wedding in a winery and got compliments on it from complete strangers.  Its so comfortable I could seriously wear it every day, and I usually dislike wearing dresses!


This dress is beautiful and I love it! It fits perfectly on me. I am 5'2" and 120 lbs., so I got a size small.


Tip: wash it before wearing it out. The skirt felt very stiff after taking it out of the package, so I thought washing it would help it soften out. I was worried about washing it in the washing machine but tried it anyway. Note: this is what I did, you dont have to do it if you don't feel comfortable doing it or you can find some other way. LIGHT SOIL LEVEL (if you have that option in your washer), TAP (very) COLD WATER, and DELICATES. Dry LOW DELICATES.. aaaand voila! It came out soft and no wrinkles.


The material is really good, it's not thin so the quality of it is good, unlike the ones I see in stores where it feels like they will rip apart or wear out fast.


I'm glad I found this here. It is such a nice dress with good quality material at such an affordable price!


