Cute style, flattering, non itchy lace top.  Slightly difficult to iron with the pleating on the skirt but I get compliments every time I wear it.


Gorgeous! Modest! Received many compliments. Wore it as a pianist in a wedding.


I read the reviews and ordered a 2XL---I am a busty size 14-16 depending on brand. I loved the dress. Very well made wonderful stretch in the fabric and incredibly flattering on a curvy figure. Excellent quality for the price. Only downside is the way it was packaged: it arrived in a wrinkled ball, but I have a steamer and that did the trick.


It's VERY flattering! Has some "forgiveness" in the style & fit so very high on my list! Color is rich & more interesting than the typical  black. Wish they would come out with in a Lipstick or Currant red. It would be GORGEOUS! & I would definitely buy it!!!


Loved the style of the dress, unfortunately it was small


I wore this to the work xmas party, I ordered a large size usually I am a medium, but from reading the reviews went up a size. I think the price is about right and with the right jewellery, it looked good. I like the top especially and the skirt is ok. Remember you get what you pay for.I think the illustration is an honest representation.


This is one of the most flattering dresses I've ever owned. The dress itself was a little heavier than I thought, which is good as I will be able to wear it in the fall/winter without freezing. The lace on the top makes it great for summer and spring. I purchased a petticoat to go underneath, just to give the skirt a little more oomph. Overall, I love this dress!


I wear a size16 and ordered the xxl it fit perfectly. The material all around is stretchy which makes the dress very comfortable. even the arms stretch. It came a little wrinkled....just spray with Downy wrinkle release!


I really love this dress! It was exactly what I expected. And a huge hit at the wedding I wore it to. The only thing that needs to be fixed is its a bit long. I'm so short. 5' 1" (on a good day lol) and it was about a half inch too long. If I had time before the wedding I would have shortened it a tad, but I still LOVE this dress!


missmayu+00ae Women's vintage 1950sstyle 3/4 it fit me perfectly altoogh i'm a size 8-10 it run less than you need for your size.


buth the quality is perfect.


