Can not say enough about this dress or MissMay!!! Absolutely love this:) This is the second dress from MissMay we have purchased and both have been of exceptional quality. If you are plus size these are the dresses for you!!! The fit is perfect and the dress lays beautifully. Do not delay if you are considering this purchase!!! Get it, you will not regret it. The original purchase came very fast but unfortunately the wrong size had been sent, we contacted MissMay and received a prompt refund and then repurchased the same dress. It came to us very quickly and was in perfect condition.


I read reviews and realized i needed to buy one size up, So normally a large or and XL I bought the XXL. I think the top portion of this is a very nice, it fit well and looked good. However, the cut of the dress and the fabric of the skirt is really bizarre, like so many other reviews said the skirt is massive and way too full. Firstly the waist was really high (almost like empire waist) which might have worked but for the very stiff, starchy hard fabric that the skirt part is made of which created a very wide almost puff ball illusion all the pleats in this skirt (not flattering) didn't help either would have been alright if the fabric was light and flowing but hard and starchy meant i am already curvy so this shaped made me look like Humpty Dumpty! Returning it since Humpty is not my style.


I am 5.4 , 190lb I ordered the navy blue and Large size. Then on a second thought I wanted to change it to XL because I thought it would be a lot sung. Thank goodness it's been shipped so I couldn't change it. So, the dress arrived super quick and I wore it for a test. It fits beautifully and gives a girly look. However, I had to iron it because it came out very rumpled. I have three reasons for giving this dress 3 stars. first, the skirt material quality wasn't as I expected n the length was just a little below my knee. I expected  a good soft material and for it to drop well below my knee since I am average height. Also the fact that its not machine washable. Overall, it is a chickly dress. Just stay true your size.


First let me say I love this dress.  A previous reviewer was correct.  It's quite a Princess Cate (Middleton) style.  However, with that said, the sizing is off, and I don't know where the product was stored but, the first dress I ordered had a musty odor to it.  I would ordinarily take an XL-1X, dependent on the maker and I had to take a 3X to be comfortable in this dress.  It is surprisingly well made though, and the fabric is stretchy and comfortable.  Color is a beautiful dark navy.  And, for the price, it's a keeper.


Based on my measurements I was going to order an XXL. I have a 41" bust, 36.5" waist, and 43" hips, and I'm 5'4. After reading the reviews with pictures of women with similar body shapes saying they could've gone smaller I decided to purchase the XL instead. It fits my waist perfectly. It fits my bust but the material by the buttons does pull a little as it's a snug fit. Since it's black it isn't easy to tell, though. It falls right below my knees, so a tea length dress. I love this dress.


The material has a good bit of weight to it and seems durable. The lace is thick and very soft. I imagine it will hold up well over time. It did come packaged in plastic and covered in wrinkles, though.


My only complaint is that the stitching in one of my sleeve cuffs wasn't finished off correctly, and there's a knot of string in a point that scrapes against my arm as I move. Not a big issue to where I wouldn't recommend the dress. It's an easy fix that's worth it for such a such a nice dress.


Lovely, well-made dress; the skirt is heavier material than expected, and in a GOOD way. There is some stretch to the material, so putting it on, while awkward due to the back-middle zipper opening, is totally doable if you have the right size. My daughter is 120 lbs, 5'6", size 36-28-37 and the dress is very flattering; she has the SMALL size.  I fluffed the dress in the dryer with a damp cloth to lightly steam out the wrinkles from shipping, and it worked easily without having to wash the whole dress. The pleats are fantastic and really 'make' the look. She wore this with tall black boots instead of heels to a dance; totally cute look either way. She also wore a tan bra and it is not noticeable under the dress at all. Nice to have a lovely AND comfortable dress that does not require special undergarments. Great shipping, nice quality item!


I read the review on this dress before ordering.  I am 5'4 and 135 lbs. and ordered a medium vs a small.  The material is nothing special.  I always steam new dresses before trying them on and it was not easy to get the pleats to line up.  It also would probably do well with something to "fluff" it up by the skirt part. Although is is pretty on for me it was crazy how the dress is designed.  There are buttons in the front and then midway down the back is the zipper.  Getting it off was not easy because of the thin straps getting tangled.  Glad it worked out for others.


I order this dress for a Wedding and after party I am 5'5" and weigh about 180 lbs. I ordered size XX-Large in Bright blue I really love this dress and got responses "I love your dress..." After receiving it being that the material is really nice I used a hand steamer to get the wrinkles out the bottom part of the dress. This dress has insides straps so when putting on the dress be sure to put your arms through the straps so that it won't be pulling and hurting your arm pits. I had already put makeup on and had to take the dress back off trying not to get it on my dress, and put my arms through the straps in order for it to properly be comfortable and fit under my arm pits with no problems. I wore it the entire evening from 3:00 pm at the Wedding & reception until 1 am the next morning chilling and dancing with family & friends and it was so comfortable.


So I read through the reviews before deciding to give this item a shot (as you should before buying anything online). A girl said she was 5'4" and 160 and it fit like a dream in a medium. I'm 5'4" and 140 but pretty top heavy with a 36D being my preferred size but I might need to move up a size there too. This dress is great. It's a heavy fabric material and very stretchy but without that "show all your flaws" you get from a thinner material. The waist set slightly below the boobs and the length is below the knee. At first I felt like the dress might be too long by an inch or so but I decided I was wrong. I'm pretty sure it's exactly the length it's supposed to be I'm just not used to below the knee. With my bust it does do the normal button up problem with boobs but it has two layers for hiding the buttons so using a safety pin will be easy as will just adding an extra button.


I really like this dress, but when it came, the bust area was too small. I'm a 42DDD and I ordered the 2x, but it wouldn't button up at all, let alone without bunching. I did really like the dress though, so I ended up giving it to my sister, who is smaller than I am in the chest region, and she really likes it as well. She is only a 38D though, so it fits her much better.


