I like this dress and my husband really likes it.  I read the reviews and customer feedback and decided to take a chance on ordering the small.  I'm 5'2" and 130 lbs.  But I'm a 34D in the bust, so there is a slight pull on the bust button (even though it's covered -- it's trying to peek out).  If you look on the size guide, you can see I was risking it with the small because I'm right on the S/M threshold.  So, I will order the medium and see if there is a difference.  I'm hoping it won't be too big.  I should have gone with my first instinct and ordered up.  I'm a busty petite, so oddly-sized.  However, I love the high belt -- perfect for petites/those who don't have long torsos.  Love the style, will keep my fingers crossed for the medium.  Update:  the medium is excellent - no pulling!


Hello. I hope this finds you well. First, I want to say this is not a vintage 1950's style dress. I wear alotta vintage clothing from that time and this dress is not it. With that said... . Second, I want to say this is a pretty dress. Third, it did arrive on time. Fourth, it fits well and the color is true to the picture. Lastly, I do like the dress


I love this dress! I bought it to wear to a Christmas radio show/dinner of "It's a Winderful Life." I thought is go a little vintage as my hubs is in it. It fits perfectly (I'm a dress size 6 and ordered. A small), although I think it would be s little snug on fuller chested women. The fabric is substantial and the skirt needs a good ironing before wearing. I'll add a photo when that's done. I'm very pleased with my purchase and will order another style from this maker when the occasion arises.


It's very pretty, but... a) it's a LOT tighter than I expected. I usually wear XL, I bought XXL, and it's too tight to wear. Also, it came stuffed in a little bag, so it's all wrinkled. No worries, I'll wash it to get the wrinkles out, eh? NO. The care instructions specifically say NOT to machine wash it. I'm not going to wash a dress by hand in 2017! I would not recommend purchasing this dress unless you just plan to wear it once to a special event.


Love the fabric and the fit! Very comfortable. The only con is that I will need to have the front sewed up, so people can't see my bra from my right side; otherwise, it's perfect!


It fit my perfectly. I wore it to a Christmas party. I'm big chested and it fit great. I'm 5'1 and ordered a Large.


Adorable! I am 5'7" 230 lbs, typically wear a 16 pant and the 2x fit great. I was worried because I have large arms but the stretch in this material was just enough without feeling restricting. I prefer leaving the top unbuttoned with a tank under and I do not have a large bust. I feel that women with a large bust may not fit comfortably in this dress but leaving it unbuttoned may be the only option! The length is good but I will say the torso is not as long as it appears in the photo, this is definitely more of an empire waist. I also think this is cute with or without a petticoat.


Got it in the blue and not quite as colorful as I expected. Thought i could get away with wearing it to a themed bachlorette party and then later as a dress to wear to work. However, the skirt material is a little less than ideal. Overall, I prefer it in the picture than on me.


Worst Customer  service. I bought 2 dresses at the same time didn't fit since they run a little small. I returned them same box only one label. They are saying I only sent back one and will not reply to me.


I bought this dress for the 2017 round of weddings, and it fits really well (exactly as planned-- I am a size 4 and got a small) and the material is high quality. I don't feel like the lace/knit part of the dress is going to rip open like some of these less expensive dresses tend to have. It is sturdy and I trust the fabric. You could get away with wearing a strapped bra with this, but I would recommend a strapless to complete the look.


