This dress is absolutely beautiful.  At first I was gonna return it bc it does run a little big in the waist.  You have to make sure you get the wrinkles out to see how great it looks on. I just got a different belt and it pulled together so well.  I wore this to a wedding and got so many compliments! I ordered the 2XL. I usually wear a size 14/16 it fit perfect in the bust and arms. And I'm a 38C.  I weight 205 and I'm 5foot 7.  I did alot of sitting and the dress never wrinkled. Someone even spilled beer on my skirt and it just repelled right off! Great buy,  would buy 1000 times again!


This dress is so classy and pretty! Nice material, too. The sizing fits as you'd expect. I purchased *both the Large and XL* because I have a hard time fitting my bust and shoulders (I'm 5'8", 38D, 180). As expected, the Large is a bit tight in the arms and bust. Buttons strain a bit over my chest, and I'd need to wear a cami or something under it because from a side view you can see my bra and whatnot since it doesn't lay flat. I love the overall fit, but I can't zip up the back without help (but I'm also not very flexible, which is partly to blame). I'm wearing the Large in the picture.


The XL is much more comfortable / easy to slip on and still has a lovely shape. The arms don't constrict but they're not visibly looser. The only place I notice a little less snugness is the waist, but the skirt balances this out. In fact, oddly, the XL is more streamlined or flat in the tummy than the large (the Large poofs out more—probably just the individual item and not the sizing difference). I'm wearing the XL for now but I'm keeping the Large for when I start losing weight finally :)


Beautiful lace and lovely pleats. Flattering sleeve length and bodice cut. Be prepared to dry clean or iron once it arrives, because the fabric for the gown portion gets very wrinkled. Ordered the bright blue and it was barely brighter than navy, but enough to make a rich color.


Update: purchased a year ago, have worn it several times and always get tons of comlipments! Super fantastic buy!!!


Absolutely love this dress.  I'm 5'3, 170 and a 36D.  I am bottom heavy I decided to go with a Medium and it fit perfect.  I did have a petticoat on.  This dress is well made and is flattering for someone who is pear shaped in my opinion.  If your hesitant on buying this dress, go for it!  You won't regret it!


I love it!!! I'm 200lbs and 5'4, I buy XXL and fit well.


Very nice material! The skirt hangs nicely without any under-junk (whatever you call those things!) And altho some said it makes your butt look weird, I am very paranoid of that sort of wardrobe fault and did not notice that al all with this dress. I am 5'5" and 105-115. Ordered small. It has a nice stretch. It would look fitted and flattering on someone even thinner. My mom is 5'5"and under 100 lbs and it fit her, loose in some areas but not noticeably unflattering.


I really like this dress but the skirt is just a little too poofed out for me... it makes me look like a bell and isn't very flattering.  I LOVE the top and the waist accent is so cute.  I'm keeping it and going to have the skirt taken in just a bit to make it less bell-ish.  I normally where a size 16 and ordered the XL.  It fit perfect except was a tiny bit too tight in the chest, but I am big there anyway and rarely wear button up for that reason.  It wasn't bad though.  The material on this is great.  Very impressed with what I got for the price I paid.


Love this dress!! Perfect for a pear shaped woman who wants to hide her bigger bottom. I'm 5ft 4in 212lbs bust is 38 DDD (according to Victoria Secret...P.S. I think she lies to boost my ego) anyway I bought it in black, the 2X - fit like it was made for me. The lace top is soft and has stretch which is nice, the bottom is a thicker fabric and the belt is attached to the dress. I did take it to the dry cleaners to have them steam-press the skirt as when it arrived it was very wrinkled, no be deal. I also bought some shape-wear to put on under the dress to smooth out the hip and tummy area for added support. I might buy this dress in blue also.


Update: I used for a wedding and received many compliments.


This dress looks absolutely stunning! I was sceptical at first. With such a great price comes disappointment, right?...I  was wrong. I am so happy I purchased it. It is well made. The top is stretchy and comfortable. The buttons open up in case you don’t want it buttoned up all the way. There is also a zipper in the back area. I am big hipped, big chested and my arms are pretty thick, but it fit just fine. The bottom fabric is thick and not of cheap fabric.  I love this dress!


At 5'3" and 140#, I wish I'd ordered the small.  I'm returning it since I had to buy a dress locally at the last minute.


It is a very nice dress that doesn't cling to the body. The quality is great and it has enough stretch to be comfortable.  The belt is stretchy and not adjustable; it seemed to ride at least an inch above my natural waist.  I ordered a "poufy" slip to wear under it, but that makes me look like I gained 50 pounds.  The skirt part is heavy enough to fall around the body nicely without any need for a slip. Getting the wrinkles out and the pleats pressed will take some time since this material wrinkles easily.


