I love this dress. I bought this dress and another one to try for NYE this year, I figured which ever one I picked for NYE I'd return the other one. Although I'm not wearing this dress for NYE I'm keeping it because I love it so much!


This arrived really wrinkly and stiff so it puffed out in weird areas so I decided to wash on delicate cycle and air dry.  About halfway through drying I realized it was still going to be stiff so I went for it and put it in the dryer on low heat.  That did the trick and made it soft and smooth without any damage.  I was nervous about it being too warm with the sleeves but was totally comfortable.  Everything was stretchy so it fit well.  The built in camisole isn't really enough to allow for unbuttoning the top to allow for ample girls but if necessary you could fit a separate cami underneath.


Great dress and the quality was much better than I was expecting. The fit was great and it has a little stretch, which is nice. The bust area is a little tight on my 32 DDD frame but I think I can make it work with a couple of added snaps or safety pins. Over all, I am very impressed with the quality of this dress!


I loved this dress so much that I think I put a review on another item praising this dress.  I've worn it to my mothers birthday event, in Europe and at work.  Very versatile.  I am about 145 lbs (curvy) and 5'3" and I ordered the small.  Looks great got tons of compliments. Bought 4 more dresses for work from this seller.


I love the fit of this dress it's very flattering! I'm 5'6" 133lbs 36B and I ordered a small which fits perfectly! It falls to my knees and has plenty of puff in the skirt. There's a few reasons I didn't give this dress 5 stars. The first is I ordered the royal blue assuming it be bright but it's darker practically navy blue. Second, the zipper comes up mid-back into the lace which was fine but my lace was torn a little away from the zipper but it was an easy fix. Lastly, the fabric is thick (which will be nice for colder nights) but attracts lint and dog hair like no tomorrow! All in all I do love this dress and will keep it especially because it's a great deal but keep a lint roller in my purse. ;)


Holy Smokes! This dress is just what I hoped it would be: classy, well-made, flattering and pretty! I'm 5'4", 125 lbs. with a variation on an hourglass figure ( I ordered size S, keeping my fingers crossed it would fit, not too big, not too small. It fits perfectly. It just arrived and I tried it out with a pair of vintage black heels and it is KILLER. It doesn't need a petticoat (the fabric is substantial and holds its own shape), but I'm thinking of adding a red or hot pink petticoat just to sass it up with an unexpected splash of color at the hemline. The fabric is substantial and probably good for three seasons (Fall, Winter, Spring), but not for the heat of summer. Great dress. Great price. Wow.


I absolutely love this dress.... I bought my normal size slice is medium.. I'm 5'2 and about 130lbs. And it fits perfect. I wish the color (bright blue)  was a bit brighter, but it will still work for what i needed it for. Will definitely buy from this seller again.


Heavy duty fabric and very classy look. It is handwash only which kinda stinks. I did gentle wash mine but the collar came out a little crumpled. It has some kind of heavyier non water resistant material in there. I could flatten it out somewhat but don't try ironing it! The fabric will burn, I tried it first on an hidden under collar spot. Other than the odd fabric setup in the collar area, I love this dress. Incredibly flattering


I got tons of compliments on this dress!! People thought it was a genuine vintage dress. It looks like it is way more expensive than $49 and no one would guess that it was purchased on amazon. The material is a nice weight and feels like it's good quality. I was worried that the material would lay flat, but happily the dress does flare out a little bit, as pictured! The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because the top line of the faux camisole beneath the lace was not even on the right and left side. When I buttoned the dress up it was clear that they were misaligned.


Best 35 dollars I have ever spent! I am 5'4, 145lbs I ordered a medium and it fit beautifully! The fabric is NOT cheap at all it is very well seemed and put together. The dress is actually very heavy to hold as it is high quality. The only down fall is it wrinkles easily in the skirt part, other than that it's the most beautiful dress I have ever had! Super excited to wear this for my birthday!


