I love the dress it fit perfect, I'm an Xlarge 177 lbs and size was good, material is stretchy and color was perfect.. I will order more soon


My wife loves it. This was her surprise birthday present. She hates that she's pear-shaped, but this dress is unbelievably flattering on her figure. I purchased the navy blue color, but she wants it in more colors as the length is appropriate for business or casual wear. It also has a nice stretch overall, so it clings to her in all the right places. Highly recommend!


I really like this dress! Quality is good, with heavy material and stitching is nice! I read reviews and sized up two sizes to an XXL. Its a little big around the waist and the belt doesn't fit as snug as I would like, but Im glad I sized up because I don't think the top (bust) would of fit or around the arms.I bought a little petticoat to go under and Im glad I did. It gives it just a little bit more flare around the bottom. I highly recommend this dress!


we've only been able to test fit it so far, but it seems like it fits really well.  it is maybe an inch or so larger than the measurements, but thats not an issue for us.  we bought this for my wife to wear as a halloween costume, and it gives just enough room to wear a slip or something underneath it.  the fabric seems good enough, and it looks great.  for the price its fantastic.  the only problem we had was the zipper stuck a little bit, but not bad.


Great dress !!!!


Pretty dress. The bright blue color is not as bright as I was hoping. Not sure if I will wear it for what I bought it for. But I do love it, it's very pretty and looks great!


this dress is seriously beautiful in person the color is beyond gorgeous!


I'm 5"0, 105lbs. I got the small knowing, based from the chart, it would be too big. But I was still hoping it ran small so I could fit me. It's too big... It's a beautiful dress. The material is great and stretchy. But it's like 2 inches too big/long everywhere. I'll save for when I can wear it when I'm pregnant or something because it's just too gorgeous to not have.


I LOVED this dress....and really wanted to keep it.  The blue is an AMAZING shade!...fits everywhere, except the chest.  Just like the other reviewers mentioned (but I reallly wanted it and didn't want to listen....lol).  If you are well endowed do not purchase this dress folks....it isn't something that even a seamstress can fix....for reference, I'm a 38 DD....fits PERFECTLY everywhere else....just too small up top, unfortunately.


I love, love love this dress! It's stretchy in all the right places (my arms), and the zipper in the back plus buttons in the front adds up to a great silhouette. I feel like I can wear this to work or out and feel equally appropriate. Most importantly, I feel pretty wearing it!


