This dress is absolutely amazing. I had some unexplained rapid weight gain, and I didn't feel comfortable wearing dresses anymore. I found this dress, and it is super flattering. I wore it to a fall wedding, and it was so cute! The lace material is stretchy, so you do not have to worry about the sleeves being too tight. They are also not scratchy like some lace. I will definitely order more in different colors. Do not wear with a petty coat, as the pleats are flattering enough. With a petty coat you just look pregnant. Thin or thick this dress is great!!


Just received this dress tonight and just in time for Xmas eve dinner. Wear a size 2/4 bought it in a size small. Fit great, with plenty of room to stuff myself with all the goodies at dinner and still feel more than comfortable.  True to size! Thank you, and I will be shopping with you again. Very nice material and dress for a greatbprice.


Bought this dress for my sister in navy blue for an upcoming wedding today. It fit her perfectly and was very slimming to her waist (she gained excess weight in her mid section) She's a size 16 and 5'6 -- the 2X size fit her perfectly and went to her knees. It was roomy and flowy and gorgeous on her, but the moment she put an iron to it, it burned the color off the dress and left a large silverish stain to it. The dress came in the mail extremely wrinkled and the threading was coming loose. The thread material, which mimics a lace, is very fragile; you can't wear a ring or have long finger nails while putting it on. You have to be very careful and if possible, have someone assist you so you don't put a large hole in the threading through the sleeve area. Beautiful dress, poor material.


I ordered this dress for my grandmother's funeral. The dress is beautiful and I received many compliments. The sleeves are particularly lovely and more detailed than I expected. The belt divides the dress well and I rather like the buckle. The cut is very modest and appropriate for formal wear.


 I ordered a medium and found it to be a nice fit with a bit of extra room, which made the dress very comfortable to wear for an extended period of time. I'm 5'6, 145 lbs, with a large bust; if that helps you choose a size. I also want to note that the decorated sleeves are soft and gentle on sensitive skin.


There is one small problem. The skirt is a strange fabric which wrinkles easily, needs to be ironed on a very low setting, and resists ironing altogether. I'm not sure how long this fabric will hold out.


That said, the dress is good for gentle use, comfortable, and well priced. I would recommend it you need something short term.


This is a beautiful dress., and I love the cut of it. I bought it to wear to a friend's wedding.


Fit:


I purchased a medium. I have a 36 in. bust and I could probably fit into a small, but I have big arms so I sized up. The medium fits perfectly on my arms (not snug or pulling on the fabric). I have a small waist but big hips, so it's a bit big on my waist, but my hips make it flare a bit too much, making me look even bigger in the hips. So, the fit isn't exactly perfect for me, but I think it's designed for a more proportionate person. I still love the dress.


This dress is super cute online. I got the box and first thing I noted was the box was heavy, threw me off at first because I wasn't expecting a heavy dress - but it is. The bottom material is weird and permanently wrinkled and sits funny. I'm 5'8" and the belt sat low (got L), wish it sat higher closer to under my chest. Dress made me look 5 months pregnant (and not the cute bump pregnant- more the two chipotle burritos everyday pregnant), and was not flattering! Also this is not a MissMay, it was. Milouil dress. Returning!


I have to confess I was looking at other items and I noticed in one of the reviews a photo of this dress on one of the female reviewers and I fell in love with this dress and I had to find it on Amazon.. I am glad I ordered it because it is exactly like it was in the photo. I cannot wait to wear it for our special event. I tried the dress on and it fit exactly the way it was supposed to. I Love The see-through lace and I even bought the under skirt to make it look fuller :-)


I'm a size 16 and it fit very well. The fabric is a little stretchy so could have gotten a smaller size but in glad I went with the size I had.  I ordered a XXL. The dress is so beautiful. I wore it for my grandfather's funeral and it was very elegant, classy and nice. I got tons of compliments and several people asked where to buy it.


I love the fit of it! I'm 140 lbs and 5'3 and I ordered Small based on the reviews. The style and fit makes me look slimmer. I only gave it 4 instead of 5 because the bottom part is hard to iron because of the pleats and the type of fabric. But I still love it all in all.


I normally wear a size 6/8 and got a medium. I am 5'6" and DD. I was pleasantly surprised that it fit my arms comfortably and I was able to zip up the dress all the way, usually not the case once I hit my chest area lol. Anyway, beautifully constructed with decent material and a nice navy color. The skirt part does get wrinkly and attracts lint, which is a draw back for me since I planned to use it for work. Took about a month I believe to arrive. It was nicely packaged and looks great on.


