This dress is better than I had anticipated. The top lace part is a bit stretchy, and the bottom portion is a nice heavy material. I put a white petticoat under it but it looks good without one too. I ordered an XL; I wear a 38 D, the buttons close nicely and the zipper zips wonderfully. I'm 5'1 and 170lbs, usually wear a 12-14. I'm stoked to have this dress. I feel so elegant in it!


OMG!!! The dress is BEAUTIFUL!!!! I have no complaints at all. It fits like a glove. I do recommend you order a size bigger. I'm a 1X  but afr reading the reviews I ordered a 2X and it fit perfectly. Great quality and amazing price.


I wore this dress to Kentucky Derby Day, and I received SOOO many compliments! The dress is true to size, plus it's well built (especially for a voluptuous figure). I paired this dress with a petticoat and vintage heels. Very dainty look for sure! I highly recommend this adorable dress.


I recently bought this dress to wear to a wedding/reception. I am 5'4" 162pounds and 36ddd 29 inch waist. I bought the medium after reading other reviews. However, I did have to take in the side seams on the skirt part only apx 5 inches 2.5 inches on each side, due to the skirt(bottom) fitting rather large. The top part of the dress was rather snug tho.(I have a rather large chest) if you are questioning what size to get, depending on your chest size I would go smaller for sure. With all that being said, I absolutely love this dress. Fits just as the picture. Great quality. I did iron it prior to wearing, as it is very wrinkly upon receiving it in the mail. I did purchase a red petticoat to wear under it to give it a fuller skirt/look. I received many compliments. I love this Dress!! I've included pictures with the red petticoat, and the red belt I wore, along with it just plain. I would recommend purchasing this dress.


I LOVE this dress. I'm a bigger girl and it made me feel beautiful!. I did purchase a petitecoat to fill it out better and provide more length


Love the dress!  Fits better than any dress I can find in the store.  Not flimsy either.


I am 5'3, 136 lb, ordered size small and the stretchy lace top fits ok on me. The extra fabric on skirt does make my behind looks huge as stated in other reviews. I extended hemming on three parts (as indicated on photo) and it looks nice afterward. I'm very amateur in sewing so this shouldn't be too difficult for most people. The dress would look nicer if ironed after hemming but I didn't have time for it yet.


The dress came with some stain but unfortunately I won't have time to exchange it, since the dress is meant for an upcoming event. I'm just going to wash it. Still think the dress is reasonably priced and of good quality.


This dress is fantastic for the price. It sounds like a lot of cons here, but honestly it was so cute and comfy I would buy it again in a heartbeat (thus the four stars). NI included pictures because other reviewers with their sizes helped me figure out what I needed.


Cons:


-I am 5'8 and almost 180 and an XL was a bit roomy, everywhere except the bust. Those poor buttons were clinging on for dear life.


-There was also a number of threads unraveling in the lace that I felt like I was constantly trimming off. (See picture)


-The dress arrived very wrinkled and had a very strong chemical smell, so you will have to make a trip to the dry cleaners.


Pros:


-Super comfortable! I wore this for a long time and was happy the whole time


- Very cute and versatile


I followed the sizing guide and it fit amazingly.  I was very impressed with the quality, especially given the price.  I used this in my engagement photos, and got a ton of compliments on it.  It's comfortable, not too hot, and really well made.


I wear a size 10 jeans, and am 34DD and ordered a large.


Did not wear a petticoat in photos.


Wore on me and husbands 3rd year wedding Anniversary.It's fits perfectly and felt happy and confident wearing it! I like how stretchy the Lacey material is and the belt accent in it doesn't look cheap. The length of the dress is just perfect with my 5'4 height.A highly recommended dress.


