This is my first time ordering a dress online and this dress didn't disappoint me at all. At first I wasn't sure what size I should get, but after reading other comments I decided to get small and it fits me perfectly (I'm 5'2 and weigh 140 lbs). The dress looks just like how it does in the picture. The fabric quality is great, the lace part is also kinda stretchable. Overall very nice looking dress. I'm impressed with what I received!


Let me start off by saying, I've never ordered a dress on Amazon before- and very little clothing either. I like to try things on before I buy it. However, given that I really kind of loathe all of the current styles of dresses- who wants to wear something so plain... looks like a sheet or curtain!... I wanted to find something special for a special occasion coming up with my husband.  And I love vintage-style clothing- but never was quite sure I could pull it off.


Enter this dress.


I ordered a Medium for my 5' 7" 150 lb frame, and it fits wonderfully. I love that it is feminine, yet conservative. The buttons are functional and can be fully buttoned or not (I am not well- endowed whatsoever, so one of two buttons down still isn't revealing anything on me! ;)... but I also love the weight of this dress. It's not flimsy and thin. It has stretch and give but the material is thick and of good quality. And the lace sleeves also stretch and give as well- who knew that was even possible with lace?!


Really and truly. This dress has sold me. It's beautiful, well- made, and very nice- especially for the price.


Purchased this for my daughter and it arrived in a timely manner.  This is made with good material and appears to be well constructed.  The lace has some stretch in it, to give that form fitted look.  The color is as bright as indicated in the photo.  Dress comes to just below the knees on a tall (5'8") female. There is a hidden zipper that runs from mid-back to above the bum.  The belt is attached to the front of the dress. Very pleased.


Keep your expectations low- the dress is wearable but it's not as pictured. The lace is bigger patterned and kind of netted/plastic feeling and the skirt is made of that super light thin material like bad Walmart sheets. It's cut ok if you are small in the chest. At 5"7, it sits a little awkwardly high and pulls on the buttons for a c cup (I irdered XL for that purpose even though I'm a m-l in most things but it still pulls in the chest only). For a dinner that's not a big deal occasion, I wouldn't throw this dress away but it should have cost a lot less and is not going to make you happy for any important dress event.


I have to say I am very happy with this dress! Unlike many other online sellers, their size chart was spot on! I am short, with an hour glass figure (5’2” and roughly 38-30-40) so finding a dress that fits my shape without hanging down to my ankles, making me look like I have no waist line, or making “the ladies” pop out, can be challenging. I ordered a large based on the size chart and it fits perfect! This dress is fitted in all the right places to look feminine and be comfortable. The material is higher quality than most you will find now days, especially since this dress is not expensive. I definitely recommend it!


Love this dress! Classic, very good quality, great price. Love this dress!!


It arrived early. Looks great, just like the photo.


It arrives wrinkled, which is just part of getting it in the mail but don't plan to just grab it and go, it needs some time for the wrinkles to come out.


It has a zipper on the back that goes from the lower back to the shoulder blades, and buttons on the front. I can get my dress on using either of those alone, it is kinda stretchy so it works for me.


The arm bands are very pleasant, the lace isn't itchy to wear. As I mentioned above the whole dress is kinda stretchy so range of motion is good.


The fit is as expected. It fits me (size 14/16, 36DDD/38DD) the same way it is shown in the picture. I got a size XL. That being said, the buttons DO THE THING where they kinda strain. I'll attach photos, but the dress has a little flap above the buttons and for people who have a little less bust it would fit perfectly. As it is, this material feels like it will kinda stretch overtime and be less strained.


There are some minor sewing flaws, I think the buttons could afford a little more TLC but overall the couple loose strings aren't deal breakers.


Overall, I recommend. It is a really cute dress.


This looks and feels so comfortable. I love the color too. FYI, I am 5'6 and 158 lbs and a medium was perfect. Bust is 36 C, waist is 32.


Hope this helps anyone trying to determine the right size for their weight/height.


Read reviews and ordered a 3x instead of my 2X size. Fits well. A lot of my weight is in front so I'm glad I heeded their advice. The dress is made of a thick fabric which is great for winter in the Midwest. The bodice and sleeves are made with a nice lace. My arms are typical of an older woman being a bit saggy. The sleeves are comfortable. Will wear it to a wedding . An update might follow. By the way, for some reason it had a strong scent of cologne. A return? Please keep that in mind when trying on clothes.


I am curvy, 185lbs, and 5'4. I bought this in a 12 (L) and it fits somewhat big. I probably should have went down a size. Its not a bad dress, but it probably would have been even better if I went down a size. The material is very stretchy. I wore this to a Symphony and received many compliments, but I don't know if I will wear it again without getting it altered.


