no good


gave it away...waist of my money.


Bought this dress for a winter wedding I was attending.  It was perfect!  This dress is flattering and comfortable!  What more could want?? The fabric has some stretch so it allows you to breathe and move.  So many compliments! (edited to add photos)


Beautiful dress. Too beautiful for my Halloween costume as I intended, unfortunately I have no need for a dress like this.


I ordered this dress for a wedding. I'm 5'5", 36H and normally a size 12. I purchased an XL and it fit well, I do wish I had ordered the Large. The XL was flattering but a tad loose. I washed the dress on the hand wash cycle and hung it to dry after opening the package, ran a low heat iron over and it was all set. I think the dress laid nicely and had a small flare to it, but I will wear a petticoat next time for a bit fuller look. Very happy with this purchase, will wear again and I'm thrilled with the price! I received many compliments on my dress!


I'm a husky gal and I recently had a baby. Finding a dress that could help me look nice seemed like a long shot.


First the dress showed up early. Then, it fit, which I wasn't expecting. And finally I looked in the mirror and saw how nice I looked, words can't express how great I felt!


I wore it and received so many compliments, I already have friends that want to borrow it.


1st time ordering clothes online, I read reviews before ordering. Love it, fit well, thick skirt fabric. Wore it to a graduation ceremony, lots of compliments.  I ordered a medium, I'm 5'3 155lb. 34DD small waist, thick thighs and bum (hourglass). Dress had talored fit in torso area and swing skirt accomdaded my larger bottom half. Was delivered in 1 day with Amazon Prime. Extremely happy with my purchase!


Dislike


So close to awesome. The lacy parts of this dress are stretchy which is nice. It allows it to be form fitting without being restricting. The material is pretty good for a cheapish dress from Amazon. The material is oddly loud but not that cheap crunchy fabric you're imagining. I don't know how to explain it. My real only problem with this dress is the waist sat weird on me and made me look bigger than I really was. I'm wearing a petticoat in the pictures so, don't assume it's that fluffy.


I bought the 2XL and I normally wear a 16/18. I'm also a 36G, so I was hopeful the stretchy material would work for my chest. As you can see from the pics, the material was VERY stetchy in the body, but still gapped in the chest. Some safety pins can easily fix that, however. The style was very cute, the fit was flattering, and the length was right at the knee (I'm 5'6"). The fabric however was very strange. It was thick and noisy, just felt weird to have in a dress. I expected this to be more feminine and flowy, this was very heavy and costume-y.


