This dress was not what I expected.  The material on the collar, cuffs and skirt is 'thick and heavy'.  The lace is pretty, the color is pretty - I got Navy - but it didn't fit well at all.  I read lots of reviews and even looked at pictures and thought this would work for me, but no.  After seeing it - I wasn't sure I would even try it on.  The material looks/feels like (and this sounds really bad) but kinda like drapes - slicky, kinda shiny and heavy.. I did try it on and acknowledge it looks better on, the material didn't look like I wrapped up in a curtain - but not only was it WAY too big,  the fit itself was not good for me. I loved the lace and the top of the dress - but the bottom just didn't have any appeal.


I see why so many people bought petticoats to wear under it - because that is the feel/style for this dress. It has the flare (hence, the 1950s style).


Excellent dress. The size quide was spot on for me. Pay attention to the actual measurements and not necessarily the size. I got the 2X. I'm tall and wide in the hips. I wear a size 16-18, 46 inch bust, 38 inch waist and 50 inch hips. If your waist and/or bust are any smaller than mine, I would say to go with an XL. I could've probably fit into an XL, but don't think it would have been as comfortable. I had some room in the arms and the waist although it fit perfect on my bust. The dress is quite heavy and much better quality than expected. The lace is also stretchy so everything fits like a glove. The buttons in front also unbotton to accomodate your desired look.


Love this dress so much! It's well made, the fabric is light and soft. I wore a petticoat and a strapless bra, otherwise you would have been able to see bra straps. I'm 6 foot and 190 pounds, I ordered  an XL and it was a perfect fit for me.


I purchased this dress for an event but was leary as I do not like ordering clothes online. I had a back up dress just incase. I could not have been any more satisfied with this dress!! The material was thick and sturdy! Very well made. No seam issues whatsoever. The lace was absolutely perfect! I sized up per other reviews and the fit was perfect. I received so many compliments! I would love to order this dress in a different color. Would absolutely purchase again from this company! Very satisfied!


I bought this dress for a wedding and really wanted to love it. The cobalt blue color is gorgeous and the cut is very flattering. I am 5'3 155 lbs and the large fit fine. BUT I was disappointed that the dress was folded to fit into a small envelope and was VERY wrinkled upon arrival. When I went to try it on the top button immediately popped off. The material felt very cheap so I thought maybe ironing might make it better as I layed the dress out to iron I noticed several loose threads along the waist. I will be sending the dress back for a refund.


This dress is really gorgeous.  The lace material on top and the flowing material on bottom, its very elegant and I would wear it to a wedding.  I just didn't like that the waistband was slightly higher than my natural waist, and since I have a little belly, the belt kept riding above my stomach, which highlighted my stomach and wasn't so flattering.  Other than that, if you are skinnier, this dress would be very good pick. I am a size 14/16 and I ordered an xl which fit perfectly.


This dress was perfect for my engagement photo session and really popped. The size was perfect except the bust area was too small for me so I couldn't close all the buttons. This wasn't a big deal as I wore a tank top underneath. Also the blue is brighter in person but I think the color is better than the pictures.


The waist is a bit on the large side and the sleeves are way too tight. I'm 5'6" and 135lbs. I'm pretty fit with tone arms (not muscular). I purchased the small, which fits nicely in the chest area. I could have the waste taken in, but I can't do anything about the sleeves. Also, it would be nice if the belt wasn't attached, so I could change it out with something else for versatility.


It arrived VERY promptly. The quality  was great. Unfortunately I had to return it because the waist was too high. I order a lot from the internet and have never had this problem so it tells me that this manufacturer measures short in the waist for their dresses and so that's why I gave it a four out of five stars. I had to return it because I couldn't "fudge" on how high above my waist that it was. If you are short waisted then I would recommend this dress because the quality and prompt deliver were impressive.


This dress is amazing. The lace is beautiful, but the material of the skirt portion is different. I haven't washed this yet so I can't speak to the fabric completely yet. However I bought an A-line petticoat to go underneath and this combo looks terrific. The top has a built in shirt so you won't need to buy a cami or a slip. The fit is great and it hides imperfections from under your chest down.


