Beautiful dress.  The fabric is a nice weight and sheen.  The lace is very soft & comfortable.


[NOTE:  If you're considering the $20 version, don't go there if you're looking for something dressy versus building a vintage collection.  It's not the same dress, even though it looks close.  The Missmay fabric is MUCH nicer and lays better, it's worth spending more.  On the cheaper one the cami is stretchy fabric, separate from and slightly off-color from the dress and the skirt is more cotton-like/wrinkle-prone; the back pleats didn't seem to lay right.  Missmay you could wear to a formal wedding, cocktail party, etc.  The cheaper one really doesn't seem right if you need clothing for an event.]


Back to Missmay...  Unfortunately for my size I found that the shoulders were a bit large (unusual as my shoulders are fairly broad), but it gaped at the bust.  The cami is sewn into the top of the dress (no worry about straps falling down), but be aware that it is sewn into the button placket so it is actually split with the buttons, so I couldn't just let the cami show and open an extra button without putting on a big show!  [38D trying the  XXL.]  However, it does look nicer than the cheap version because it lays well (and no worries about it shifting around).  I adore this dress in the pics, but unfortunately it just didn't work for me.  (They accidentally sent me the black, so I can't comment on the blue or compare the fabric matching throughout the dress.)  It looks good with or without a petticoat, but the petticoat did jazz it up and give it a more classic feel.


If I had received the blue I might have been tempted to keep it & add a snap or hook into the button placket, but since I have to return it anyhow I'm looking at other options.


Beautiful dress, true to size, classy, nice material, comfortable. No complaints whatsoever. Solid 5 stars!


Wore this to my grandfathers funeral. Perfect knee length tasteful coverage. Option to leave top buttons open or close them all the way up to your neck. Received many compliments. Heavy dress made well with good material. I am 5'7" and 130 size 34D. I ordered a medium but would rather have worn a small.


Very very nice!!!


Tough to get those wrinkles out of the bottom of the material is thick  on the bottom


I absolutely love this dress, and everyone compliments it.  The fabric is heavy which is perfect for me this winter, but not a dress I would want come summer.  I am 5'2" and this hits me about 6 inches below the knee.  Ordinarily I would have it taken up, but it has worked perfectly for multiple engagements I have had recently.


Everyone loves this dress. This is one of my favorite.  Fit perfectly


I REALLLLLY love this dress, it's so pretty and such a great price!  The only issue I had with it is the arms, mine are a little bigger but thank goodness the lace is strong and stretchy.  I've received tons of compliments every time I wear it and I'm told its VERY flattering. Don't hesitate to buy!


Pretty but too small on top and too big on bottom, but that could just be me.


Love this dress


