Buttons broke off while opening and seller kept asking for more and more proof so I finally gave up on finding a solution for the damaged dress.


Love it!!!! I have no complaints except the belt is a little skimpy. Nothing I would return over because everything else is so spot on. The lace is not itchy or stiff. The material on the bottom is thick. I bought the medium. Im 5’4” and weigh 150lbs. I’m a bit busty at a 38 C and this dress fits perfectly. My sister saw it on me and went to purchase it herself. This is perfect for my holiday pictures!


I can't express how much I love this dress!! It's beautifully made and makes you feel beautiful in it! The fabric is pretty stretchy I wish I would have ordered a medium instead of large but it still fits!


I was concerned that a button up front might not fit, but the stretch in the fabric compensates for a large chest.  The sturdiness of the skirt provides good coverage and a flattering fit. Much better than expected.


My wife absolutely loves this dress. She's huge into vintage/50's style dresses and this was perfect for her!


Dress runs a bit large, but it may not be too obvious. Still comfortable and well-made. May not be the best choice for anyone sporting a pronounced posterior...as I later discovered...


It is too big and too long( at least on me). It may look nice on someone else but definitely not not. I am 5,1" 115 and curvy hips and this dress does not complement my body what so ever. The top seems two too large while the bottom makes my hip and butt look like a hippos behind. I still think the dress is beautiful just not on me.


200lib size XXL perfect


This dress is so beautiful!!! The picture does it no justice. Same day delivery, ordered for my daughter in black to wear to a funeral. So pleased how expensive if looks. The fabric is such good quality and we have been asked by so many people where did I purchase the dress. Will be ordering in navy also very soon!!


I love this dress, I purchased it for a friend and it looked amazing on her!  She says it is true to size and very comfortable.  I attached a photo of her when she tried it on, I will update my review if there are any issues later.


