This dress is beautiful! I am 5'2 and I ordered a medium. It is not too long (a common problem I have with ordering dresses online) and it fits well.


This is a really nice dress for a reasonable price! It buttons in the front and also has an invisible zipper in the back. Unfortunately, my zipper broke when I was trying it on! Rather than send it back or repair it, I opted to sew the zip closed. The fabric has enough stretch, and the buttons were enough that the zipper was unnecessary.


The fit of the dress matched my measurements (XL, 40" bust), and the skirt hits just below the knee on me. (My height is 5' 6".)


Beautiful dress!!! Fits great, soft fabric & lace, nice quality. I received a lot of compliments.  I purchased a large but could have worn a medium without any problems. I normally wear an 8. I wish the belt were adjustable.


This dress is really pretty, but definitely not made for a tall person! I am 5'9" and it fits me like an empress waist. Very pretty though!


I cut off the belt and it’s a little larger than I expected but other than that it is perfect! So classy and I get compliments every time I wear it!


It was a pretty dress but I bought the 3xl and I could not close the buttons over my chest, I returned it


I wear a 44 DD and was disappointed,


What a great dress!  I notice with this manufacturer that some dresses are cut more snug and some aren't.  But this one is perfect.  I am 5'8" and 145 lbs and ordered a large - it's a perfect fit.  So flattering...can't wait to show it off!


It's a bit loose.  The dress came heavily wrinkled, so ironing it out has been a bit of a challenge with the pleats.  Beautiful color, and the cut is very cute.


The fit of the dress is actually quite perfect, sadly if you have any sort of arm muscles (not like she-hulk, just regular arm muscle) it was too small and the buttons wouldn't close in the arms/elbows. I'm 5'11", 140# and ordered a small off the measurements they have listed, I currently have it being processed as a return, REALLY hoping that the med isn't too much bigger or it's going to be bulky and not fit the way I'd like. Would recommend!


I was looking for a dress to wear for my Valentines Day. When I found this dress, I instantly fell in love with it. I read the reviews before purchasing this dress and the majority of the reviews said to order a size up because the dress ran small so I ordered it in a large (I normally wear a medium). When I tried on the dress, I struggled to get it on. This is a beautiful dress and I really wish I was able to wear it for Valentines Day.


