This dress arrived incredibly wrinkly (knocked it down a star for that), but it fits well and is just as pretty as the picture. It definitely feels high quality. It's something that I wouldn't want to wear on a regular basis, because it feels SO much nicer than all my other clothes, and I want to keep it that way. I'm 5'4", 160 lbs, and ordered a Large.


I really like this dress, although I didn't realize it was hand wash only. I ordered 2X because I wear a 16 and I followed the size guide. It is loose in the waist? I think it fits more like an 18. The fabric is slightly stretchy (but not clingy) so I may have been able to size down.


I ordered this dress in a size small but had to return it for a medium instead. I am 5’2” and weigh 123 lbs. The medium fits perfectly and the dress is beautiful! The small size fit me but it was rather tight. With the medium I have room to move around.


I bought this for a wedding and it was absolutely perfect! No-wrinkle polyester that held it's shape beautifully and provided enough airiness in the general pit regions to prompt less sweating (which i do, profusely). The blue was a gorgeous shade too. Very pleased with the look and quality of this dress for that marvelous price tag. Haven't tried to launder it yet. Will probably take it to the cleaners.


Great Dress! It is a little longer than the picture depicts hitting an inch below my knees. It looks nice but also a little conservative perfect for wearing to my work.


I love the color and style of this dress. The lace is stretchy and the skirt is nice and heavy. Im 5'5" 148 lbs and i bought the medium. It fits pretty good. The small would have been too tight so the medium fit well. My only problem is that the lace had a large pull in it. I just tucked it away. For the price its a good buy.


The dress you get is the same dress in the photo. True to color, shape and size. I am 5'9 and a very true size 18 with tall large legs and hips but smaller in the waist. My bust size is a 38 C and the size I bought was a little loose. I haven't worn it out yet but its a nice dress and a great buy. Half of the stuff I order on Amazon doesn't fit or has some kind of fit issue. Must have!


I really love this dress. It fits like a glove and I bought it for my best friends wedding. It really hugs my figure pretty well and is long enough for my size. I am a size 3X and so it is hard to find a cute dress that was cheap. For about 30 dollars this dress was a steal!  I still wear this dress after the wedding for church cause I like it so much.


Stunning. High quality and beautiful craftsmanship! I'd give it 5 stars but I struggled to remove the wrinkles. The whole top part of the dress is a stretchy lace material and the bottom half of the dress is quite thick and rather heavy which made hanging the dress (to dewrinkle) worrysome as I was afraid the lace might rip. I will add that I NEVER iron anything so it's possible that I was going about things wrong. I usually just throw things in the dryer to dewrinkle.


The dress is fantastic!  It fit me perfectly.  Dresses are often to long on me because I'm only 5' tall with a short torso.  I didn't have any trouble with this dress fitting me.  Love it.  No petticoat needed.  The skirt part of the dress is a little still do to the material that it's made out of to keep it flared.


