First, let me say that the dress is absolutely beautiful. The lace detail is very pretty. However, the color is navy, not royal blue. The sizing was great though the area with the belt would have been nicer if you could adjust it smaller as needed. I ended up returning it since my coloring doesn't go good with navy and I really wanted the pretty, bright blue of the picture.


This dress is absolutely gorgeous. I wear to a wedding and it made me feel beautiful. It is very flattering and I feel like it would look good on any type of body.


I love the dress it's beautiful. However I thought the material would be lighter. The fabric of the dress if more of an outdoor jacket and wrinkles fairly easy. Other than that I got plenty of compliments of the dress.


This dress fit me perfectly!  I was worried the sleeves would be constricting as most tend to be, but the material is stretchy enough for the arms. I purchased this dress as a trial run for my bridesmaids to wear and I couldn't be happier with how comfortable it fits. I can't wait to put a petticoat under it and have a nice evening out.


It arrived with one of the interior tank top bands broken, and the belt isn't affixed on the front so it tends to slide out of place. I love the style of the dress and it fit my waist/length fine, but it just doesn't fit my broader shoulders.


5'4", 145 lbs.


This drsss is very flattering and well made, especially for the price. Unfortunately, I purchased it to wear for an outdoor summer wedding and I knew I would be too hot in it, so I returned it. ☹️


I weigh 240lbs and I'm 5'7" with most of it in my hips and chest. I bought the 2xl and it was a little small in the chest for me but some extra buttons will close that pulling space right up. It's comfy and I don't get bunched up in the middle or feel like a whale. I feel sexy, confident and smart. I highly recommend this dress for any woman who wants a vintage, classy look.


I got a lot of compliments from family and friends at my cousin's wedding this past weekend. The dress fit well and I felt comfortable on it. I'm 5'9", 183 lbs.


Wore this for my Grandpa's funeral. It fit very nice!


Somehow mine came to be short sleeved not like the picture. But regardless, it is comfy and fits as expected on the waist then flares out. Very cute. Careful with the zipper since it is delicate. Somewhat stretchy material in case you have broader back/shoulders.


