So first of all, i ordered this hoping it was good quality, being as cheap as it is, and it is excellent. Not only is the material wonderful, but it is super comfortable. It doesn't pull your stomach when you sit, the sleeves don't cut circulation when you bend your arms, it breathes with you instead of getting tight, and it has just enough volume to it that I don't have to get the petticoat i was considering. It said while I was ordering, that it would take 1-2 weeks. It arrived two days after i ordered. Free and fast shipping?? Perfect. My only complaint is that the bottom of the dress was a bit wrinkled from being in the package. Not a huge deal, I love this dress!


My mother, who has a very hard time finding dresses she's comfortable in and ones she finds pretty, is going to order one. I'm very happy with my purchase.


I weigh 125 lbs and I'm 5'2" and the Medium fit with a bit of wiggle room. Order this dress!!


It's ok look wise. It's kinda heavy and the size MD was too big on me sadly. I am 5 ft tall and kinda fluctuate weight wise 125-130 to give anyone with close measurements an idea if it may be too big. I won't wear it because it's too big to wear but I may give it to a friend and purchase a small one day...probably not.


i love the top and bodice of this dress, very flattering, but the fabric of the skirt is too heavy and cheap looking. i wish it were a lighter, more swingy material. the material of the skirt might be  perfect for taller girls as i'm only 4'9". i got the small, and the top fit me okay in my current weight (97#). i would have to keep my weight down to fit into this dress. i tried this dress with a petticoat underneath, and the skirt just looked crazier on me. i'm thinking of having the skirt shortened but i'm holding off on it for now until i get the other dresses i ordered from other sellers to see if they fit me well. if they do, i might return this dress.


First I have to say that this was a very well made product.  The only issue I had is that the waist is not for very petite waisted people and the belt is part of the dress and is not adjustable.  For that reason the dress would not work for me.  I think even if I had ordered a small it would not have worked simply because of the nonadjustable belt; however, it was a beautiful dress and again, very well made, heavy material, not flimsy or cheap at all.  I regret having had to return it.


Great dress. Fit's great!


This dress fits beautifully and is very forgiving in the hip area. The pleated skirt is full and doesn’t cling to your form. You are able to move freely without having to adjust the skirt after sitting as with some other dresses. The belt and full skirt are very flattering and feminine.  Great dress to look your best.


I ordered this dress for a graduation and didnt wear it. It was a little tight in the arms but several inches too big in the waist on me. It is a heavy material as well. It arrived wrinkled and ironing is not one of my top skills so it took me a long time to iron the pleats back into it and then I decided that the fit just wasnt good enough to wear.


5'4


about 170


38D


Buy this dress with the suggested petticoat. I felt amazing! Got this for a costume, but will wear again! Fabric is stretchy and forgiving, be mindful that if you have a chest, it may gap- I am a 38C and it just lays closed. I am 5/7 wear a size 14 and this is the XL.


This dress is well made, the fabric is nice, and the lace is very pretty. After reading reviews I ordered a large; my measurements are 38, 33, 42. The fit was great on top and in the waist, but I didn’t like the length or width of the skirt. I am 5’4” and it made me look squat and stout. I would have had to hem it and have the skirt taken in order to be satisfied with it, so I decided to return it instead. It really is a pretty dress, the cut of the skirt is just not for me.


Material is cheaper than what i am used to ( ibuy pretty expensive stuff normally). Having had a baby its time to work on a budget. I was very pleased . The cheapness in material is contrasted & totally masked by what i may say is quality tailoring & a universally flattering silouhette! This results in a very expensive/ more expensive look at quite an affordable price!. I will be wearing this dress for many occasions & i feel pretty again. I actually look like a woman & love that this dress plays up my curves & hides the trouble zones. Shipping on time , in good condition & very reliable too


