I LOVE this dress! I am 5'5" 150 lbs and 36D. I ordered a medium and it fit like a glove, with one caveat... I can only wear it with the top 2 buttons unbuttoned, showing cleavage. When I buttoned it to the top it buckled. If I was planning on wearing it buttoned I would go to the large to accommodate my bust. I added the red belt and tutu underneath so I could wear it for Valentine's Day. It is long so I had to pull the tutu way down... may ft it shortened but kind of like it the way it is, just below my knees. Photo is right out of the box so it's going to need a steaming.


Fits everywhere perfectly, except the arms where they button at the elbow. Will not button and looks stupid unbuttoned... I would need like an extra two inches for them to button &  my arms aren't all that big, normal and proportionate to my body. Its like they used to cuffs made for a much smaller dress. I can sew a little so going to try to redesign the arms myself, but what a pain as sending it back would cost more than the dress did to begin with.


The first dress I ordered was a small and was to tight in the bust area. The second dress I ordered was a totally wrong dress and wrong size. Then I thought I'd give it one more shot and this time they sent the right dress in size the size Medium. I am glad that I hung in there til things straightened out, for this dress really is worth it. It fits very comfortably and the material is really nice and the lace is beautiful on it. I do have a black petticoat that I could wear under it if I want to change it up a little bit. I am 5'1 weight 123lbs and bust 34DD. I would recommend this dress if your looking for a party dress. Sewing was fine on mine, no loose threads to snip and the skirt is a little stretchy which makes it more comfortable. The waist was fine on the small but I know the medium will be more comfortable especially if I choose to wear the petticoat with it.


I love the dress but buyer BEWARE. look at all the stitching. I didn't notice. Was in the middle of a presentation when it was brought up. Good thing I do not get embarrassed easily LOL! Had a good comeback for it :)


Amazon was great about it and was able to return the dress. Going to try again and hope that all the stitching is correct. I'm 5'3", 160lbs and extra large fit nicely if not a tad bit loose which was fine. Love that it's stretchable. Going to look for more styles with this material, just be careful if you iron. It may singe it a bit. Dress does some wrapped up but a quick wash and low dry takes care of that :)


Absolutely perfect fit!!! My new favorite dress. Usually have trouble with button up tops staying shut and not pulling at bustline. The lace has just enough stretch and the placket is strong from the dense fabric and inner facing it lays flat!! That NEVER happens for me (34ff) unless the dress/shirt is huge. So the shoulders hit perfectly, the waist was at the smallest spot right under my ribs, the skirt flirted at knee length, the 3/4 sleeve was feminine and airy enough for the season but covered my tattoos. The skirt fabric is stretchy and like fabric from a dress slack, odd I know, but it WORKS perfectly! Keeps the form and bounce to the skirt without a petticoat or full slip. Ok. I said perfect so many times, and I did not even mention the perfect price!  Get this dress!


5'7" anywhere from size 12-14 depending on store. Got an xl.


This dress is so beautiful! I ordered the navy dress in a size XL. I'm 5'10", 186lbs, 36-32-45 are my measurements. I'm ordering the black as well. I hope they make other colors because I'll order those colors too. Lol. Please make this dress in white : ) This dress is the perfect length, it falls right below my knees. 10 STARS FOR THIS DRESS!!!!!!!!


I ordered this dress to wear to a memorial service this weekend and wanted to love it, but sadly I'll be sending it back.  I'm about a size 8 and ordered a medium after reading all the reviews.  It was too small on top and I couldn't button it up even though it's stretchy, so I'd have to wear a camisole or something underneath.  I'm average chested, about a 34C, so I don't see how bigger busted gals fit in this.  Then the bottom was too big and just looked sloppy.  It looked ok from the front, but made me look frumpy from the side and like I was trying to hide being pregnant.  Ordering up a size would only make that worse.  The belt hung down instead of right under the top and I was dissapointed the "buckle" was gold tone and not silver.  The lace pattern is very pretty and looks nice from the back and I like the retro design.  The dress has some weight to it and it seems that the top should have more structure than just lace and a built-in cami for such a heavy skirt.  Don't plan to wear this in any type of warm weather!


I had such high hopes for this dress, but it was a big fail. When I pulled it down around my torso, I thought, Okay it's a little loose but not bad. Then I got it all the way on and realized that I could make two skirts out of all the material on the bottom. It's sooooo huge.  Not only that, but the waist sits high (I'm only 5'4") and then balloons out making me look 5 months pregnant. I honestly don't understand all the glowing reviews.


I ordered a medium and it fit well. I'm 5'4", 135 and busty.  It falls just at my knee. The lace was not itchy or otherwise uncomfortable. I ordered navy, and the color was nice.  Dress has a Mad Men feel.


