Very good.


WAYYYYYY to large. I'm 5'10, 115lbs and it was literally hanging off of me. There was about 3 inches of room in the stomach area. This would've worked as a maternity dress for me.


Love it!  Fits great, looks great.  I haven't worn it out yet, as it's still very hot wear I live, but just from trying it on, it seems comfortable.  I'm not a fan of the belt, but I can deal with it.  I may try and get rid of it, so I can wear my own belt.


So much too small - I can't even get into it.  I feel that the sizing was way off.  My  problem is that I received it during a very bad time in my life.  My husband had just passed away.  It seems I inadvertently threw the packaging away and now I can't return it.  I'm stuck !


This dress is incredible. I ordered it for and only days before a very important Christmas dinner  with my financee'a boss and coworkers. I received lots of compliments and felt great. Super quality, very high end and you can't beat the price#


Ref: I am 5'7 about 190lbs and 38C.


This dress is really pretty. There aren't any complains except that it is a little tight in my chest area that it doesn't close. I don't mind sowing it though, it's just minor. Has a sip in the back and it's very stretchy in the lace area which is damn awesome! There should be more colors made because I would buy it again..especially in a jade green *hint hint* :)


It's a nice dress but if you have a larger bust, the buttons in the front will be bursting to some extent. I think ordering a size up would make the rest of the dress too big :-/  If you wear a dark bra, no one will notice.


I am very pleased with my purchase. I am a size 14 & a bit busty. I ordered the XL and it fits really well. The material stretches. Tried it on and showed my hubby and he was impressed. :-) I cannot wait to wear it! I will be looking for more styles from this brand. If only I could figure out how to upload my pictures.


Love! Tried on dresses at every store for weeks and couldn't find what i was looking for so decided to try online. Thanks to the reviews and customer pictures i took a chance on this dress and it exceeded my expectations! It fits as expected, comfortable, classy, pretty, and elegantly designed. It's exactly what i was hoping to find.


This dress is awesome. I ordered it for my sisters wedding and it fit perfect and looked really great. I got all sorts of compliments on this dress.


