I had to purchase for a funeral last minute and it was perfect! I am 5'2" with a muscular upper body average size 10 usually. Ordered the large and it was perfect. If you are slim in arms and chest the medium would be perfect. I only stemmed the wrinkles out. Wouldn't recommend ironing.


Love this dress but I bought it for an interview then hubbs said it was too formal looking so I chickened out and wore a pencil skirt. Now I am waiting for an occasion to wear this!


This dress is beautiful... Except for the fact that it was packaged in plastic wrap, folded up to the point where it created 15 wrinkles. The dress has to be steam cleaned or taken to the dry cleaners to even wear.  This is the type of dress that needs to be sent on A HANGAR.  It's a beautiful dress without all the wrinkles.


I'm a bit sad it arrived very crinkly and wrinkled. I hope I can somehow steam it. There are a lot of loose threads as well, but I can try to snip them.


The dress is easy to put on, and is slightly loose on me. I am 5'7" and about 180 lbs at the moment, with hips and a bit of a tummy if that helps. The lace looks lovely, and the dress has thick material so the bottom area is not see through. It has a somewhat flattering shape, but I thought the front part was a belt, and it's more of a decoration.


the dress was awesome


This is ridiculously ugly in person. The collar almost looks like cardboard, it wrinkles extremely easily, it's HUGE, just an extremely unflattering attempt at a 50's classic.


I received many compliments on the style of the dress. I had ordered the XL before and it was way too big.I was thinking giving the sizes posted that it may run small, so I ordered the XL. Needless to say it ran too big. I normally run a US size 8-10, so I thought it would fit. But I sent it back and ordered the Large. Fits great!


This dress is so pretty. I ordered the navy blue in a small. I'm 5'2", 110#. It looks best if you have a matching straps bra. The only negative is that the full skirt needs to be ironed (I hate having to iron). Definitely recommend this if you want a simple, but classic look.


It's a lovely dress but the smallest size was still a little large. Still flatters my figure but it does leave some room. I have a 26" waist and 34" bust (32DDD bra size). I'm also 5'3" and this is way below my knees, so a long dress. Very good quality material!


Fabric has just the right amount of stretch and is a good weight.  Fits as expected with my usual size “S” . I’m 5’7”, 130 lbs and a size 32 C bra . Hits at my knees like in the picture.  Very nice quality especially for the price.  Nice packaging and comes with an extra button.  Very glad I made this purchase.


