This is such a pretty dress but the material wrinkles terribly.  The dress was in received in a very small bag and this caused massive wrinkling which to this day I have not been able to iron out.


This is my new favorite dress. It is very high quality! It is durable material and slightly stretchy. The belt is fake and a bit loose so I wear my own belt over it. I am wearing a petticoat underneath it, any thickness will do because there is a lot of room and flare in this skirt. It also looks nice without a petticoat. Bra needs to be black and if you wear a top underneath it will be quite noticeable.


I read lots of reviews and went ahead and ordered a size up, big mistake! I am usually a size L or XL so I decided to order an XXL having just given birth and still have some of that pregnant belly. I am 5'10 and 200lbs at the moment...this dress was too big, and too long to my liking so I sent it back. A size Large would have been just fine for me. The material is very stretchy which I liked and it's the reason why I think a Large would have been fine. Overall I did like the dress and would've ordered it again but decided to go look for dresses at stores seeing that I had an event coming soon.


If you love the look of a real lady - femininity and all do yourself a favor and order this dress.  Very elegant, very well made, and of nice quality and durable fabric.  I love that it has a little stretch in the fabric. Cannot wait to wear it and I will be reordering in another color.


The dress is so gorgeous! Unfortunately, I had to return it because it was too large on me. I am a 5'1, 105lb woman and ordered a size small. The belt is attached at the sides but is free floating from the dress across the midsection. It was a little long on one side as well which made it hang lopsided. It could have possibly been altered slightly to fit but I didn't have the time to take it in to find out. If you're larger than I am, I recommend this dress.


Ok so I ordered a size up, I really didn't need to. I am 5' 2" 196 lbs 36DD I could have fit the XL instead of XXL. However, it still fits nicely. Mind you for us shorter people the dress is longer than I noticed on others, it hits me about mid calf. Definitely a beautiful dress, wish there were more colors!!!


Gorgeous dress, although go a size up if you have a bigger chest. My only complaint was that there was a manufacturing defect that left a huge bunch of lace sticking out over one breast


Let me start by saying this I don't like buying clothes on line but I read reveiws and decided to go with a 2x I'm 5'9 206 pdsI felt I could have went a size smaller.


 I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS DRESS ! Jus know u have to have it Ironed or drycleaned it came wrinkled but still good for the price end quality


Its a beautiful gown, gives a lot of room in the stomach region, which is good for folks with a chubby tummy.


I gave it 4 stars as though its true to size, the stomach region has a bit of extra space.


I have two words for this dress: comfy and cute! It fits true to size, is super stretchy, and the fabric is good quality for the price. I was worried about what the lace would be like, but it's very pretty and doesn't look or feel cheap! Very figure flattering, but not constricting in any way. I could definitely wear this all day! The only thing I will say is that the navy color is darker than it looks in the picture, I had to hold it against something black to make sure I didn't get it in black by accident. Overall though, I would highly recommend this dress and will probably be wearing it all the time!


