Arrived with torn zipper and lace in one sleeve. Had to return. Amazon customer service was great as always! Otherwise a pretty dress.


Fit is very small. I do not have a big top half and ordered a xl. I was busting the buttons open. As much as I wanted to love this dress I couldn't. Was not a fan of the bottom material. Had to return as it didn't fit.


Love it! The lace is not at all scratchy, very soft! Material is sturdy and looks just like the photo. Came in great packaging! Shipping was on time. The fit is what I expected, fantastic! It's a little loose around the waist, which is fine with me, I've got a little chub so it's perfect. I'm 5'2 and 154lb. 34D. I love this dress!


Great dress! I am 5'6" and weight 155 pounds and the Medium fits great! I am a 36DD and it's a button top, there is a very small amount of gaping. I am still giving it 5 stars because the buttons are in the correct spot, I just have big boobs. I would buy again!!


I purchased this dress to wear to my son's college graduation this past month!  I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!! So many compliments.. the dress is very well made!  no complaints what so ever!!


Although many have provided their size and thought this fit beautifully, I found it it run just a bit small.  I would have rather gone up a size.


Additionally, the placement of the zipper was difficult to close without help (could be because it was a bit tight).


I loved the way it looked and even though a bit tighter than I like, it still looked good.  It will need some major ironing when you get it, as it is packaged it in tight ball and does show wrinkles.


Absolutely loved this dress! Fit Perfectly Thanks to all the other reviews I purchased this dress & was not disappointed! I'm 5'9 to find a dress that actually stays true to the length is hard! Would definitely recommend!


I love this dress so much! It fits perfectly and is well made. The material is good quality as well. For sizing reference, I normally wear a 14/16, weigh 188 pounds and wear a 40D bra. Top is a smidge tight in the bust area. But still worth it! I bought a red petticoat for underneath and I’ve seriously never felt sexier!


I’m almost 70, I think if I was a lot younger I would have loved this dress. I’m a  petite/small and the medium was tight on me.


Love it real size if you have more bust I recomend you get one size bigger I normally wear a 2x and I got this in 3x and is just perfect


