I am 5'11", about 230 lbs.  The dress didn't look as good on me as I had hoped.  It's a beautiful dress and on someone else it looks amazing.  5 stars because it is well made and beautiful...it just didn't look right on me :(


This is a great dress!  I bought it one size bigger and it fit perfectly.  The material is a little stretchy which allows for a super comfortable fit.  I got lots of compliments when I wore it.  It also shipped quick .


Pretty dress


This product wasn't even close to the size chart.  Please beware -- I wear a size 10 and ordered according to size chart and it was barely a 4-6.


I marked "fit as expected", but really it fit better than expected.  I have gained weight, and nothing ever seems to fit well.  I have a wedding to attend and I was panicking.  So I ordered several dresses from Amazon to try with very low expectations.  The overall weight of this dress surprised me. The fabric is very nice.  It has a little stretch so was able to pull it on over my head without unzipping it.  Because the fabric is rather thick, it hides my lumps and bumps nicely. I have not ironed the skirt yet, but I can tell it will hang well.  The only thing I didn't care for is that the lining in the back starts rather low, so I will need a special bra or wear black and take the chance that no one will look closely enough to notice.  For size reference, I ordered a large and I am a 38DD and my normal size is between 12 and 14.  I am 5'4" and the skirt hit the middle of the knee cap.  I do have a short torso (I often buy petite tops) and this hit near the top of my natural waist,so if you are long waisted, this may be awkward on you


My daughter loves it!!! Fits her just right. I did shrink a little bit but that was ok because she's a bit bigger in the chest then waist where it shrunk.


Love this dress! However it's hard to get on because of the way it zips in the back. But once it's on it's a dream.


This dress is just a tiny bit snug in the mid section, but it SO elegant and beautiful. It has a camisole on the front, covering the breast (for the most part) are of the dress. It's gorgeous. The quality is great! I don't have too many worries about the lace tearing.


This dress is great and I received so many compliments


I love this dress. It is beautiful and the material is heavy. I ordered a size larger than normal, and it fit great. If I had ordered my normal size, it would have been too small in the bust


