(Written by wife, Katrina): I wore this dress to an afternoon wedding at the U.S. Naval Academy Chapel, followed by an evening reception on the Chesapeake Bay. It was perfect. The Navy blue color fit in very well at the USNA, and it was very comfortable to wear. The A-line skirt was very flattering for a post-partum body, and I was also able to nurse the baby as the dress buttons down the front.


Approximate sizing information: a medium fit perfectly for 5'7" and around 145lbs.


I work at weddings and was in desperate need of a dress to wear when working. This dress is perfect. I'm 5'7", 150lbs, with a 30inch waist and 36D chest. I ordered a large and was happy with the result. The top will actually button over my chest without pulling which is a huge bonus. The material does stretch making it easier to bend and move around in. The only thing I did was remove the belt with the gold buckle by cutting it off. The belt was a little cheap looking and I wanted to wear one of my own. The dress is longer and comes to my knees but it works well for my job. I highly recommend this dress!


I often struggle to find nice things to fit well. I usually have to buy things to fit my chest and then either have it taken in or belt it at the waist. I ordered according to the size chart and I am very pleased! It fits my bust perfectly and at a dinner with friends this past week, I just put a cincher around my waist and it was perfect. At 5ft, I also often have to get things hemmed, but this was a perfect length that hit right at my knee. I was hesitant because it was so inexpensive, but all in all I am so far pleased and I just ordered the 2 other colors!


I absolutely love the dress. It a very classic style and have gotten quite a few compliments on it. Based on other people reviews, I ordered the small and it is a great fit. I am 5'2" and about 110 lbs. It comes a few inches below my knee which is nice, and I am rather small on top, and it just looks/fits perfect, I can't say enough good things about the dress.


I purchased this dress to wear to a wedding and I had so many compliments on it. I'm a full figured woman (size 14-16) and was somewhat concerned on how it would fit me, as I usually don't buy clothing online. I was pleasantly surprised. It is very flattering, the material is high quality and it is well made. I love it so much that I'm buying another on in burgundy to wear for my fall engagement photos!  I bought a petticoat to wear under it for fun and it really does add to the look but it's great without it too!


*Unfortunately, I did not get a full length photo this time but you can see how pretty the top is in this picture. I will be sure to add one when I get my burgundy dress.


This dress is alot cuter and nicer than in the picture! I'm 5'2 140lbs,  hourglass figure and I ordered the small. It fit perfectly! It goes a couple inches past my knees and the sleeves almost goes whole arm. But still at a length it looks cute. The stiching looks really well done too. Looks more expensive than it is. The only thing is it came kind of wrinkled at the bottom part. Easily remedied though. Overall: I'm extremely happy with this purchase. Well worth every penny spent!!


This is a great dress.  Really well made, the only thing I would say is that it fits everywhere except the waist, which was too big for me.  I ordered a size M and the top fits great, just about 3 inches too big in the waist, but I just took it in a few inches (which was really easy to sew, the dress really is made to be tailored) and it fits great now!  Other thing was the belt--it sits about an inch below where the line between the top and where the skirt starts, I look the belt off and just wear one of my own with it.  Overall I'm very happy with this dress, it's comfy and looks great!


This is a great dress for the very low price. When you can buy a decent Vintage dress for less than $40 and it's not a piece of junk, that's great. I do not feel that the dress runs small at all like a bunch of these lower priced retro dresses do, I felt it was very true to size and stretchy. It does come packed up wrinkled, but I read and expected that. But, for the low price I took it to the dry cleaners and had it pressed and it looks great, or you could iron it yourself. With the material though, I would recommend dry-cleaning only, which is no big deal for me. Great Rockabilly going out dress for the price.


This is SUCH a pretty dress! I have a hard time finding things that fit nicely, without busting out at the chest. (See what I did there?) But this dress has quite a bit of stretch as the fabric blend has spandex in it. It is a very flattering style, I'd imagine for most body types. I ordered this in Medium, as I usually wear a 10 in dresses. If it weren't for the stretch, I could almost have gone up to a Large. It's a bit heavy, so it will be lovely for cooler weather. I wish they had more colors, I'd LOVE it in teal! I'm ordering one in black for my daughter immediately.


**I would have given it 5 stars, but the navy isn't close to the one pictured. It is so dark, it's hard to tell if it's black or blue, even in the sunlight.


This dress is gorgeous! But when I got it, I unzipped it, then went to zip it back up and the zipper completely broke off the track. Seeing as I had a problem with a zipper with a dress that I had just gotten in the same package, I thought I'd check this one to make sure. This dress is way too expensive for the zipper to come completely off the track like this. I will buy another one and expect it to come to me unbroken. If it doesn't I will have to leave this store a negative review. These dresses also come very poorly packaged. You pay close to $35 for this dress and it comes in a small bag, no bigger then an 81/2 by 11 vanilla envelope, all folded up and crinkled. It's no wonder the zipper comes apart in shambles.


