I hate shopping for dresses. Most show my arms , other A line dresses make my look weird, others make me look too short... This one made sure none of it happens. It's the perfect lenght, it covers all those things I don't like and it's perfect for Florida weather thanks to the lace on the top. Perfect for a wedding, holiday party, etc. Absolutely elegant and the perfect touch of vintage.


Very pretty dress. Love the lace on the top. Fabric feels nice. Dress seems well made. Because of being larger in bust, I ordered a size larger as I normally do. Unfortunately I still couldn't get the buttons closed. Really was disappointed as I liked this dress. Would be great for smaller women.


I'm 5'2 and 128 lbs and size small fit as expected.  I love the dress.


I'm 5'2" 165lbs 34b it fits perfect , so glad I ordered a lg. Skirt is wrinkled, so off to the cleaners it goes before wearing.i like the fabric. It's stretches.i have broad shoulders. I may have the hem taken up


I’m a size 40 DD and the xl fits great. Material is stretchy but fitting. I probably could go with an xxl for the boobie area but as of now I guess I’ll be ok, Really don’t feel like sending back


I bought this dress for my wife. It came in very quickly and it fit perfectly. No issues what so ever.


I JUST received my dress. I couldn’t wait to try it on and it fit Perfectly!!! Im in love with how it flares. I examined the dress and found no flaws! I’m excited! Definitely will be buying from this brand for every occasion. Hopefully my future orders will be just as satisfying


I can't even tell you how pleased I am with this product.  Fit was perfect.  The other comments from people who purchased this dress helped me to pick the size for me.  This is a very flattering dress on.  Has a very classic look and feel.  So pleased with this purchase.  Bought it for a wedding and am thrilled.


I'm too big cheasted.  hated to return it.


Vintage is AWESOME! The blue is even more vibrant in person. Good quality construction. Fabric has a bit of stretch.


