This dress is beautiful! The quality is much better than I expected, to be honest. It's very nice, heavy fabric on the skirt and sleeves, and the lace is sturdy and pretty. I wore this to work and no less than 5 times was complimented, 4 of it by the same person who kept saying over and over how much she loved the dress, how well it fit me, and how it made her day because it brought a bit of personality to the morning. I found it to be incredibly comfortable to wear. The only slight issue I had was that you have to unbutton the front as well as unzip the back to get into it (or at least, I do) and when I buttoned it back up, there's a slight gap in the front where my chest is. This is pretty typical for button up shirts and dresses, though, so I don't count it against the dress.


I bought this in medium, which is the size dress I typically wear (at Hot Topic, Target, etc, I do medium, at Soma I do small) and it fit perfectly. It would work perfectly with a petticoat beneath if you wanted to wear one. I really thought about doing so but didn't because I didn't want it poofing up every time I sat down at work and on the commute, but I think it would do well with even a very small one that doesn't poof out a lot. The fabric is a little stretchy so it works super well for fitting you comfortably without being tight or restrictive.


If I saw this dress in a store around where I live in the US, I would expect to see it priced at around $50-55. It's the sort of dress someone would have in some cute little boutique for maybe even up to $65 depending on how overpriced they tend to be.


10/10 I recommend this dress! My only sadness is it doesn't come in more colors for me to buy a bunch of versions.


I adore the style of this dress!  It is beautiful and classy and elegant.  I took the advice of others and bought a size larger than usual (XXL instead of XL) and it fit just right.  I usually wouldn't buy a dress that has buttons on the bust as I'm pretty large in that area and almost always have an issue with them gaping or coming undone.  Not with this dress though!  The top lace is sturdy but has a nice give to it and the fabric around the buttons is placed in a way that keeps the gape away!


The only thing that I wish I could change is the style/fabric of the skirt.  Its stiff and pleated which means that it billows out a bit around my butt.  My bottom half is pretty big already and the skirt tends to hold its shape after coming off the curve instead of draping/flowing which means my booty looks huge.  This is a compatibility issue between my body and the dress, though, not with the dress itself. I'm sure that ladies with less junk in the trunk will have no issue but Plus-Size gals should definitely keep this aspect in mind.  I haven't returned it because of how much I ADORE the top....but I haven't worn it out yet either because I'm afraid that I'll be self-conscious about my backside


I think this dress is of good quality and well made.I like that the fabric isn't too stiff, its actually kinda stretchy and breathes well. Due to the tight packaging, the skirt part below the belt was very wrinkly upon arrival but it came out easily with an iron on low heat. I am 5'2" and 110lbs (very petite, I know) so I ordered a small. It's not a perfect fit, but for an online purchase its pretty good.


The dress sits just below my knees and is a little looser than I would like in the waist area. For those who are of smaller stature, you will likely run into the same problem but its not a big deal - you can pair it with another belt and still look fabulous!


Overall, I am satisfied with this purchase and would recommend the brand MissMay to anyone looking for something classy and well made.


I cannot reiterate how much I love this dress. I bought it to propose to my husband in and it still fits fantastically a year later. The picture makes it look like it flares out but without anything under it it just hangs. However it looks great even just hanging. If I can dig up a pictureI will post it.


I am 5'2 and it goes down to my knees. I am a larger lady and it forms nicely to my chest and just really enhances my figure. I use to worry about buying clothes online but I have had better experiences online than in person at this point.


Just be careful ironing it! It may have just been user error but when I ironed it apparently I did not move fast enough and it left an iron mark. I wear it as a badge of honor and a reminder of an amazing day. Luckily the mark does not stand out too much but if you look at it closely you can see the iron print completely.


I was pleased when I received the dress that it fit well.  I am a size 16 usually and bought the XXL.  It was a bit big in the waist but I actually don't like my clothes fitting tightly, so I kept the size.  The top fit just right.  I think  a smaller size would have gaped at the buttons (size D bust).  Since the top is lacy though, it snagged easily.  Be careful not to lean against anything, such as leaning forward at the table.  The material is thick enough that no extra undergarments are needed.  The dress is stretchy and forgiving, making it a safer online purchase.


Beautiful dress, I'm 5"9 size 16-18. Ordered xxl. Love it. Great length.


I love this dress and had many compliments on the fit.  The fabric stretches which make a comfortable fit for a lot of body types.  I first ordered a Medium but because I am a petite 5'2" with a DD bust size I had to go to the large.  I was afraid the shoulders would not fit as it does not come in petite size.  The shoulders were a about half inch off but not noticeable.  I recommend dry cleaning although it does say washable.  I steamed to remove wrinkles after shipping.  The company made it super easy to return the first wrong sized dress.


Super cute dress!!!! Ordered a petticoat and a wider belt  too.  Usually I wear xl tops and 16-18 pants.  The 3x fit nicely.


Be careful with ironing!!!  Was horrified when I put an iron to this dress the night before I was going to wear it for the first time and I scorched it! Iron shaped imprint right in the middle of the skirt and could not wear it. The fabric on the skirt is deceiving because it's thick and therefore I thought sturdy. No where on the tag that is hanging from the dress does it warn about a too hot iron. Only on the tiny tag inside the dress does it say "cool iron". I ruined it, totally my fault but very sad that I wasn't warned because I did read the tag hanging from the dress prior to ironing just not the little one inside.  Now I have a beautifully ruined dress hanging in my closet. It is a really pretty dress that's why I can't bring myself to toss it yet. (sad face)


This dress is a cute and flattering style, and the construction is well done. I really wanted to like it, but just couldn't get over the fabric texture. The thickness of the skirt makes it hang funny, and--due to the waistline--I wouldn't feel comfortable wearing it without a thicker belt. The lace is... fine. Again, weird fabric texture and the collar was much bigger than I imagined. I was really excited to find this style of dress online because it's super hard to find in stores, but I have a thing about fabric and how it feels on my body. If I'm uncomfortable in it then I'll look noticeably uncomfortable, and this dress made me feel like I was suffocating. Unfortunately, returning it.


