This fit me great, BUT..there are pleats in the back that just won't lay flat no matter how much you iron them. They make your hiney look very WIDE.


The material was also weirdly stretchy. Sent back


READ WHOLE REVIEW- Love this dress's style and how it looks on me but don't be fooled. It was shipped to me already falling apart it came with a missing button and pulls everywhere and usually a company will send you a dress that is steamed and looks nice, I should know I work in the fashion industry, but they did not have the curtesy to do even that. The dress fits very well on me but I was also sent the wrong color and after using it once it looks like the material is falling apart. Will not buy from this company again cheaply made.


I ordered two dresses from this company from Amazon and it came very quickly!  I was pleasantly surprised that this dress fit so well!  I am 5'3" and curvy. (36B bust). This dress is so flattering and easy to wear!  When it arrived, I immediately put it on and ...YAY!!!  I'm keeping it!  The 3/4 sleeves look very nice and fit perfectly. The length of the dress is a little below the knee.  The belt is permanently attached to the dress. One thing I noticed is that the skirt is (almost a little too full?) but it works and is good for curvy women. If you are as hard to fit as I am - (I haven't worn a dress in years!) You should buy this! It will make you want to wear a dress again. I haven't washed this or pressed it yet.  The price is amazing for this cute dress. I would buy from this company again. (PS, I tried on the other dress and love it too!)  I hope this review helps others.


It has taken me a day to recover from just how wrong this dress is. Instead of the item I ordered, I received a size 4 Calvin Klein dress that only slightly matched the description of what I ordered. Not only was the frock a size 4 from the wrong designer, it did not have any tags, and smelled like it had been worn after a hard night out. Also, there was not a packing slip in the bag. Fear. I hope I will not have to have my house sprayed for parasites. Too small was my only option to choose that would fit, however I would enter many other about why it is wrong.


This dress is probably one of the best online clothes purchases I have ever made. Very good quality which was surprising. The fit is great. I am 5'2" and 160 lbs and got a large and it fit perfect. Stretchy material so it was very comfortable. Very classy dress and I got many compliments on it. I recommend this to anyone!  I also wanted to add that because the front buttons are functional it made it incredibly easy to nurse my baby when I needed to!


I loved this dress. True to size, for the price it's a really good material, so glad I've found this store they've never dissapointed me.


I ordered this dress hoping to have something other than slacks to wear to the office. I read several reviews and was torn between ordering a med or a large. I went with the med.I love the DRESS but the fit for me was really bad. The arms for the dress were to small for my arms. I wear a med in blouses and still try them on because of the cut in the upper arms. This dress had the same issue. My second issue comes at the waste I have a small one. its really hard to find pants that don't gap because well I have junk in the trunk and a 26' in waste. So the waste in this dress would fit most normal people just not me. The skirt is real full too which I liked it hide the hips well. I really do love the look of this dress just not made for my body type.


For the price, this dress was an amazing buy.  I got so many compliments.  The only issue I had was with the bust area.  It was kept apart (I am larger busted but still!) so I ended up leaving it unbuttoned.  While my husband liked that, I felt self conscience all night.  So I would say have something to wear underneath if you're larger busted so your chest isn't popping out.  Other than that, absolutely loved it.  My friend even asked to wear it!


I love this dress!!!


I initially ordered a Large because I fit right on the verge between Medium and Large. I ended up sending it back and purchasing a medium and am much happier with the fit. I'm 5'11" and the dress is plenty long! I do have issues with gaping in across my breast and had to add a safety pin to keep the material from pulling, exposing the buttons in the area, forcing it to lay flat. This dress is extremely professional and very comfortable. The material is stiffer and will hold wrinkles more so if you're looking for a quick dress to throw on this might not be for you. I machine was mine on cold and hang it to dry. I have to be sure to pull out any folds or wrinkles so it doesn't dry wrinkled. I do iron this before I wear it.


My only complaint is that the seam sometimes pops out of the lace on the front of my breasts. This is an easy fix by making sure it's pulled inside my dress before going out. I'm you could cut them off but I didn't want to tempt fate and have it unravel the whole seam.


