Fit great then I decided to wash it before wearing and brought it to the cleaners.  Got it back and was getting ready for a night out and the dress had shrunk just enough that it was too tight across my chess. Wish I hadn't washed it before wearing it at least once.  Very cute dress.


Great dress, buy it, you won't regret it. I didn't have any issues with workmanship, stitching was great and the material is very nice and heavy. As far as fit-  I am 5'6, 160lbs, 36B and bought a large, I really could have gone with a medium I think. The arms fit well, not too tight, however the waist and chest were a bit big. The dress still looked amazing despite the larger size and I received so many compliments.


I absolutely love this dress! As I'm pulling out of the package the material felt like superb quality!! I was saying I love this dress as I'm pulling it out of the package. I try it on & am grateful I ordered a size up. I normally wear 10-12 (156 lb).but have large bust having hard time finding dresses that will fit properly especially buttons I can never do because of peekaboo between buttons(top heavy). I am also 5'2" more issues finding cute petite dresses, the way the dress flares out makes it the perfect length. Doesn't need a petticoat, however will order one for different dress & try to see if it adds or if it's too much but also gorgeous without!!


While this dress isn't an empire waist (it wasn't advertised as it, hold on) this dress did wonders for my figure! Normally anything BUT the empire-waist style makes my figure look great. The skirt has less give than I'd like, so it was difficult to put a petticoat underneath and have it look good without the dress looking like a cone. Other than that, it was true to size with a little bit of wiggle room and give.


I was very excited about receiving this dress after reading all of the reviews and seeing the pictures posted.  The dress has wonderful quality material.  I was just disappointed that the top fits a little snug across my girls (38D) and I ordered an X-large (I normally wear a large) to compensate for them.  It still looks great on me just was hoping it was going to be as comfortable as everyone else was stating.  Also, I order the bright blue dress but received the navy blue one :-(


Dress is a very heavy drape, lays very well along hips and waist, the dress is a definite recommend. I am not sure about the zipper pull stopping mid back but in the mirror at any angle the zipper pull blends into the dress. Really love it can't wait to go out in it. Also, was concerned about the built in belt being cheap, but it also looks rather nice in person and helps define waist.


I bought this on a whim, before a cruise with my husband, for our formal night dinner. It was perfect! It's one of those dresses you can dress up or dress down, and it's extremely comfortable too. I received so many compliments! I am glad I chanced it and bought it.  My only complaint is trying to iron the pleats is a little cumbersome, but a steamer seemed to do the trick! It wrinkles fairly easily, so I had it pressed on the ship before dinner and it hasn't wrinkled too much since then!


I love this dress. 1950s fashion has always been very appealing to me. It allows me to feel sexy but also look classy. Perfect for wedding or funeral. I got alot of good commits. I am a 34ddd, 5'4'', 130lbs and a medium fit me perfect.


Just so future customers know this dress does run past my knees, but thats how 1950s dress were. It allows women to show their figure by hugging the high waste area and allow the rest of the dress to flow while giving the body an hour-glass appearance. A pair of black heels go perfect with this also!!


Im 100% Ordering more MissMay dresses.


It’s heavier than expected. It is of great quality and is very classy on. A beautiful, modest dress for an amazing price. As other reviewers mentioned, it’s best to take it to a professional cleaners to have the skirt pressed or steamed before wearing.


I wanted to like this, really! I mostly liked the top half of the dress; I thought the cuffs were not so attractive, being kind of long. But the skirt material was what made me return it. It's stretchy but stiff fabric that I fear may require constant ironing since the dress was pretty wrinkled coming out of the package. I guess I was expecting something a little more drapey.


