I was shocked at how well this dress fit.  I wear XL shirts (36c) and size 16 pants.  The material is sturdy and flexible.  The lace wasn't scratchy or too delicate.  I definitely feel like I got a deal on this dress considering the quality of the fabric and that I didn't have to drive to 20 stores to find it.  It will definitely need some serious steaming to get the wrinkles out as it comes folded up like a tshirt.  By buttoning or unbuttoning the dress, you can change the look to fit any occasion.  I got several compliments and felt put together and polished.


This is my dream dress. Do not buy this dress without a petticoat. Other than that this dress rocks. I highly recommend you buy it if you're into vintage dress. Quid pro quo...my bust pushes at the buttons. If you're top heavy, you'll have to secure the buttons with a small safety pin. Other than that, I am happy with my purchase.


Love this dress. The navy blue is so pretty and it's really flattering!


Dont think, just buy! I debated on purchasing this dress and I'm so happy I did! It was perfect for the wedding I had to attend. I received so many compliments... I felt like a princess, haha. Im just under 5'3" and it fit right below my knees. I normally wear and XL but purchased this in a Large after reading the reviews and I was so happy I did. I just had a baby 3 months ago... The dress is a bit stretchy and smoothed out the pudge I wanted to hide on both my belly and back. It also did very well with giving me cleavage. You can also unbutton the front to show a bit more cleavage. A true black color. Lace is stronger than most lace I see on clothing: I would give it more stars if I could!


I read about 1000 reviews before purchasing this dress. This dress is amazing! I wore it to a funeral and wedding. I received so many compliments from both men and women. People were in love with this dress and wanted to know where I bought it. I ordered the same dress for my mom last night in navy blue because she was impressed as well.


I typically wear a size 4 in tops and size 2 in bottoms. I am a 34DD in the bust. The top fits snugly. I didn't want to go up a size because I was afraid the skirt would be too big. Despite the top fitting snugly, I am satisfied with the dress. I will buy this dress again in black. It's definitely worth the money and unlike any dress I have seen in the store.


First, the details.


It is very well made. Sturdy threading, heavy, stretch material and a built in camisole that blends a black bra in perfectly with the dress (for bigger chested women who can get away with a strapless or sans). The lace detail is bsautiful and stretchy as well. Definitely measure yourself and follow the chart. This dress will fit snugly(for me perfectly at a 2x my chest is a 44) and may cause slight gapping if you have this issue.


Now, the raves.


Omg guys this dress is the one I'm getting married in!! It is so perfectly made that with a petticoat it will be perfect for my informal spring wedding. Im so excited! I cannot stop finding reasons to try it on and the best part is that this dress can basically perfect to wear to almost any occasion, even work! I love this dress. Will update with pictures from ceremony.


I like everything about it except their small size is still too large for me. I am 4'11 less than 90 lbs some small fits me, just not this one.  Waist  on the dress falls 2 in lower.  Dress is well made, skirt area will need ironing.  Returning this item.


If you are long-waisted, that is, no one-piece bathing suits fit you - even the Longitude ones, you're going to get what you'd expect: a dress that makes you look fat and flat chested when you're neither. My shoulders are broad and the XXL fit them perfectly. The chest would have fit beautifully but the whole thing just sits too high on me. Looks horrible. If you pull it down hard, you can see how great it would look if only it fit...but you're just going to return it if you buy it. Good quality FOR THE PRICE, but it's not brand-name quality. Disappointed but not surprised. Everyone will love it, if you're not built like me.


I received SO many compliments on this dress! I'm 6 feet tall, about 265lbs, 42DDD and this dress fit me perfectly. The material is relatively stretchy, the dress fits well in the bust area for me (unbuttoning two buttons transforms this from work attire to sexy), so I'd imagine anyone not as busty as myself may want to order a size down. The material is heavy, as stated in other reviews, but not too heavy to wear. It's really high quality fabric and lace. My only negative comment would be that this dress smelled a bit when I first opened the package, but letting it hang and air out for a day before wearing it solved that problem. I highly recommend this dress to anyone that likes vintage fashion. You get way more than what you pay for. I'll absolutely buy from this seller again!!!!


Really cute dress. I ordered a medium and need to send back and get a small as it's too large in the waist and hips.


The lace material is stretchy -- so don't worry too much about your arms :)


I do not like the built in belt.  I will likely remove this and replace with another belt.  It doesn't stretch around the entire waist (only the front) and doesn't function as a belt -- so can't be cinched.


The waist is slightly too low on my frame, which makes my tummy look larger than it is.  This is part of the reason I'll exchange for a small.  I'm 5'6" and 139 and have an hour glass figure.  When I cinched the back of the waist, I had about 3" of give -- so hopeful that the size down will help.


