Cute dress! Love it with my cowboy boots.


I'm 5'2 and it was long but I expected that. I just hemmed it and it worked fine!


Nice cocktail dress.


Sizes run true to size. I got an X Large, I wear a size 14 Jean and Im a 40 DD fit perfect. Im also have thick shoulders fit just fine. The fabric is some what stretchy. Recieved it Quickly.


I'm 5 foot 9 and 4 months pregnant (large for 4 months. ..big baby boy) and apt 160lbs. This was exactly what I needed.  I went to a black only bridal shower and needed a classy black dress. I was concerned that being pregnant would throw a damper on things. ...not at all in this dress.  This dress is well made,  thick stretchy material.  Fit my curves and made me feel like a billion dollars.  Stretchy so it didn't hurt growing tummy. My only complaint was how dress wasn't very "comfortable". Now hot spring day driving 2ish hours to a bridal shower while 4 months pregnant would equal anything would be uncomfortable but the thick lace and multiple layers made this puppy a joy to rip off. The moment I left the shower I changed into go old yoga pants.  I would chalk this up to a very awesome pretty dress that is great for fancy occasions but was too thick to wear on just a normal day with out the dread of discomfort.


Absolutely love this dress! Great fit. Beautiful dress


The quality of the material, stitching and style for the price makes this a 5 star purchase.  The dress is very classic and beautiful on.  The material is a bit stretchy and works out well for me.  Because I measured a XXL in the bust but I can make the XL work.  Love this purchase.


I really loved this dress! The skirt part was a little too big but overall it was a big hit. I received verbal compliments from lots of people. Most importantly I received the look of envy LOL. I was hesitant to wear this dress at first but I am really glad I did. The only thing I would add are pockets.I am a huge fan of pockets. I need to carry my chapstick and keys.


I really love this dress. After reading multiple reviews i decided this would be the best dress to purchase. I would have normally purchased at size 16, but based upon comments i decided to get the size 12 -14 instead.  I am 5'7 and weigh 186 pounds and the 12-14 fits perfectly and I so happy i got this dress.  It can go from conservative to sexy just by opening a button on two in the front. I would definitely recommend this dress.


looks great


