Love, love, love this dress!! At 5'2, 165lbs, finding clothes that are flattering and comfortable to fit my size 12 (wore a size 6 until 3 years ago) body is frustrating. This dress fit amazingly well in a large, and the lace is soft and stretchy. The covered buttons on the front let you adjust the amount of skin showing, and the back zipper is easy to get to without help. No weird bulges or gaps, though I would definitely recommend a 25in length petticoat to take full advantage of the style. I bought 2 other dresses in different styles online (Nordstrom, Macy's), and returned those, so this was a great bargain!


This is a lovely dress however I found the Medium to be too big in the shoulders. I am 5'4" and usually wear a size 6 and have a small bust. The material is stretchy so I imagine a size Small would suit me. I opted to send back because I already have a similar style and this one didn't completely wow me when I tried it on.


I had a special wedding coming up and bought this on a whim. I've never bought a dress for a wedding or special occasion online. I just never seemed to have the time to go and I ran out of time. I got SO many compliments on this dress! Nice fabric, kinda like a taffeta but a bit heavier. I'm usually a size 8 and I got the medium and the waist was just a tad too big on me. The price just seemed to good to be true, I usually spend anywhere from $150-300 for a "fancy" dress and I loved telling people how much I spent on this. Btw, the buckle is gold, it looked silver in the picture.


It's very classy looking when on and extremely comfortable. It has a couple odd things, such as the "belt" isn't removable and is only on the front side. You have to unbutton the front and unzip the back to put it on. Threads came loose the first time I wore it.


Bodice area was small and very tight for a 36C.  It's a return due to this problem but I did like the style and shape of the dress.  I'm 5 feet and the dress (length) did pass my knees about good 2 inches.


I ordered a large based on other customer reviews and trying to judge my body shape in comparison to those who provided pictures. I am 5'4, about 215lbs, and a 38DD cup. This dress fit my perfect everywhere except for the chest. If youre about my size, a Large could work but you would have to get the chest area altered a bit (you get the hole pockets between buttons/ risk buttons popping otherwise). Besides the sizing, this dress is BEAUTIFUL!!! I am so glad I ordered this as my real dress I'd own as an adult.


I never buy dresses online because I fear it will fit weirdly, but all of the reviews said it worked with almost any body type. YOU WILL NOT REGRET BUYINH THIS DRESS. I bought it for my graduation day and I got so many compliments even well after when I went to eat dinner with my family. It was so beautiful. One of the other reviewers suggested buying a red petticoat to give the dress some color and flare and let me tell you: GREAT IDEA. The red was that extra it needed and so so beautiful. It's my favorite dress now. It's true to size as well.


The dress looks exactly the same as the one showing in pictures! I ordered a M size and it fits perfectly for me (I'm 5'4" and 128 lbs). In fact, it almost feels like a tailor-made dress in terms of sizing. The material is a little bit harder/ thicker than I thought, which is totally fine. It just means that I need to iron it, and I'm a lazy person who doesn't like ironing my clothes. I should take out one star on myself, not on the dress lol


Regarding the length (cause there're lots of comments related to the length): it is not a short dress, you can see it from the pictures.  I'm 5'4" and it covers my knee caps.  It works for me cause I don't like my knee caps anyways, so the length works well for me.  Also, it's a 1950s style dress, so that's the look they are going with.  I personally don't find any issue with the length.


I love love this dress! I am always hesitant about buying clothes or shoes online without the chance to trying it on first but I couldn't be happier with my purchase. I am 5'4 and 155 pounds got a medium and it fits like a glove. I am going to wear it for my baby's baptism and I give this dress an extra star because is nursing friendly since the front can be opened. I also bought a petticoat to add more shape to it but it is not necessary.


I was a little hesitant to purcahse this dress, but did b/c I L O V E THE STYLE!!  It is a WOW! Wish they had more colors!


It arrived very, very wrinkled and an odd product care.  'Hand wash, don't iron.'  I email the seller ( who responded immediately) that I did not have the facility to hand wash this and was going to use my washer on gentle w/ Woolite Delicate Care. The seller said to hang it in the sun to dry.


I used my iron on synthetics setting on my brand new dress and it is P E R F E C T!  LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS DRESS!


