It’s a beautiful dress... unfortunately half way trough ceremony I had purchased this for , my right bust began to unravel!!! Not good.. maybe it was just this one dress but this one dress caused me great distress.. that was why I gave it 2 stars...


LOVE this dress. Wore it to a wedding and the photographer even took a pic of the tag so she could buy one for herself. I received compliments ALL night. Just goes to show that classic styles are the way to go. No cleavage was visible and it falls below the knee. Still looks sexy and beautiful. I bought a navy petticoat for it and it really set the dress off. If I could give it 10 stars I would.


I ordered the large. I probably should have ordered a medium as there is some stretch to the fabric. I'm 135/5'3" and the large is a bit loose, but not enough to be unflattering. It falls just below my knees, so I'll probably have it hemmed a bit to look a little less matronly. The blue color is a bit darker than the picture online seems to look, but the lace and dress construction is very lovely. This will be great for winter or evening weddings and work holiday parties. Certainly worth my $35.


I'm a bartender in a pretty nice bar and we are required to wear black. We can wear whatever as long as it is nice and black. This dress is great. You look great and best of all it breaths well and it doesn't stain. I highly recommend this dress.


This dress is very pretty with quality material. My only thing is, is that I am very curvy and the dress hits me at the knee. Wish it was a tad bit longer for modesty so I will either take the hem out or add a touch of tulle at the bottom.


Bought for my wife for Christmas cause she was freaking out on what to wear.  She loved it, it fit her well, and she looked amazing in it.  She was super excited and wore it proudly.  A plus was that the lace was super soft and I couldn't stop rubbing her shoulders.  Also, the length was perfect, not to short but not to long either.  My wife is 5'9" weighs around 115-120 lbs (not to sure on the exact number and nor will I ask...lol) I ordered her a medium and it fit perfectly.


Beautiful dress. I am 5'4, 165 lb, 36C. The dress was a bit tight in the top and the arms, but I have larger upper arms. I wasn't sure about the arms at first, and the bottons buldged a little bit, but I put I'm a different bra  and it worked.  I also wore a crinoline skirt. Love the dress lots of compliments!


I bought the Missmay dress on this page and the seemingly identical Angerella dress (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01MQ019I7/ref=twister_B01M080HQH?_encoding=UTF8&th=1&psc=1), both in size small, and the Missmay dress was much, much larger than the Angerella dress, though otherwise nearly identical. I’m 5’2”, 110lb, 33-24-35, and the size small Missmay dress was WAY too big for me, the size small Angerella was only a little bit too large. The dresses are of reasonable quality but badly need to be pressed before wearing.


Love this dress. I'm about 5ft 5.5 inches and 142 pounds, and I struggled to decide between a small and a medium. Being pear shaped, I went with my normal size for A-line dresses, a small.


It's very comfortable and pretty. I've received many compliments on it, and I can't wait to try other dress from this company! I will say that it fits a little snug, so if you're around my weight/height but have more even weight dress distribution, you should probably go with a medium. I'll update this post with pictures soon, but in the meantime, I love it!


I wore this dress to my Naturalization Ceremony. Received many compliments all day long. Based on other people's reviews, I ordered M instead of my regular L (being 5 ft 4 and 150 lbs), and the fit was perfect.


