I never write reviews but I had to rave about this dress! It fit me beautifully (I based my sizing off of other reviews) the second I put it on. It was so comfortable to wear during my entire evening, and the compliments were endless! I'm 5'8", 195 pounds, and have a larger bust (after four kids!), and wear 14/16 right now. The XXL fit perfectly, and the length was right at the knee.


This dress is a must-have!!! The first time i saw this dress was at a corporate party on someone else and I fell in love!! Had to buy it when i saw it on Amazon. The lace is soft and the bottom portion of the dress is nice and heavy. Classy dress!! Can't beat the price!!


A beautiful dress that fits wonderfully. I read that it usually fits a size too small. I normally wear a medium to large due my upper body size so I ordered an extra large and it fit perfectly. The lace is very soft and the skirt material is sturdy and thick. No slip needed.


I bought this to wear for a wedding. I am very happy with my purchase. I was worried about sizing, but after reading other reviews, I went with a Medium. I am 5'6" and 135lbs. I have some room in the waist, which is where I was worried about it being tight. As other reviews have mentioned, I will be taking the dress in the be pressed to get the wrinkles out of the skirt from being packaged. I am very happy and cannot wait to wear this dress.


I used the size chart when ordering but this dress was too small. Also, the color navy was so dark it looked black and the top half was a different shade than the skirt. The vendor was courteous, shipping was fast, and returning it was easy...thank you for that part....just the product wasn't up to par.


Super cute but the zipper tore the first night I wore it. It just popped open in the back while I was at a dinner. Very embarrassing. And the dress wasn't too tight on me. Not sure what it was. I sent it back.


I love this dress! The style is very flattering and the fabric is fabulous! I can’t wait to wear it to a wedding later this month!!!


Just for a size reference, I bought the XL and I wear a 38DD. I could not button any of the buttons, so if you're larger chested this probably isn't a dress for you. I don't really like how it looks with a tank top underneath so I'll either have to deal with that or have massive cleavage. It's a lose-lose. The dress itself is really nice though. It's got a bit of weight to it and doesn't feel cheap at all. It feels very classy to have on (minus the boob part).


Loved this dress! It was beautiful, comfortable, and flattering. The most amazing dress for the price. I recommend getting a petticoat for under the skirt. It makes the dress so much more dramatic. I received so many compliments when wearing this. The size was as expected and was very well made. The material has a bit of a stretch to it which made moving around in it easier.


Absolutely in love with this dress! I received so many compliments and I can’t wait to wear it again. Very classic look


