This dress is really nice and true to size. I really like it. The only thing that is preventing me from giving it 5 stars is that the seam above  the zipper was completely torn, so I just went ahead and sewed it myself. Other than that it looks nice, can't wait to wear it out.


I'm 5'7 170lbs the large fit perfectly I'm going to wear this at a wedding. Well made love the style and can't wait to wear it. Will be buying from this brand again


This runs very small. It does not fit well if you are short and a bit heavy even XL. Wish I could send it back but time ran out. Didn’t realize the time limit my fault on that.


The dress is attractive, the fabric is stretchy.  With a petticoat underneath, it looked very nice.  However, it stunk badly like cigarette smoke, so I returned it.


The dress is made of a nice quality material. The stitching is of a great quality. It came at  time indicated however I purchased based on reviews. I am a size 14. Dress fit tight under arms and snug on my breast. Thus the 3 star review.


I was so sad to have to return this. I'm large chested and the dress didn't suit my figure since it has buttons over the chest area (you know what I mean if your large). I have this issue a lot so I wouldn't say it's a flaw in the dress design.  So disappointed. It was beautiful, and a great value!


Heavy odd fabric on the really full skirt.  It arrived wrinkled and once it was on was more dowdy looking than I expected.  The back of the skirt was also longer than the front.  I haven't gone back to see the photos of the listing yet but with the pleating, the skirt puffed out right over my rear like I had a bustle on too.


Gorg!  I get so many compliments on this little number.  I got the medium, I'm 5' and 120 lbs.  I appreciate the sleeve length and upper body coverage. Fabric is substantial, zipper is excellent. The styling is perfect for my body type .


Dress looked great and fit well. I got the small at 5'6 & 120lbs. Only issue is that the dress is 100% cotton and came a wrinkled mess. Also wrinkles fairly easily when wearing. Washed well.


Fit was boxy and cheap materials so didn't lay great.  Ended up returning it. One plus is did have good fit and stretch in the arms.


