The dress is cute but the material is not what I expected. The bottoms is more like a chino like material.. It has a million wrinkles in it and the color was faded in placed. Some of the stitches on the pleats were not the most secure.. I will be returning it


Love this dress! Well made and very beautiful. The skirt material will need steaming before wear. I typically order a small or medium in dresses and I was glad I ordered the medium. I am a 34D and it's just big enough to go across my chest without too much pulling although I made need to add a safety pin just to be safe. Overall, it's a beautiful dress I can't wait to wear for work!


I absolutely love this dress!  I'm normally a size 16, with a large bust, so I bought a 2XL. It was still a little snug across the chest, but not to the point that I needed to use a safety pin to keep it decent. The material has a good amount of stretch, so it could easily fit someone smaller as well. Others complained about the cut, so at 6' I wasn't sure if I should even try, but the waist sat barely above my natural waist. A little fiddling with the belt, and it looked great.


Really great dress, especially for the price.  The lace has stretch to it, so it's comfortable to wear, and the cut is flattering.  The only problem I had is that I have a long torso and am chesty so it almost fits me like an empire waist instead of how it looks on the model in the picture.  Certainly a good buy.


This dress was beautiful but I just wasn't quite comfortable in it. The sleeves were a little tight. And the top didn't work for me. The skirt looked better with the petticoat I bought. Also the skirt does have sewn in pleats and the fabric was stretchy.


Would get 5 stars if it fit. It's just going to have to be incentive to lose weight so I can get into it. Other than the size, it is a beautiful dress.


The dress is cut very well and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of fabric. I wore this dress to a wedding and received lots of compliments. It does run small, so size up! Glad I read the other ladies' helpful reviews on sizing prior to purchasing.


I loved the cut of this dress & ordered 1 size up, but it was still too small. I am 5'11", 195 lbs, 38DDD. I typically wear a US size L-XL. I ordered this item in XL & it was much too small. Other than the size running smaller than anticipated, the dress seemed to be sewed well & of very nice fabric. I may try this dress in a 2XL, but am uncertain whether the waist will sit correctly because of my height.


Love this dress! The fit is perfect! I bought a petticoat to put under it, but I didn't really need it


While I thought this dress looked good online it was nothing compared to how it looked on my daughter. It is so well-made, hangs nicely, and is absolutely beautiful.


