They fit as expected. The skirt is made of cotton and does not have much of a form; I guess one has to iron it to get the shape shown in the picture. I personally don't find it flattering on me.


This dress is beautiful. It has a slight stretch to it which makes it fit just perfectly. I am a 34 bust, 5'4 inches tall, and 134 lbs. I ordered a size small and it fit like a glove. I wore this to a holiday party and received a number of compliments.


I bought this dress because I wanted something for a holiday party. This dress works well for it! The fabric and quality is really great for the price. I love the lace detail and the belt. The neckline is great as well!


The one thing I will say though is if you're short, the dress may go past/or fall at your knees. I wish it rested above my knee, but it's okay. Also the bottom fabric for the skirt is heavy and a little different to get used to at first. But overall, it's perfect for what I needed.


Just wish the dress actually fit on the waistline instead off above the waist.


Pay attention to the measurements. I thought I could squeeze into the one I purchased, all the measurements were right except the bust, so ... I have to use safety pins to keep my chest from showing. Just go with your measurements and it will be perfect.


I absolutely love the dress. The fabric is a heavier material and the lace has some stretch and is sewn well. While the dress is fabulous, I do wish it had a slightly more snug fit, especially in the breast area. In dresses I  usually wear an 8 or 10, and my bra size is 36B. I ordered the large, and I think a medium could have been a slightly better fit for me. However, it still looks great and I'm keeping it!


Absolutely Perfect!!! Dress looks like the picture, good quality material, shipped fast, and fit perfectly. For reference I am 5'4" and about 150 lb. Even though I have a bust of 49 the lace on top is stretchy and had no problem zipping it up. I purchased this dress for a winter wedding because it is my style, 3/4 length sleeves, and heavy material. I would definitely recommend this dress to anyone and I hope my reference helps when choosing your size


The skirt is pleated, and heavy and I love the way the sewn-in cami peeks through the lace top. The belt is made of the same material as the skirt, so its more like a sash with a buckle, and it ends at the side seams, it doesn't go all the way around. It was a bit loose, so you might have to have it adjusted depending on the size of your waist. But otherwise, it fit well and covers up. I bought it for church so it suits the occassion.


Beautiful dress!! Classy, modest and flattering. Very pleased! 160 lbs, 38B, and an XL was just a tad big, but nothing to complain about. I've received several compliments on this dress each time I've worn it, and I dare say it's one of my all-time favorites!


This dress fits great and looks amazing. It is good quality material. However, after trying it on, it is too long for me (I'm 5'8" and it comes below the knee) and the bottom is heavy and there is so much material, also, I can't button it all the way because the buttons pull on my chest (I'm a 38 C). Not going to work as a summer dress like I intended. I will be returning, but not because if the quality.


