Well made dress. Non lace fabric is heavy, which  is great for my needs. I'm about 5ft 7"weigh about 160 lbs, bought medium and it fits perfectly!! I tried on the dress after a day at work, before feeding my baby and it was not tight  across the boobs (as I feared). The lace and  cotton fabric are stretchy so I guess that makes it forgiving. Great buy. P.s I haven't washed it yet so I can't speak to how it withstands a wash.


Material was great, sizing seemed over generous.


The skirt material is a lot stiffer than I'd like. Makes it a little less feminine not as flowy if you can get that.


I love the dress it looked lovely for the occasion.


This dress was for a wedding, and it worked perfectly. I had many compliments, and it didn't feel heavy or too hot when I was wearing it. I in Texas, and the humidity can be horrible yet it felt great while wearing. I even had panty hose on, and it didn't bother me one bit. I'd recommend this dress to anyone. The price was even better than any dress I had come across with.


Fit well. The other reviews paint a clear picture of the product already so I won't rehash. I will mention though that it will be worth it to get some kind of petticoat to go under the skirt since it falls pretty limp. Otherwise, this dress will be the first of many more I will be purchasing in the future.


I ordered a S even though I thought I’d probably be a M. I’m 5’8” and 140lbs and this dress fits perfectly! I figured it might run a little bit so I got the size down. Really glad I did! Keep in mind- when it comes in, the pleat skirt is SUPER wrinkly so you have to iron it big time right away. But aside from that, I love the color and fit!


This dress arrived today and I am absolutely thrilled with it. The product has exceptional quality with an old Hollywood vintage look.  I knew I should have purchased a size smaller, but I went against my better judgement. The dress is a loose fitting, but the style allows me to pull it off as is.  I have researched Miusol already and I'm prepared to  do a lot of more business with them.  I'm confided that I will be the only one with this dress at the banquet and After Five event.


This dress is really pretty! The sleeves are a bit tight so I would probably order a size up because my range of motion is limited in the size I ordered. Otherwise, I love it!


The dress was pretty but it was cut way too small


A beautifully made dress! Arrived as expected very well packaged. For me, the dress was very short waisted and I needed to return it--I was sad.


