I love this dress.  I am always nervous about buying clothes online. You cant try it on and you can't feel the fabric. But I was pleasantly surprised by this dress. If it's really nice. Got a lot of compliments on it.


Perfect dress, amazing quality fabric. It feels and looks like a far more expensive dress. Very flattering dress!


Dress was even more beautiful in person!! I absolutely LOVE it!! It does run small though. In all my measurements besides my chest the size chart said I should purchase a small I am 5'9" wear a size 3/4 and I'm 135lbs. However, I went with a medium because my breasts are 36DD. The chest is still too tight for me. However I put a cute black cami underneath the dress and it looks amazing and I can leave the top two buttons undone.


I received a plain, pull-over and wash and wear dress that looked nothing like this dress. It is being returned for a full refund. How frustrating!


I ordered a large and I am 5'10" and about 160 lbs. I am older (60) and wanted a little black dress that is not too little. This fits perfect and the hem is just below the knee.


The material was very nice.  I have broad shoulders and a little busty;so the buttons were pulled open.


I'm 5'7" 115 lbs and purchased a size small.  The dress is surprisingly well made for the price I paid. The material is a decent weight and the waist is not really fitted if you are on the smaller side of the size range, manufacture lists size 4 to 6 as their small. The 3/4 length sleeves are a little more fitted but have just enough give in the cuffs so they are not tight. The hem falls just below my knees.  I really do like this dress more than I expected too. Very happy with my purchase.


I was lucky enough to find this dress for a last minute New Year's eve celebration.  The fit is perfect - I ordered a medium, I'm 5'7" (almost) and 135 lbs. - and is exactly as portrayed in the pictures.  The fabric and quality are great.  The wrinkles from shipping ironed out very easily. It's ideal as is, but it's also versatile and I dressed it up by temporarily replacing the buttons and simple gold belt buckle with a little bling.  The dress held up beautifully and still looked great at the end of the night.


Arrived very fast.  This is the first time that I order the clothes on line, and fit perfectly.  So cute, and fit really well, and love the material.  I am planning to buy different color, too.


I haven't worn it yet, but I tried it on and I loved it! I normally bounce between an XL and XXL, but I bumped it up to XXXL and I'm glad I did. Fits perfectly and looks beautiful. Can't wait to wear it to my work holiday party in a few weeks! I love that I was in Macy's looking at dresses that cost 3 times what this dress cost and this dress not only fits better than the Macy's ones, it was a lot cheaper!


