Great dress.  Quality of both the fabric and workmanship were good for the price.  The top is a stretch lace with an attached camisole so wearing a regular bra was no problem.  The skirt is made of a heavy twill material.  Not quite as shiny as the picture.  I'm 5'10" 185 lbs and the large fit perfectly and fell right at my knees.


it's too small and make me look fat :-(. and you need to pay the shipping for buy and return.:-((


The dress is nice and the skirt is not flimsy, in fact feels like taffeta.  There were some loose threads along the zipper which almost got the zipper stuck, so I had to trim those.  My one complaint is that like so many other dresses these days, the waist is too high - at least 2" above my natural waistline.  It would look better if the waist hit me at my natural waistline, and while I am keeping the dress, for this reason I would not order again if I had any doubts about the waist.


Very cute, my daughter loves it and wears it to both formal and semi-formal and looks great. We were even surprised by the quality of the material, which is more dense than some cheaper dresses purchased online. Definitely would recommend.


Used it as a graduation dress. Very classy dress. I am 5'6 130 lbs and ordered a small. I wasn't sure what to expect and was worried that it may not fit or turn out as expected, but it fit perfectly just in time for my graduation the next day. I would definitely recommend it!


Beautiful dress, but I had to return it. I ordered my normal size, and couldn't get zipped up due to chest area being too small. I will reorder a size bigger. Looks very well made. Heavy material at the bottom. The 'bright blue' looks more like a navy blue to me.


Fit great! I always take a chance ordering clothes online but this one worked out great. I am not at all the size of this model but it still looks great on me.


When my grandma passed away I needed a dress fast! Look no more Amazon always has my back! I found this dress for a great price and it was classy and a great length. It has a nice stretch to it and is very flattering and not itchy at all.


It fit beautifully and I would have given it five stars however...the picture indicates that the clasp on the front of the "belt" is silver so I bought silver earrings and bracelet to go with it.  I was bummed to find that it was gold =(.  Also the skirt is not as full as the picture so if you are looking for a more flared look I would buy the petticoat.


Adorable style. I can't wait to wear it to something :) Will definitely need to iron it. I got a bigger size originally, but it's got a lot of stretch, so if you're in between sizes, id go with the smaller one.


