So pleased with this dress. Needed something easy to wear and economical among a crowd I knew would be well dressed. It fit great, the material of the skirt has substance but the heavier weight gives it a flattering shape once you steam iron it the first time. The lace top has enough stretch to fit comfortably and didn't feel flimsy at all. I'm a size 12, 36D and the large fit exactly right.


Love this so much!  Just what I expected - maybe better, even. The fabric is weighty cotton with stretch and there is enough of a flare for my country dancing twirls. I'm almost 60 and it feels age appropriate without being dowdy. The only reason I gave it four stars is that the pleating in the back falls over my butt in a slightly unflattering way - some of that is my butt, of course, but I might sew it down a bit more so that it stays flatter till it's below my hips and can fall more smoothly.. I've washed it and dryed it slightly in the dryer and then did a little ironing of the lower half. The lace is also very soft and does not seem fragile at all. I like that it can be buttoned up for less exposure or unbuttoned for more!  All in all it was just what I was looking for to wear to an evening of country dancing.


I love this dress! I love the lace and the style and it's just what I wanted. It's difficult to find nice midi dresses (for me at least) they are either too short or too long and this was the perfect length for me. The cloth is a quality material and there is a lining under the lace. I bought this dress in light blue and it's very lovely.


My daughter LOVED this dress and it was soooooooo flattering. She reports that it was comfortable and stretchy. This dress is fabulous for any body shape. She is a very curvy girl and it's nice to be able to find her beautiful, flattering dresses, that doesn't need to be incredibly short or revealing. She received MANY compliments. My only suggestion, would be to make the belt adjustable. oh, and Be warned that when ironing to do so inside out and on a very low temp. My husband burned the dress, causing my daughter and I to cry, when trying to iron it. She loves the dress so much, the poor girl is wearing it with a large iron burn on the front. :(


Beautiful dress and thick material but the top/arms run small. I read the reviews to find a similar shape and sized person for reference so I ordered a medium. The waist and bottom fit well but the arms are too tight. I can wear it without the buttons on the sleeves buttoned but that ruins the look. And a chest gap is present but that doesn't bother me too much because it's not overwhelming.


5'4" 150 36c - if I had to order again I'd order a large instead of medium


Incredibly flattering -- I wore it with no petticoat for a more formal look and it was killer on me -- even hides a minor mom tummy !!! The very stretchable lace and Solis  fabric feels so good to wear :)) be careful NOT to use a hot iron, only medium iron, I found out the hard way by not paying attention, like many stretchy fabrics, it will melt:/


I wore this dress to formal and fancy wedding last weekend.  It was very comfortable, photographed well, and fit perfectly.  The lace portion is stretchy and I was able to wear a black bra with it and had no issues of it "showing" obviously. I am 5'4'' and 145lbs the Medium fit perfectly, and the dress laid at the knee, which was nice, because it covered my knees enough to help my confidence (scars). pair it with pearls and it makes the dress classy as opposed to dark. I worried that the metal "belt" decoration would look "cheap" but it really worked out. Not bad. Highly recommend.


Nice, crisp fabric, taffeta like without the sheen. Stretch lace overlay on top. Even fit over muscular arms with no difficulty. Lining in upper portion so he's doesn't show through. Awkward to put on by yourself as zipper is in the back, but not up to the neckline. The zipper is similar to having it in the sideseam. No need for a slip.


It fits great. Fabric was pleasantly thicker than expected. I bought a blue in size large.


Cute dress, more suitable for a shorter person. The waist fit me right under the bust and I know that is not how it is suppose to look. I am busty but this dress has a very short waist if you know what I mean. THE MATERIAL AND QUALITY OF THE DRESS WERE BEAUTIFUL..


