I LOVE this dress. The fit and style and level of comfort is outstanding. This is going to be my wedding rehearsal dress. Very very pleased. Will buy again from this seller.


I ordered this dress based on reading reviews. The dress is everything I hoped it would be. No crooked stiching or lines, no strings hanging. (Ordering clothing online can be scary) we all know what can happen!


 This dress, AMAZING! The material without a doubt is super soft & sturdy, irons nicely, & hangs beautifully! High quality dress! Wore it for 12 hours and it was so comfortable, cannot wait to wear it again! It is hand wash flat dry. It washes great also!  I promise you, this dress will not disappoint! It's a winner!


The dress has a nice, classic fit.  Stretch Lace - kinda neat.  However, the dress shows obvious signs that someone had returned it and now I'm at least the second owner. Yuck.  There were no "tags" attached to the dress itself, which was my first clue.  But then the brand name tag on the collar is dirty, the inside collar shows signs of makeup, and the front of the dress looks like someone tried to iron it because the material is shiny. It would be nice if I could be sent a replacement - it's disappointing to say the least.


The dress arrived quickly, looks great. Exactly as described and fits well. I like that it has a layer under the bust area. no need for a slip.  I love the way it is substantial as well, not flimsy material, it looks nice on as well.


Beautiful dress! Love it! I originally ordered a size L and I wear a size 10/12 pant... I got the first in and sent it back and ordered the Medium as the Large was too loose. The Medium fit great however I think a small would have prolly fit even better! Great dress and great color!


Love this dress! However, Im full busted(38DD) and I honestly would like a little more room on the top. I ordered a large and it fits nicely everywhere else. The buttons are not pulling, and the material has a stretch to it, but I'm not 100% pleased with the fit there.


I still intend to wear it, as the dress is very flattering. For the price, you can't go wrong.


This dress exceeded my expectations! I love it! I did order a 3x when I wiuld usually order an 18 because i read other reviews saying it ran small.  I could've probably been OK with a 2X  but this is for a holiday party and I didn't want to risk it .  It's beautiful and great quality .. fun & flattering ..  can't wait to wear it !!


I loooooove this dress! I bought it for an upcoming wedding I'm attending and was scared about the sizing, I am 5ft 6in and weight 200lbs, normally wear XL in my clothing so went for that same size with the dress. It fits perfectly and also accentuates the right curves. Very flattering. It fit so well that my mother wanted one and we purchased it the next day! It was delivered promptly and packaged with care! Will definitely purchase more dresses from this store in the near future. Love it!


Great vintage dress.  Looks better and dressier with a crinoline underskirt.  Superb quality and stitching and fit.  Comfortable, stretchy fabric.  I wear size 10 or 12 and L fits perfectly.


I wore this for Easter Sunday because I was directing the choir at church. I received many many compliments on this dress. It is a bit small in the bust area. i am a DD and had to safety pin the gaps closed. I also wore it without a bra. I have to say it was very supportive. It is flattering and forgiving through the waist. The skirt is nice and full. I am 5'1" and it hit right bow the knee. Modest yet flirtatious.


