I ordered a xxl not sure of the sizing but I could have worn a large with no problem. I received so many compliments on this dress!


Beautiful and comfortable dress!  I wore this for my first Mother & Son Dance!  We had a blast and I was comfortable the whole time.  The bodice portion beneath the lace has a built in camisole; this allowed me to wear a normal bra and the straps blended right in.  The fabric is a cotton/nylon/spandex blend, which makes it very strong and stretchy.  Also, I chose wore a petticoat (I already owned) underneath to add fullness.  Overall, the night was a hit, I recieved several compliments, and I never once had to worry about my dress in any way.  I am 5' 7" and weigh aprox 170 lbs.  Based off of reviews, I purchased this in an XL and loved the fit.  Personally, I think a Large would have been too snug, so this size was just right.  As you can see in the photo, the dress length goes to just below my knee.  I love this dress so much that I'm looking at purchasing other items of this the same brand.  I highly recommend this dress.


Gorgeous and elegant.


Love love love this dress!! I've received so many compliments and was able to use it for my engagement photos and they turned out beautifully! I got it in a 1X and it worked well. I also took the advice of others and got it dry cleaned to get the wrinkles out and put a black petticoat underneath to add a little umph. Super happy with my purchase and it's a great quality!!


This dress makes me feel like a million bucks! I bought it to wear to a friend's winter wedding. I am beyond pleased with the quality of the material and the shape of this dress. I ordered the bright blue. The tag says this is bright blue, but it looks navy to me. I'm okay with that because I wasn't sure which to order in the first place. I'm 5'7" and 130 lbs and ordered a small. It fits perfectly and hits just at the top of my knee. I just need to steam the wrinkles out and I'll be good to go!


I originally ordered the xxl but it was big on top so I ordered an XL I wear a dress size between 10-14 depending on style and the xxl was too big in arms and back, the chest area was slightly big, the XL fit well in bust area as product is stretchy. I'm curvy as well. However I would use their size chart just in case.


Looooooove this dress. Fits my 5'7 1/2", 158 lbs just right in Medium. Most reviews about fit is spot on. First time to buy a dress in Amazon and Missmay, and will definitely buy again because of this great experience!


Beautiful dress, lots of compliments. Looks great in pictures. I did not need an undergarment, plenty poofy for me. Only iron on low low setting.  I have a larger hour glass figure and it is cut the right way for everything to be flattering. Beautiful in pictures. Surprisingly good quality for the price. Lace is beautiful too!


I had to order 2 sizes larger than usual but don't let a stupid letter or number deter you from wearing something you want.


This dress is even better in person.  I will update with pictures tomorrow as I'm wearing it to an event.  It's cute.  It will go great with a pair of heels.


The lace top has a built in cami underneath.  The skirt portion is a thick and firm material.  It's not a flowy dress if that's what you hope for.


Wear this to work,  church,  or to dinner.  It's a great little number I received at a discounted price in exchange for a fair and honest review.


Wow...just received this dress today.  I'm very impressed.  The material and quality is perfect for a New Year's eve party.  I'm  6'2 and wear a size 10 in women and a size 11/13 in juniors.  I ordered the XL based on their size chart.  Honestly, I should of just ordered a L, which is what I normally wear.  It's a bit loose but I'm keeping it and taking it to my tailor for some quick alterations.  Also, as I stated I'm 6'2 and I found the dress to be too long for my taste.  It hits a little below my knees.  I rather it be shorter.  That's what a tailor is for :)  Other than that, I really love this dress.  Will definitely order more in my normal size.


