Bought this dress for my drummer for the bands performance at a Black Tie Event (all female band) and it just works. The style allows her to drum freely but she looks great in it as well. Looks much more expensive than the cost!


Lovvvvvvve it !!!!! Beautiful dress and fits very well. I bought a petticoat to go under it to give it more umph.... I am 5'1 192lbs 38F cup and I bought a XL and it fits perfectly. The fabric is a little different than I expected but other then that I am not disappointed. It does have a zipper on the back for future buyers if you're concerned at all. Which when I received it today and noticed it I was a little bummed because in the past I've always had issues with zippers on the back of dress. But I was able to slip it on over my head without having to unzip it so WIN!!!! Lol


I am pleasantly surprised by this dress.  Having ordered more clothing of questionable quality than I care to remember, I can tell you this piece is worth every penny.  It is constructed better and more importantly FITS the body better than most dresses from China.  If you are "hippy" or have more tummy than you wish- this dress disguises it well.  It actually fits me the way it does the model, and I am 5' 2" and 135lbs, not a model!  The material of the skirt and collar is slightly stretchy and slightly stiff- but don't let that scare you, it's just enough to keep the shape of the flare in the skirt.  That's a good thing.  Once ironed it looks great.  I put a little starch in mine to make it more crisp.  The top is soft and the lace is stretchy but not baggy.


So often these housewife dresses look really sweet on the rack but SUCK to wear in real-life- too tight here and pinchy there, requiring us to suck it all in, all the time.  This dress does not feel like that.  This dress lets you look great AND enjoy the party at the same time.


You can't ask a dress for any more than that!  Buy it.


Beautiful, and very comfortable, I got a 2xl,


Bust 46 waist 41, it has a little stretch to it.


Hope that helps


Beautiful and comfortable! Love it!


So comfortable and flattering. The lace is delicate, so you can't be too rough on it, but that's just how lace works.


REALLY love it.


This dress is gorgeous!! I originally ordered an extra large because the reviews scared me a little, but it was too big so I ordered a large. I wore this for my husbands 40th birthday party and I got so many compliments all night long! I am 5'9 and about 40 pounds overweight. This dress fell just at my knee with a petticoat underneath it. The fabric feels like good quality!  I wish they had it in many more colors. It does arrive wrinkled so be prepared


I am 5'7" 141lbs. Long legs. Ordered two sizes in different colors. Small fits but the waist sets so high and makes the dress look short. Not my kinda thing so I went with the size larger, which fits better length wise. If I had a better dress I Would have returned this one.. It is so wrinkled and can't  get the pleats to line up.. No care instructions on the dress.. I found the instructions on the price tag on the other dress.. Still not understandable. I can't imagine doing this much ironing every time I want to wear the dress '. The medium is very flattering though. The Arms fit fine on both sizes. Dress is heavy but not too hot because upper potion is seethrough lace.. You need a solid color bra. The inner tank top is so little.


Fantastic for the price. I bought it for an evening awards dinner. I got a ton of compliments. The material is a little stiff and prone to wrinkling. The pleats in the skirt make it lay a little funny. But it's a great dress and you definitely can't beat it for the price. I'm very happy with it. I've bought several cheap dresses lately from Amazon because of the price and ease of return with Amazon. If you're considering buying one of the myriad cheap dresses for sale on Amazon, check out customer images first.


So let me start by saying that I absolutely love this dress... I hate the occasion that I purchased it for (funeral) but this is a beautiful dress... At first I was hesitant to purchase this to wear to a funeral due to the lace but once I received the "it's fine" from other friends then I went for it...


The dress did come a day later so I had no time to get it altered or steamed.  I will wear a tighter belt to hold it in.  The dress runs big...I ordered a large and could've gotten a medium.  I'm 5'6 and curvy and I still had plenty of room.


Great quality and does not look like its only $35... This is perfect.


