Love this dress. I got so many compliments. Fits well. Though I could have probably been ok with an xs, but since I have muscular arms, the sleeves would have been too tight. Small worked just fine. Good material. Shocked people when I say it's from amazon.


This dress is adorable!  I went with the size chart and ordered a medium, I'm 5'4" and 155lb a size 8/10, small on top and hippy :), the full skirt is very flattering and the top fit perfect.  The only reason I would give this 4 stars is because the button cuff on the sleeves is so tight that I will have to take it to be altered and hope we can be creative enough to find a way to extend the cuff.  The only way I could get the cuff to button was to pull the sleeve, which is slightly stretchy, down on my forearm as far as possible but was then unable to pull the sleeve up to sit where it should.  The material of the cuff is not at all stretchy.  I don't mind taking the dress to be altered because the cost of the dress was so inexpensive and I normally have to have cocktail dressed altered anyway.


The Intex Excursion 5.5  rubber raft was no good!  It did not hold  air and became soft within just a short time of putting it in the water.  This was a bit disappointing.  I'm looking for a repair kit but first have to identify where the air leak is in this new raft.  Otherwise, I will just have to toss the item away.


This dress is as adorable in person as it is in the pics! I got SO many compliments when I wore it to a work event I was hosting and it was actually really comfortable, considering I was running around all night (definitely more comfortable than my shoes! lol) The length was a little long so I had four inches taken off and probably could have gone five or six to make a true cocktail dress. The bust area was also a little tight but once I had my Spanx on, it laid pretty well and I didn't need to sew the gap shut. Overall, I was impressed with the make and design, as well as the materials themselves. The skirt is a little prone to wrinkling; have the dry cleaners starch and press it and you'll be good to go. I'm definitely happy I made this purchase, especially at such a great price!


My husband originally ordered a large for me because I was going by the measurements on the size chart. When I tried on the large it was very big on me. He decided to return it and ordered a medium. It fits perfectly. I am 4'11" and 135lbs. I figured the small would be way too tight and i am glad I went with the medium.


I got a xxl because of other reviews. I wear size 16 in pants. Loved this dress. Its super comfortable. Only thing is a little tight in arms but the lace is stretchy but i cant button my buttons up. I am a 42DD.  But i will pair a black black tank underneath so its appropiate to be a guest at the wedding. Hides my problem area my tummy and it hits at the knee i am 5*7 . this will be perfect for 59 degree eveing wedding . oh it is wrinkly im going to keep it hanginf but take to the cleaners to steam out and keep it hung before the event.


I recieved this yesterday and was very worried about fit issues. I wear a size 20/22 in dresses and am always worried wehn I buy stuff online. I have to say I was very plesantly surprised when I tired this dress on. It fit great and was very flattering! Made my arms look great. I like dresses to be longer than my knees and this one came just to the middle of my knees, which I was kind of sad about. Unfortuantely, I was looking for a royal blue color for a specific event and this "bright blue" color doesn't exactly meet that. It was closer to a navy blue. I have to return it, but will probably be back soon buy the dress in a different color.


I loved this dress. It has nice, quality material. It was heavier than I expected when I tried it on. I loved the style and it was gorgeous right out of the box. It was definitely true to size. Not too small or large. I would recommend a petticoat underneath because the skirt is accented nicely with one, but it's not necessary. Definitely give it a good, low heat ironing. The photo I am posting is with a petticoat on, just right out of the packaging. I could have ironed it for the photo… but I decided to be lazy.


I ordered blue and got black!  I ordered it very close to my event. The dress is beautiful but the wrong color. I have no choice but to wear it. Would have preferred the color I wanted.


I just love this dress!!!! I need it a dress for my friend weeding and this was a great choice. I had a lot of complements and everyone love it... is so comfortable and fits perfect. I'm 5.2 and weight 150


