This dress is amazing for the price. I love it! I really wish they had it in more colors!


Love love love this dress! - I am 5' 5", 120 lbs, 27" waist, 37" hips. Size Small fits perfectly! Wonderful quality fabric and workmanship. I get lots of compliments on this dress! I would not hesitate to buy this brand again.


The material was extremely stiff and the lace was scratchy.  I returned it the same day.


I love this dress! I bought it in the Navy and was pleased with how it looks. It has a zipper in the middle of the back for easy dressing and buttons down the front. The lace and the skirt fabric are both stretchy for a good fit.


Ok ladies I just got the item and I gotta admit that as a busty gal (and I'm talking DDD) I had my doubts. I was seriously concerned I wouldn't get the dress over my head, much less button. So much to my surprise the XXL fit just fine. It actually buttoned and hugged my curves just right! Totally worth it.


This is my new favorite dress! And I have A LOT of dresses!  It fits perfectly and is very flattering. I got a lot of compliments when I wore it. Just wish it came in more colors. I'd buy them all!


I like the dress it's pretty but it was so wrinkled upon arrival and one tag says mashine wash another tag says don't machine wash. Ended up washing it and hanging it to dry it is okay now but a pain to maintain.


I was really hoping this dress was longer because reviewers taller than me had said it was below their knees or even longer.  I'm 5'3" and the bottom of my knee is showing.  I returned for a larger size hoping for more length, but it was the same so I kept my original dress.  I might dye a petticoat I have black that's about an inch longer than the dress and let it show a little bit for that extra inch.  None of the above is on the company.  This dress is very well made for the price, I was surprised at the quality, it's a good weight, not flimsy, skirt hangs well and the XL I ordered is a totally perfect fit and I love the style, I'm always looking for 50's style dresses with sleeves and this is great.  Normally I wouldn't wear any stockings like if this dress were mid calf like others I have, but I will with this length to hide my awful bottom knee, ha, ha,  I'll need something between opaque (too heavy) and sheer (too light).  Overall, the dress itself is great, my legs are the problem, ha, ha.  I would definitely order from this company again.  I ordered an XL, I'm not busty, 38B with a waist of 33 and hips 43.  I would like to add I didn't do an exchange on this dress, just ordered the two sizes separately so I could compare the two sizes.  I got my money back very fast for the one I returned and shipping was very fast as well.  First thing I ever returned through Amazon and it was a breeze.


I am normally a large.  I am 5'6, 38D.  I ordered this dress in two sizes to see which one fit, and the XL was the one that fit perfectly.  Hope my measurements help with their sizing questions.  It's a very cute dress, I absolutely love it.


Super cute, fits great, very comfortable, and classy. Only one Issues,  it can easily wrinkle. Also,  I usually wear a medium, but used the size guide ans chose to get a small and it fits great!


