Gorgeous dress. I got it for my graduation and when I tried it on my husband said I looked beautiful in it. The quality is phenomenal and the dress is very well made. I'm 5'4, 220lbs, very curvy with a smaller waist and larger hips and butt and got a 2x. Perfect fit. Its sexy but also conservative and that's the look I was going for.


LOVED this dress in every way and received so many compliments on it! 5'9",size 12 and I ordered a Large.


Today I received compliments on the dress, I was very pleased with the dress will get another in a different color .


Love it! Definitely need a tank top underneath because the buttons pop open once in while.


Fit's great.  I usually wear a Med or Large.  Bought up because I wanted it to be really loose.  I loved it some much I bought it in brown too.


Sorry to say that the dresses were tight, and I had to send them back the very next day, the blue one was beautiful but too snug. I  wear a size 10  in misses size.  They must run small. Thank you.


I wore this dress to a wedding and got SO many compliments on it.... however... the skirt is more of a "cruchy" material and this dress wasn't packed very well SO needless to say I had to have it pressed before it could be worn anywhere. For the price though this was a great dress, I will probably be wearing it again to another wedding! The sizing is a little off... I needed to even size up one more but it still worked...


I purchased this for a work Gala that I am in charge of annually.  Very comfortable, flattering and received so many compliments!  It did arrive very wrinkled so I took to cleaners and had it pressed.  I purchased a fluffy slip to go underneath and some cute black and white striped shoes.  Great purchase and I felt pretty when wearing it.


This is a really quality dress that's a beauty! Unfortunately it didn't work for me. I ordered a Medium and it was a bit too small in the bust, leaving a gap so I couldn't wear it. I'm 5'7, 135 lbs, 37 bust, 30 waist, 39 hip. A large would have been too big elsewhere. The return process was incredibly easy but I was quite sad to put this gorgeous thing back in the bag for return! I was so impressed with the quality that I am going to look at the other dresses this vendor offers and try it again.


This dress is so pretty and flattering. I wear a size 16 and I ordered an XL. and the fit is great. Reading the reviews and seeing the pictures of the ladies in this fantastic dress convinced me this is a dress I have to have. It has stretch and it arrived very wrinkled so don't expect to wear it the same day it arrives.


