The dress is very stylish and I particularly like the lacey upper body and wide/high collar.  I do not like that the material has more  cotton in the fabric blend which will require me to iron out the wrinkles in the skirt frequently.  It is an attractive style of dress, but it does fit a bit snug for me (normally a medium is perfect in blouses and dresses).  I am still thinking I will have to return it.  Concerned that a large would be too big for my chest and waist area.


I love this dress!!! I wore it to two different semi-formal events and it was perfect. I received many compliments.


I have gained about 15 pounds since I purchased this and sadly, it is now too tight in the chest. I recently ordered a size up in the blue and it barely fit (and was too tight looking to be feel comfortable wearing). I gain my weight in my chest and stomach areas so I'm disappointed the new size didn't fit but I still highly recommend it.


For me it was a little right around the arms and bigger in the waist


Love Love Love this dress. It fit perfectly and looked great. The belt was pretty loose, so I cut off the buckle and did a little fixing but I am very happy overall.


This dress is amazing. it's beautiful and flattering, and work appropriate. in addition to being unbelievably affordable, it's also survived 2 normal washes in my washing machine and hasn't worn or had any sort of damage whatsoever. my only complaint is that the seller doesn't have too many other styles in my size! highly recommend this one!


I took a chance on this dress for a special event. I haven't had much luck with clothes from Amazon so I was holding my breath. It arrived, I put it on and felt wonderful! The dress is structured and comfortable. I love the classic look. I will be able to wear this again.


I think my dress came without part of the top? The entire top half of the dress (above the waist) was made of the sheer lace material. I couldn't wear the dress without wearing some form of shirt under it, which was not very comfortable. I got rid of it because it was super impractical.


Love this dress! I received so many compliments on it. It fit great. I added a petticoat to it to give it some more poof. It does add some extra to the butt, so be aware of that. I gave it 4 stars because my first order came with a dress that had two right sleeves. I imagine the quality of the dress could vary because of this. The replacement was fine. It fits true to size for my body type. I tend to wear a small or medium and small worked for me - girls with more on top might want to size up.


I am 5'9" 145lbs and 34DDD and I ordered the Medium. It fits perfectly! I'm going to wear it to a holiday party. The only downside was that it came incredibly wrinkled. Because of the pleating it is hard to iron when you can't figure out where the pleats are supposed to fold! I pulled out my iron and did my best. I think the material is very prone to wrinkles so if you don't like ironing I'd be careful ordering.


Loved the dress. I am in between a 20-22, but decided to order a 3xl. Was pretty close to perfect. It flattered my big figure. I did wear shorts underneath due to I have bad habit of picking up stuff and when bend, my dresses tend to rise in back. The arms are a little tight if you have a wider arm or hanging skin. Loved the dress. Wore it to Quince Anos event, got alot of compliments. I danced in it all night. It's material does stretch with your movement.


