Really comfortable dress, love it. Wrinkles. Winter weight. Buy 1 size up for perfect fit.


Great dress! Very comfortable. I got a lot of compliments while wearing it. Only warning: use a LOW setting to iron it. I tried the steam setting and burned a small section of the dress.


This dress is GORGEOUS. I was expecting cheap, light material but the bottom is heavy and thick. The top is just gorgeous. I'm so pleased with this dress and am definitely going to order from this company again!!!


I'm 5'3' and 140lbs - I ordered the large and it fits perfect, the material is a little stretchy. It also came with an extra button, which I appreciate. Just a pictured - the front buttons are not for entering/exiting the dress - there's a zipper in the back. The waist sits above the natural waist which helps hide any tummy, hips and butt issues. Very fun and flirty with the built in camisole. Great for the office, party or dinner.


Beautiful dress. Strong, stretchy material with bold color. I am 5'4" 135 and I should have ordered a small. I ordered the medium and had to exchange it because it was too baggy. This dress seems to be true to size. Very good purchase .


Could not have enjoyed wearing this beautiful dress any more than I did. I received so many, compliments and the dress was so comfortable to wear. I know already what I will wear for New Years Eve. Thank you


I love this dress. I have gained some weight and nothing fits right. This dress has some stretch to it which makes it so comfortable and elegant.  I am probably a size 12/14 and the XL was perfect. Not too tight on the arms.  Really nice quality too. Nice heavy material.


Dress is really nice. I'm 5 feet 3 inches 145 pounds, with a very small waist, but hips and big rear end, and the dress fit perfect. I didn't need anything to make it puff out any more because my read end did the job. Dress was very flattering. I received alot of compliments, and no one believed I order this dress from Amazon.


This dress can be worn for many occasions. It fit great and I really liked the belt. Needs to be ironed. Make sure to iron on a low setting since it's synthetic.


this is really amazing, I bought it for my wife and she is loving it... this is one of the dress she wore in 2 parties back to back (Imagine a women does that). Just kidding but this looks really awesome on her


