This dress was slightly large on me, but it was hardly noticeable. I'm 5' 2'' and weigh 220lbs, and I got the 2x. This is, absolutely, the most comfortable article of clothing I've ever worn outside of sweatpants. It's amazing. It fits so easily, not pulling at any particular part of my body, and it looks great. I wore it to a wedding and I got complimented on it by almost everyone, including the bride. This has been the best online purchase I've ever made.


This dress is outstanding! The material is wonderful and I feel like I got this dress for a real steal! I'm 5'3, 220lbs and usually wear a 18W in dresses. I bought the 2xl, and it fits sooo comfortably! I'm looking to buy another dress from this seller NOW! Thank you!


GORGEOUS DRESS!! Bought it for a funeral and received many compliments on it.  Little warm to wear during the summer but gives a curvy gal a wonderful shape.  Lace isn't scratchy and it stretches well.  HIGHLY recommend.


I really like this dress! Material is a bit weird, sorta stiff but still lovely.


beautiful dress, great quality fits perfect. Ordered an xxl-arge usually wear size 18 and 38c bust and firs perfect


Wonderful dress. I had to hem it but fits nice. I am short and the waist was perfect. Skirt hides or camouflages stomach and top fits perfect.


Great item for the price, I usually where a size 12-14 and I ordered the XL.  My bust is pretty large so I don't think the L would have worked for me but if you are not top heavy and wear a 12-14 you could probably do the Lrg.  Material has a good stretch and color was as pictured.  Worked great for me!


I love this Dress! The fit is perfect and the lace sleeves did a great job of uh ... holding in the arm jiggle. I received so many compliments on the dress and am happy I took the risk of ordering online as it was well worth it!


Love love this dress, love the stretch of the material, dress is beautiful just as all the reviews said, fits perfect , bought two more from this seller, all were great.


I received a lot of complements wearing this dress and the size was perfect.


