Really like this dress. The color bright blue is so pretty. I ordered both L and XL and they were too small. I wear a 16W in most jeans and slacks and Large in tops. Reordered next 2 larger sizes and hoping one of them will fit. Want to wear to a September wedding and Christmas party. Returning was easy and my refund was fast and in full no return charges added.


For the record I am a CD. But none the less I love this dress!  It's beautiful and fabric is very nice. I'm 6'1 and 185 and kind of a "zipper figure". I got the large but probably should have gotten and XL. The only reason I say that is because I where 38B bras with breast forms. They looked great but pulled slightly at the buttons at the chest. Not real bad, but enough. So any larger and it wouldn't look good. Hope it helps. I look forward to wearing it out soon.


I really love this dress! Based on reviews I wasn't sure if I should go for a small or medium (I'm 5'3" and 140) so I went with a medium to be safe. I should have done a small, but I still love the dress and have received many compliments. It is long, past my knees, but I wear it to work so it's not an issue. Would buy again (in a different size)


The upper part of the dress is very soft but the lower part is thick and kind of hard with ironing, i need also to shorten it, my length is 150 cm , i ordered XL .


I ordered the dress to wear to the Nurcracker with my family and it was a huge success!!! I ordered a small and I am 5' 3", 149 lbs, 34B, with an athletic build.


Oh my gosh, i cant say enough good things about this dress! I just absolutely love it! Fit perfectly, very durable fabric and lots of compliments. I dont wear dresses often, so this is big for me. LOVE it!


Beautiful dress and great quality! I'm 5 feet 8 1/2 inches 165 lbs. I've always had problems with clothing fitting my bigger bust. After reading other reviews I decided to buy a medium. I'm very happy with my choice and can say that I feel it would even accommodate me if I were 15 lbs heavier. The material is very stretchy. I wore it to a company party and got tons of compliments.


It looks better on the model than on me. I am a true 4 and the small is too tight. Very long on me since I am only 5'. I don't really like the material. Returned.


I am glad I did the research on a dress.  It fits great and I feel wonderful every time I put it on.  I am 5"3" and 170lbs.  I bought a large and it fits me extremely well.  I have a hard time finding a dress that fits me.  Its made of quality material and I only had to wash it in cold water and hang it up to get wrinkles out.  Just wish it came in more colors..


I ordered the 3X. I am pretty busty (40/42 i/j) so it is a bit snug through the chest. I am a 16 waist and the rest of the dress fits very comfortably. Pretty well made. Came a lot quicker than expected! It arived very wrinkled so I will have it pressed. So cute well worth it!! Very very pretty dress and such a great value!


