This is one of the prettiest dresses I've ever owned!! I was pleasantly surprised at how good the quality is for the price. The lace is not flimsy and the rest of the dress has thickness and weight to it. Both have a bit of stretch. It's also very comfortable! I just can't stop raving about this dress! DEFINITELY A GREAT BUY!!!


Update: I originally ordered a L but had to return. I re-ordered a Medium and it's a better fit for me. I am 5'3 in height, weighing 150-152lbs. The hem falls a couple inches below my knees. Love this dress!


This dress is beautiful and was a great find for wearing to a wedding. The lace is nice and makes it more formal. The skirt and collar fabric is a bit stretch and not satiny, and the skirt was really wrinkled upon arrival. It was a little hard to take the wrinkles out. Overall, a cute dress for a great price! If you have a bigger bust/back you may need to go up a size or use safety pins to ensure closure.


LOVE this dress! It is beautiful, comfortable, and classy. Being a 5'11" woman, it's hard to find dresses that are proportionate. That being said, I wish it was a few inches longer (but that's just me nitpicking). Overall, great purchase!


My partner bought me this for a Christmas gift, it is gorgeous on! The picture doesn't quite match, it shows the front buckle as being silver/brushed nickel in color and it is in fact gold. It was a little big in the XL which is my size, but comfortably so, and it looked amazing when I wore it to a New Years Eve party with some nude stilettos. I got about a hundred compliments and now I see that this dress comes in blue and I need it!


I wish I had ordered a large instead of a medium.  I am 5'4" and am usually a size 10-12.  Medium is really too small to wear comfortably for me.  I am more of an athletic build and ordered the medium based on reviews but wish I would have sent it back in time to reorder a large.  The dress is well made though so I gave it 4 stars.  Now I have to lose about 10 lbs in order to wear this dress and look nice in it.  This fits more like a true size


8-10 rather than a 10-12.


I am 5"6, 180lb, 36c/d with hourglass figure, usual size 12-14. Large fit perfect although top breast area did pull at the buttons but not enough to be noticeable. Wire to a church event and received so many compliments. Originally ordered petticoat as well but too much poof for my taste, already very full without!


Beautiful Dress .....true to size. I wear a 9/10 ordered a large and it fit perfectly.


The dress arrived very quickly. However, when I tried it on I was not happy with it. The torso fit was all wrong. The belt hit about 5 inches above my belly button which doesn't look right, if going by the picture. Instead of being flattering it poofed out making my stomach and butt look much larger than they were. Super disappointed after reading all of the good reviews.


Surprisingly really nice. I totally expected my arms to not fit in the lace, etc...but it fits really well and is super comfortable. The skirt is a little papery-feeling but overall it's a nice and comfortable dress. I usually wear a size 10-12, I got an XL. The lace stretches. I'm a 32H, the front has hidden buttons so you can hide or show off however much you want...and it fits over my chest. The collar can be popped or lay flat. I'm really impressed with this purchase, I'm glad I got it. I'll be pairing it with a thin red waist belt (the belt on it can easily be hidden under a different one, or just cut off...it's decorative only) and red pumps for a fundraiser event I usually wear expensive cocktail dresses to...nobody will notice it's so inexpensive.


The dress is beautiful and it does have some stretch as other people mention.  The top half looked stunning when I tried it on.  Unfortunately the skirt was cut wrong so there is a u shaped lift in the front that is definitely not meant to b there.  I rechecked other pics people who were happy posted and it is straight across the bottom, unlike the 1 I received.  The flaw is very obvious while on unfortunately. Super disappointed bc it is otherwise stunning & great fabric.


