I used the size chart and it fit well. I received non stop compliments. I paired it with a shoulder necklace that went perfectly with it. i wish i had more places to wear it


Amazing dress. Easy tracking capability. Very elegant. I'm not that full around my chest area, so alterations will be needed for that. Overall, super satisfied!


i wish there was a little more tulle at the bottom but regardless its stunning. ordered my mom a size up to be safe and it fit perfect


I normally wear a small and needed a medium. I purchased both sizes and was unable to return it. I weigh 135lbs. Therefore if you are smaller than that I have an unworn small for sell.


I got this for my mom to wear to her 60th bday party. She loves it! She wears size 14 and we got the large, it fits perfectly! It's exactly as shown in the pic, nice, full and flowing. She loves it!!!


(It ships from China so be sure to order waaayyy in advance)


The dress looks great. Sequins fall off pretty easy though. I'm 5'1, 130lbs, bust 32ddd The dress is long on me and is a bit large all over. With that said the ties in the back help but alternations will make it perfect. Overall very pleased.


I wear a size 12 im a medium with shirts/blouses my pants size is a large. Great dress at such a low price


I ordered an XL just to be safe. It was larger than I expected but I made it work. The gown is beautiful. My only problem was the sequin irritating my arm. It didn't come with a sash as others said theirs did. I am happy with my purchase.


BEST online purchase ever! I LOVE this dress! I was a little worried about it shipping from China, but it was delivered sooner than expected. It's exactly like the pictures, fits perfectly, and very well made. I got it for a 20s theme party and had tons of compliments, I felt like a movie star! This dress is beautiful and doesn't look like a cheap costume, I will definitely rock it to our next military ball! BUY THIS DRESS, you won't be disappointed.


I would give more starts if I could based on their excellent customer service!  I bought a large but it fit too big so they sent me a medium in time for my event. You pay for a very good quality dress. It looks so much more beautiful in person! The dress is padded so you can wear without a bra if you'd like. They give you plastic transparent straps if you need a little more support. I didn't need them. The corset was enough support for me.


