Beautiful dress. It was slightly smaller than I expected but it worked. Only issue I had is the sequence at the top of the dress in the under arm area left my arms and torso in that area raw, and I wasn’t even dancing. Just walking around.


Otherwise though, no one could believe that I got it for $50 on amazon.


You will need someone to help you dress in it though, the fabric behind the laces is a little weird and the laceing string is a little bit short


Beautiful dress with intricate beading, and you can't beat the price! I'm 5'7" 165lbs so I ordered a large based on the sizing chart and review, and unfortunately it was too big. Customer service of the company was amazing though, and refunded me with no problems. Would definitely buy from this company again just based on customer service alone.


I wore this gown to a charity ball, and received a number of compliments. I'm 5'5 130lbs and ordered a small. What is great about this dress is that there is a corset back that laces up, which gives you the opportunity to make it tighter or looser so you can have a more custom fit. The top has cups sewn in, but I wore a strapless bra (plus Spanx underneath to keep it all tight). Terrific deal for the quality of the dress.


Gorgeous dress!!! Very beautiful in person, and seemed to be well made/nice quality. Would be lovely for a prom, special event, or even a costume. I ordered the wrong size thinking they would run small (they're actually pretty true to size), and the sequins did irritate my arms (sensitive skin), but Angel-fashions has amazing customer service. When I contacted them to request a return, they immediately refunded my order in full and told me to keep the dresses for free or donate them to a local store, and they also indicated that they would be working on the sequins to improve their comfort. Very impressive level of service, interest in customer satisfaction, and attention to quality!! I would definitely order from them in the future and recommend them to others.


Surprising price for how beautiful this dress is!! I saw this breath taking dress when looking for other items for my wedding. I did not anticipate buying a dress online, I hadn't even gone shopping for a wedding dress yet but I was sold on all the pictures people posted in the reviews and decided to give it a shot. How can you go wrong w a $50 wedding dress lol. I thought worse case scenario it doesn't look as good as the picture and I would have just returned it. I was so happy when it arrived. I tried it on and it is made for an hour glass figure, thank God!  I can't believe I didn't try on a single wedding dress and found the one! I ordered it big thinking I'd take it to a tailor to get fitted. I could have ordered my correct size and it would of been perfect as is. I think getting a wedding dress tailored is probably a good decision no matter the dress. For those purchasing a dress for any other occasion don't worry about the fit, it won't need to be tailored. Definitely a dress for an hour glass figure which can be hard to find!


The dress was beautiful, but for my measurements it's was too big under the bust and too tight on the hips (thank you winter weight...). Otherwise I loved it and would recommend. It was purchased for a 1920s Hollywood glam event.  The seller was helpful, offered a full refund or a partial refund + keeping the dress.  It also arrived promptly (a week and a half before expected date).


Beauitful dress, fully lined and very well made! Ran a little bigger than expected, but the corset back makes the dress very adjustable! Perfect for my daughters 20's theme prom!! She adores this dress.


It is really sewn well, and the embroidery down well. It looks like an expensive Valentino dress. You can easily hem the bottom mesh as it is cut and not sewn,


Great for the price. I am 5 foot 2 inches and it is quite too long for me. I will have to get it shortened but other then that it is very beautiful and fits well.


I ordered the dress for a great gatsby party and it was a hit. It arrived quickly and looked just like the photos. My only complaint for this dress is the the sequins rub against your arms causing discomfort/pain. Aside from that, the dress is a steal.


This dress is absolutely stunning! I purchased it for our Mardi Gras ball and received TONS of compliments. It fit perfectly and was very comfortable. I admit, I was a little worried about buying a dress without trying it on, but the sizing chart is on point. Don't wait, order this dress. You won't be disappointed.


