Amazing dress for the price.  It's perfect for what I need.  The sequins as they are small are scratchy so just make sure to wear a wrap to cover the undersides of your arms. The lace up back makes it snug and it looks way more expensive than what you paid for it.  There is a nice not sheer at all under slip and lightly padded cups so no need for a bra if you are able to go that way. Super excited to wear it!


Can't beat the price, the fit & the detail in style. Looking forward to actually wearing it!


I'm so in love with this dress. I highly recommend it. The sequin work is remarkable and the inside lining is so  comfortable. Please get this dress! I'm overjoyed I purchased, made the idea of prom more affordable. The dress looks more expensive than it actually is. Great quality


The dress is absolutely gorgeous. I ordered a size medium and my measurements are 34-29-40. I ordered a size up because I was scared of it being too tight on the bottom half, it ended up fitting perfect on the bottom but very loose on the top. It still looks nice but you can't really see the corset part when I wear it =(


Fabric was super cheap but the sequins were nice. Size large was still not big enough for 32g.


I ordered a XLarge, it was too small in the waist, even with a waist trainer on.  My normal size is a 14-16.  I loved the color and the bling but, it was just too small.


This dress is amazing !!!I love the way it fits with the right heels I don't have to have it altered. I'm 5'1 and 170 lbs I order a large, because I am very curve.


I'm really excited to wear this for my date. It arrived on time and it fits great! It is true to size. I weight 135 and I'm 5'5 and I got the small. I usually am somewhere between a medium and a small. It's a little tight and I should have gone with a medium for a little more room but the small fits just fine.


It looks beautiful in pictures, but WOW it's gorgeous in real life. I have a costume closet at home that I assumed this would go in, but no way- this is a gown I would wear to any formal occasion. Not to toot my own horn, but I looked stunning in it. I wish I took pictures!!!


This is a beautiful gown. Wow! A young lady who just turned 16 picked it out of all the other sparkly gowns on Amazon and boy did she choose well. It looks just as the pic and fits exactly how we expected. Couldn't be happier


