Beautiful dress, it looks exactly like the photo.  I was a little disappointed with the land, I am 5'6and it barely brushed my foot so it's really not that long otherwise I have no complaints it was beautiful


Very pretty dress and the sequins look great, unfortunately still too big for me. Not that it isn't true to size, it's just not made for petite people. The torso was way too long and ended bunching around the waist. Pictured is the back view, tightened to the max and still a little loose on me.


This dress is the bomb!  Fits like a glove!  I'm a size 4 and I purchased a size small.  Shoes are great too!


This dress is BEAUTIFUL!!!! It fit the model really well so thankfully I didn't have to make any alterations. Only tiny issue was it's a little short. The model was 5'7" and without shoes it was the perfect length, with shoes it was a little too short. Other than that it is perfect.


It was very fast shipping but I paid the 2 days I ordered Friday it came monday. The quality is perfect just like the picture!!I would recommend it to friends!!


I first ordered a xxl but then wasn't sure about this dress for the occasion. Cancelled and within a few hours I knew I needed this dress, ordered in a xl  and was glad because it had a little room. Dress was gorgeous! I got so many compliments! Only gave it 4 stars because sequins will scratch up your arms on the sides of dress which will happen with any dress with sequins. Did come with small sheer shawl which I wrapped and tied around my arms so I could enjoy dancing all night.


Just received my dress (as promised, ordered Sunday, received Wednesday) and couldn't wait to try it on. It is a little loose at the breast, but many reviews noted so, therefore I have no problem with that. I'll get it taken in a little. The length is perfect (tried on with heels that I'll most likely wear). Only thing, mine didn't have a scarf as many buyers stated were in their packages (not mentioned by seller though). I will definitely order again from Angel Fashions.


I was honestly surprised that this fits as well as it does. Normally, ordering clothes online isn't this successful! Item was exactly as pictured/described, arrived quickly, and will look great with my Egyptian Halloween costume this year! The back lace-up part is really easy to adjust to exact bust or waist size differences which is convenient. It is a bit long for me (I'm 5'7), and I'm wearing flats with my costume. I'll probably need the hem taken in about 3-4 inches.


This dress is absolutely gorgeous and the customer service is beyond amazing. I bought this dress knowing that it would probably be big on me because I am very petite and sure enough it was quite long and a little big in the abdominal area but the bodice fit nicely. I had originally purchased this dress for prom and used the "buy with one-click" option which automatically selects standard shipping, but that was cutting it too close to my prom date. I contacted the seller and although the dress had already shipped they were able to intercept it, refund my money, and let me re-purchase the dress with expedited shipping. The dress came 3 days later and it was just as gorgeous as the picture. I am very pleased with the dress and the service! If you're ever in need of a Gatsby looking dress, this one is a 10/10 would recommend!


I ordered this dress for my friend's school dance on a Sunday and got it by Wednesday, which was perfect timing cause the dance was that Saturday. Absolutely loved the quality! Only thing that I didn't like was how the material under the tulle would scrunch up where the bodice of the dress is and I wasn't able to straighten it out, but other than that it was exactly what I expected.


