It's hard to find dresses with sequin on it online because a lot of times, they aren't what you expected. This dress did not disappoint!. It was beautiful and looks just like the pictures provided. I like that it has the adjustable string in the back so you can adjust it to your fit. It was a little long but I am short but wearing heels made it the perfect length. It also came in a durable bag so I could put it back in it after using. (H: 5'2, W: 120)


GORGEOUS & would be such a perfect fit style but I knew I was taking a chance due to being plus size but was crossing my fingers. This dress was exactly what u was lookimg for.  I am 5'6" 235lbs. 42D even though a tie back the XXL didn't have enough to cover back or look decent. Sadly I had to return. I almost kept for when I lost weight. I recently had kindey transplant amd gained weight after. I ASK THE SELLERS PLEASE MAKE 3XL & 4XL SIZES CUZ ALL YOUR DRESSES ARE AMAZING AND BEAUTIFUL


I didn't really like it. The mesh at the bottom is really thick and looks cheap. It's a bit heavy and it fits small, you definitely need two people to put this dress on. The top part of the dress and under the armpits is itchy. I returned it because it was uncomfortable and it fit way too small. I got a size 7 I think, I usually wear size 7, the length wasn't too bad, I'm 5'4 and it did fit long, but I'm sure it would've been fine with heels. The mesh at the bottom was wrinkled, I wasn't sure how you could iron it. I figured if I tried I'd probably burn it off. I was issued a full refund with no problem, that is why I'm rating a 3.


Gorgeous dress!  I'm 5'10" with 34 bust, 28 waist, and 40 at the widest part of my hips/butt for measurements. I ordered the small and it was a bit too tight over my hips but the rest fit perfectly so I emailed about it and they sent out a medium within two days.  It fit perfectly around my hips/butt, but was a bit loose on top.  I had the corset as tight as possible and had a wear a padded bra to fill it out enough. If I wear it again I will get it taken in around the top so it fits a bit better.  Also, the length was perfect with flats- would have been too short with heels.  I was very impressed how nice the dress looked for $39!  I wore it to a 20s themed wedding and received compliments all night :)


This dress is absolutely amazing. I'm 5'8" 230 and I purchase the XXL. It's true to color and the length was perfect. It does scratch the inner part of the arm but overall I would highly recommend this dress. The corset helps a little and they came with clear straps buy I recommend purchasing your own clear straps. I had to reattach the strap often.


It is a beautiful dress for the price. I love the shiny sequins! It fits well, a little smaller than I had anticipated but still good. My only complaint is that the sequins around the top get scratchy as you wear it. I had little red scratches. But for one night it was great!


I bought this dress for a 1920s Gatsby party.


Girl, let me tell you, I felt like a princess.


I got so many compliments, and no one could believe I found it on amazon.


This dress is a head turner.


(I accidentally got it a size small, but I admittedly did not measure myself. 5'4 180 lbs, got a medium.) Made it work though (;


It's hard to buy something off-the-shelf that fits you everywhere but this was close. Easy to wear. Needed some help tying the back but other than that it was perfect. Very classy looking.


The look of this dress is gorgeous online, but it has no structure and the material is stretchy. Out of all the dresses I have ordered online, I thought this would be one of the more stunning, but it really fell flat. Throughout the night I had to have someone tighten it because it would stretch and loosen, but the overall shape of the dress leaves something to be desired. About the same price point of all the dresses I have ordered and really felt the cheapest. Was very disappointed.


Beautiful dress with quality detailing.  We ordered an XL for someone wo usually wears a size 14/16... We were able to make it work, but order 2x larger than you think you might need.  Even with the corset back, it was snug. Was worn for 10 performances without suffering any wear and tear.  We added a shoulder strap for our actress comfort.  Lovely, lovely under lights.


