This dress is so amazing! My prom theme is 007, so I needed to look like a Bond girl. This dress was awesome. I was worried about the sizing because I am tall, 5'9, and D cup, and 144 lbs. I went with a small because tons of reviews said the back was laced so you could adjust. The dress is too short for heels on me, which is fine by me, and fits like a glove! My only suggestion is to make sure you have a strapless bra to go with this as there is padding, but if you're like me a little extra support couldn't hurt.


I am 5'9 athletic build 160, medium was too large and didn't reach the ground in small heels. It somewhat fit with the corset laces completely tightened (I am a 36B) but not at all how I hoped and the sequins where visible at a crooked pattern even the sweetheart shaped top was a lopsided angle, loose sequins in bag and on floor after trying on.


Overall the dress was pretty and the quality is about what I would have expect for the price. However, I personally could not wear this dress. The sequence are so rough that within 5 minutes of trying it on, I broke out in a hive-like rash all up the inside of my arms. It would have shredded my arms by the end of the night so I had to send it back.


I bought this dress for my daughter for her Junior prom, it is absolutely STUNNING! I ordered her a medium and wonder if a small would've worked just as well.


She is 5'6", athletic & curvy. I'll add a photo later, but this dress is worth it! We will buy her senior prom dress from this merchant next year, for sure!


My daughter says its soft and comfortable to wear and she feels "magical and beautiful!"


I paid for expedited shipping and ordered the dress on a Monday afternoon, it arrived on Wednesday morning!


Beautiful gown, excellent service!! We are very pleased with this dress!!


It came early and was beautiful. My daughter wore it to prom and it fit exactly like it said it would.  It was recommended to order the same as your shirt size to get the best fit!the dress has a corset back to it can be tightened or loosened to fit your body. It even comes with a sheer shaw like wrap and removable clear straps if you want to wear those! I would definitely recommend this dress to anyone and it wirks perfect for a 20s great gatsby theme!


I bought this dress for a gala and was very nervous about the size and length of the dress. I read through all if the reviews, so I had an idea of what to expect. I took a risk that I normally avoid by ordering my true size online. (Most of the time I order a size up, just to be safe) Not only did the dress arive amazingly fast, it looks exactly like the picture, and fits like a glove. There is not actual boning in the dress, and I am a busty woman, so imagine my surprise when I found the clear detached straps in with the dress. I know they are meant to be used for hanging the dress up, but they are the same kind of strap that you can buy for your bra. I can not rate this dress high enough. I know exactly where I am going the next time I need an affordable and stunning garment!


The dress is gorgeous! I wore it to a Gatsby themed New Years party and won best dressed. It is long however, I am 5' 6'' and wore 5 inch heels so it was perfect. The sequence can start to irritate in the armpit area after a night of dancing. I did not  like that the dress has a built in bra in a sense because the cups are hard and very structures so its not easy to manipulate. I loved the corset back of the dress as this helped with finding a good fit to accommodate the structured bust of the dress. Great dress at a great price!


Absolutely lovely. The corset back made it easy to adjust to my shape, and I was very impressed with the beading and the quality. SUCH a bargain for a dress this beautiful. I am 5ft 4in and with a fishtail petticoat, the length is perfect with a 3 inch heel.


Omg I loved it fits Perfect only advice I would give is get your Exact size i ordered a 2x because I have hips an Butt an I know how online clothes run small but it Runs true to size so u had it taking in a little but I was in love with the Dress it self


Bought this for my daughter, but it was much smaller than advertised and I didn’t realize it in the return time. Probably at least two sizes too small, and I measured her before ordering. Other than that it is a beautiful dress.


