I'm curvy and a size 8 and about average height. The bust fits perfectly, but the waist is too long and ends up bunched up a bit in my natural waist, and the hip is a little tight, so this seems cut for someone with more of a straight figure and a longer torso. Also, super awkward to get into by yourself thanks to the lace-up back. A side zipper could have solved so many issues.


Other than that, it's comfortable and looks perfect for my beauty queen costume.


This is a fun & snazzy dress for a terrific price! Naturally, there is quite a difference between this dress and a designer label gown. While the construction and materials are what I consider quite good for the price, this dress is not constructed to endure wear and tear like others we have paid [much] more for. Because of that, I am reviewing this dress based on the amazing price and fact that the Gatsby-ish style is one of my daughter's favorites. My daughter is 5'5" tall and wearing 3" pump style heels in the photos and the length is perfect. Taller girls could have an issue with this, so be sure to check the length measurements. The adjustable corsette back closure fits her perfectly without alteration, which I love for convenience more so than style. It is also much more forgiving! The pictures were taken without the typical body girdle, etc., so it is an even nicer fit than shown. Overall, the design is very pretty and the quality is good. I do recommend this dress for the price, and just in case that fluctuates I'll say the top dollar I would purchase the dress for is $150.00.


I was looking on what to wear in my wedding reception last May and my searched online lead me into this because it matches our motif which was Gold. At first, I was hesitant to order because I wasn't sure if small will fit me or not but the photos posted has been helpful because I saw that the back part was not buttoned. Upon receiving the item, I was very excited to try and asked my husband to tie it and I felt ecstatic! I told myself that it was perfect for my wedding reception. I received a lot of compliments how nice it was and even my family in the Philippines when I showed our wedding photos. It matches my wedding gown that I bought in Philippines.  Small size fits me very well and I highly recommend this product. Attached here is an image to show the front and back view of the gold sheath with a very smooth lining and an adjustable lace up back.


I bought 7 roaring 20s type dresses online. This was the best one! I ordered up a size. It fit nicely and the way the bottom is cut is very flattering. I got lots of compliments on the dress. I sewed on gold straps just to make myself more comfortable but it's not necessary. The sequins are a little sharp under the arms but not as bad as some other sequin tops I've had. Amazing for the price.


Beautiful dress! I was between sizes on the chart and went with the smaller one...that was a mistake :( It's great quality, but I'm just too big to wear it. I didn't return it though, because I am using it as motivation to get back in shape!


Make sure you take measurements and check the size chart, and if you're not sure go with the bigger size. It's so pretty, it will be worth it!


Gorgeous dress, I was looking for a gold gown and this was exactly what I was looking for, but the price scared me about the quality because generally You get what you pay for.  After trying on 10+ other dresses that cost hundreds more, this was absolutely the most beautiful, best-fitting dress, it does require some undergarments to give the upper part some support, but it is a stunning dress and I will be wearing it to my wedding!


I loved this dress . I was the maid of honor for wedding and I got to pick this dress . I loved the way it fit . The only thing I would change is the bra padding in the front . My boobs were too big for them and since the dress ties in the back I feel like it can do without the padding . Overall great fit


This dress was just what I expected. The quality was spectacular.I normally wear a large in dresses, so naturally thats the size I ordered in this dress.Fit was a little loose on me,but I made it work by cinching in the corset back. My only real complaint was the sequins under the armpit area, as they were quite uncomfortable and noticeably scratched my underarms. The sequin issue aside, overall the dress was a complete hit at the roaring '20s themed charity auction I attended.


Bought this for a black tie formal event. The theme was the roaring 20’s. The quality, deflivery time, and price was beyond my expectation. I bought the size large, abs I was also 4 months pregnant. Fit like a glove! I’m 5’0 150lbs. The dress was very long but I’m super short so any full length dress is a bit longer on me. Got so many compliments on my dress! I can’t express how much detail and elegance this dress has!


This dress looks exactly like the picture. It is absolutely beautiful. My only complaint would be the area under your arm gets very irritated from the sequins. It is very well made and a real showstopper. I ordered the XL and it fit perfectly.


