The price is great! This dress looks great and fancy in pictures, but it's not as fancy looking up close! It has a lot of space in the belly and breast areas though I am not small in either.lol..i wish I got a smaller size, but it's still really nice!!


The pattern was slightly crooked but it worked out for prom.


Beautiful dress! It fits perfectly for a 1920s theme party. The package actually arrived a day earlier than expected but we had already expedited another one because the event was being held earlier than we had first thought. We had an overall great experience with the service and the product. I still can't get over how lovely this dress looks!


Beautiful dress but it's short which I thought it might be, I am 6'0 and it's above my ankles. It's actually very nice for the price. I will keep it for another time and find one that's longer.


Bought this dress for my cousin. She wore it to a wedding, it was absolutely gorgeous. She got lots of compliment. The dress fits beautiful and just as expected per the size chart.


I was pretty bummed this didn't work out for me because it's definitely a very pretty dress and awesome quality for the price! I typically wear a 16 or 18, XL on top, so I ordered the xxl to be safe. It was way too big in the bust, and I'm not small-chested. Then it was a hair too tight in the waist. It was also too short for my liking, falling right at my ankles. I'm 5'6" so not exceptionally tall. If the fit hadn't been an issue I would've kept it in a heartbeat- very pretty in person


A little thin and runs smaller that what I ordered


Gorgeous. Looks way more expensive than it is. As other reviewers have noted, the sequins are really scratchy and abrasive under the arms, so just be prepared for that. Stunning.


The dress is nice but it itches soooooo much from the sequins so buyer beware, also the fit is ok but if you like a more tailored fit you would have to get it taken in and shaped to you body more. But overall it worked for the night!!!!


The only probably I had was the sequence rubbing on my inner biceps.  Otherwise, everyone loved it.


