Very pretty dress and fit as expected. I would recommend wearing a shawl or cardigan because the sequins chafed my arms. Especially if you plan on dancing.


Had numerous compliments on this dress and it didn't appear to be such a costume as it was.  Wore it to a Great Gatsby Theme party but I think this dress is suitable for any ball!  Shipping was fast and as expected.  But since I ordered it last minute, I didn't have any time to make any adjustments however the strings in the back make it quite adjustable if you had bust issues.  Although if I had ordered it sooner I would have made adjustments as just the tie alone didn't keep the top on my bust.  Length was ok too.  I would definitely recommend this dress for a fancy night out!


Best dress I've ever purchased! Wore this for NYE 2016,and I received so many compliments from complete strangers. Wear this, and you still stand out in the best way.


I immediately returned it once I opened it. The sequence was already starting to fall off and all I did was take it out of the bag. Although, the packaging was perfect and well thought out.


This dress is as beautiful as the picture. Not too long,not too short. Mine is a little larger in the Bust area.  make sure you view the size chart before purchasing Bc I ordered bigger than I normally would have because I viewed the chart and im so grateful I did. The only issue besides the bust size for me is the fact that these sequins scratch my arms.


This dress is beautiful... I wish I could fit it. It is definitely worth the price.


It has a corset lace up in the back. Beautiful gown. I wouldn't really wear it to a costume party but a more dressier event.


very flattering but the sequins are suuuuper scratchy. I could only wear for 5 minutes and it took a week for the insides of my arms to heal from the abrasions


Loved the dress!!! nervous at first because price was so low for such a beautiful dress but it is EXACTLY as pictured and the material is wonderful!! I am 5'10 and weigh 160 I ordered a large and it fit but I would have liked a size smaller (medium) simply because I have a smaller chest, the chest area was just an inch too big but was easily fixed (the corset in the back allows you to adjust!) Also length was precect! I have a hard time finding dresses long enough since I  am so tall but this dress with heels still touched the floor! LOVE..originally ordered this dress for a masquerade ball but was canceled so I didn't get to wear it


Very cheap looking, cheaply made. I bought it because of the great reviews. It came with some of the sequins torn off, and without the scarf. I might have gotten one that was returned and they repackaged it and sent it out.


Beautiful dress! I received compliments all night at the black tie event. Unique, stunning, and a show stopper. Caution: wear this with full confidence because everyone WILL notice you in this dress!


