This gotten made me the Belle of the ball on the cruise


Seriously, I don't buy clothes or dresses from Amazon often and usually I'm disappointed but I'm so happy I did! The dress was beautiful and PERFECT for the "Fifty Shades Darker" movie premiere in LA this last week! Fast shipping, great quality, so stoked and so many compliments! Deff. Going to wear again to my moms 50th Gatsby themed birthday as wellnbbn


Simply gorgeous dress!  Not heavy at all, flowed beautifully, sparkled!  I got a TON of compliments on it.  I'm 5'5" & 128 pounds.  I had a medium and probably should've gotten a small as it could've been a little tighter in the bodice. I didn't wear a bra with it, which was a mistake as the gold sequins under my right arm rubbed! :-(


  LOVED the fact that you could lace up the bodice, that made it possible to snug the dress up more.


It was a wee bit long on me, but I managed to not trip/tear it!


  I wore it for a Downton Abbey event and it was a HIT!


I am in love with the dress it exceeded my expectations cant wait to wear it for my wedding reception


This dress runs small it is not really a XXL  Not a Plus size at All But very Pretty  it's a Shame I couldn't wear it very disappointed


Loved wearing it. I continuously stopped and given compliments on the dress. As my grandkids said I was the Princess of the Gala..


This dress is everything and more than I expected! Can't wait to wear it on Monday the 16th! Came in exactly 2 days after order. Its beautiful and so is the price!


It fits great and goes perfect for anything Gatsby themed but the coloring in the photo on here is not true to the colors of the dress you will get. The dress itself is a light champagne color, almost an ivory with dark gold (almost bronze) colored sequins. However, it also comes with clear straps so you won't have to continually pull it up and fix it. It also comes with a really pretty shawl of the same champagne color.


This is a beautiful dress. However, this dress was not for me due to a couple of different reasons. First, I have no boobs. And this dress requires some boobage. Also, expect to look more round in this dress, as well be staticky. I howered our light switch and turned off the light through static electricity. Shocking.. This dress is a steal of a buy, and is beautiful. This is a look at my dress not a look at me in this dress. Beautiful, just not what I was looking for.


Purchased this gown for our ball. I wanted to try something new and I couldn't be happier. I bought a medium but to be honest a small would of fit. I received so many compliments I couldn't believe what a hit it was. Totally worth it.


