The dress was very nice.


Felt beautiful


I was actually really concerned about this dress. But IT IS AMAZING! The quality is WAY better than I expected. The dress fits great, I ordered a small and I usually wear a size 4-6 US. The lining fabric is great quality and the tulle and sequin work is great. I will be adding tulle sleeves for personal modesty reasons. But even as strapless dresses go it hit at the perfect spot on my chest. You will need help getting it on, it's a corset. I am so pleased and will post pictures after I have added the sleeves.


Love, love, love this dress! I was apprehensive of ordering a dress online without trying it on, but it fits so great! The corset back is really an asset to the dress, as it gives you room to adjust. I'm heavier than I want to be, so this gives me room to fit into this dress even after I (hopefully) lose weight. Currently, I'm 5'3" and 143 pounds. I ordered the medium and it was perfect and looked even more beautiful on than it does in the pictures. I got compliments all night. So so happy with this gown!


Fit my daughter perfectly and was beautiful.


I was impressed with this dress. The bead work is amazing, and the quality is excellent. The dress is true to size; it does not stretch much, but has a corset/lace-up upper back, so this allows for some control of space. I am a bit heavier on the top, so this was perfect for me.  The dress is stunning on. So worth it!


Fit a bit large (I'm very small, a size 0), and a little long (I tripped on it and landed on my butt at one point on the dance floor, which was...awesome...) but other than that I got a lot of compliments on it and it was perfect for my Cleopatra halloween costume.


I will try to post a picture soon but I ordered this dress for my 21 1920 themed cocktail birthday party and I was SO happy with it when it came. I have a small chest so I did need to wear a push up strapless bra but it was gorgeous. Fit well and was well worth the price. I was So surprised in the condition and quality. Really happy with the purchase. Again not a dress for rough wear but for a one time party it's fabulous! I ordered a small and I am 5 "8 and a  1/2. I weigh 135 and wear a size 2 usually. It's a little long but with heels perfect!


There was a huge hole in the tulle on the left side. It looks as though someone grabbed a handful, then snipped it off. My tailor thinks someone was trying to match the fabric, and won't hem my dress now. Fantastic news when my Ball is less than a month away.


UGLY UGLY UGLY!! I bought this as a possible dress for my bridesmaids. Tried it on and it was hideous! Not flattering at all. Made me look pudgy and fluffy (which I'm not) so I can't imagine what this would look like on other girls....


