I had been searching Amazon for the perfect dress for my graduate violin recital. When I came across this dress, I was floored! I ordered the dress after reading such positive reviews from other Amazon customers. The dress arrived in 3 days thanks to expedited shipping. I was a little worried because the dress came in such a small bag. However, once I opened the bag, my worries dissipated. The dress looked exactly like the picture and was even more beautiful in person. I tried it on and it fit perfectly. Several of the sequins fell off the dress, but since the dress has so many, it is impossible to pinpoint the exact location. The "missing" sequins are not noticeable ordered a small and my measurements are 36-30-36. I weight 120 and am only 5'1. The dress was too long for me, but that was expected due to my height. Although the dress was everything I expected, it did scratch my arms when I played violin. I was so reluctant to return it, but the seller provided a full refund. The customer service was absolutely spectacular. They were quick to respond and understanding of my situation. My search for a recital dress will continue, but I will most definitely order from this seller again in the future.


I wrote to ask the seller what size I should buy, being slightly between, and they recommended a medium. It's fits, but it's nearly too big, and about falls off me. By tying the laces tight enough to keep the top sort of up, the dress ruches up around the middle and the decorations don't lay flat. The gap in back where you're supposed to tuck the laces' ends is also pretty big, nearly 2" , so there's the laces, a huge gap and then a short zipper. Nothing quite fits my body correctly. It's still a gorgeous dress, but I'm a little annoyed by the fit.  It is VERY long. I'm not short, (5'7") but even in my highest heels the skirt brushes the floor. I will be replacing the back with a zipper, I think, to make it fit closer and will have to hem. I might even end up relining the dress. I did expect to do some work on it, and good thing, because I"m a little amazed at the women who bought this and were able to wear it right off without altering. It's lovely for the price and fairly well made, but it does need work.  Clear plastic straps were included which would help keep the bodice up, but they look tacky, so I won't be using them. Boning has also been added in the sides but it isn't enough to keep the top from sagging. Gorgeous sequin work, less excited about fit and form.


I wore this for an evening award gala. And I absolutely loved it. I felt gorgeous. I went by the measurements and ordered a size large. I could have ordered a medium. My friend and I turned it inside out and pinned the sides with pins to make it tighter in my waist. I'm 5'4" 150lbs my measurements are chest 38. Waist 33 1/2. Hips 40. This was very well made and looked expensive. I will definitely order from this company again.


What a perfect gown and  quality is superb for the price. We attended a Great Gatsby themed wedding and this gown stole the show. I was told over and over that we looked the part, like movie stars. I definitely recommend with zero hesitation. I am 5'5" 145, 36D and hourglass shape, I ordered a medium but, could have ordered a small. I took the sides in and added boning since I am busty. The length was ideal with low heels. My entire outfit was from Amazon. Love the quality and plan on wearing to another event. Shipping was very fast and it came with a matching scarf.


This dress is FABULOUS!  I read the comments carefully before making my purchase.  I sweated because delivery took longer than with other commenters, but when it came I ripped it out of the package and tried it on and IT FIT.  I had not one complaint.  In fact, I had many people asked me where and how I got the dress.  I even had one woman pass by my banquet table and tell me that I just needed to put HER dress in the mail...don't worry about washing it LOL


Seriously I am busty and have a tummy and I still received hundreds of compliments on this dress (I wore it to a 26,000 person banquet for my sorority).  I felt so beautiful!  I would definitely buy from them again.


I am absolutely pleased and would love to do business with this seller again. I am going to be attending a "holiday ball" during the Christmas season, and I really don't want to spend a fortune on a dress I will most likely wear one time. This dress is the perfect solution. It is far higher quality than I expected! The liner fabric is soft and the sequin work is really executed well!  I read a lot of the reviews, but I am still so pleasantly surprised-it fits almost perfect out of the package! (I knew the bust would need to be adjusted being a 36e)-my plan is to just remove the tiny cups that are inserted and just use a strapless bra in its place! The bust is very forgiving as many others have pointed out, and even without boning, I feel very secure! I did order a size large when I could have gone with a medium-so I did have a little extra room in the hip area, but that is my own preference (I'm 5'3, 150lbs, 38, 30, 36--so not quite hourglass not quite square shaped) it gives me curves in the right places just by the pattern. Length is perfect for me with the small heels I plan on wearing (about 2 1/2 inches) the sequin under the arms are a little scratchy, so like many others I will have to find a solution--the shawl that came with the dress (a pleasant little surprise!) may just be my life saver! I knew getting an Amazon dress was going to require some "fixing" but I'm so pleased it's just a few things and still hundreds of dollars cheaper than any store I would have gotten this kind of dress from! If you are looking this style of dress, please look no further because this is absolute worth it!


This dress is absolutely beautiful! I ordered the silver size small. I was hoping for it to be more silver in color than white with silver details as I didn't want it to look "weddingy"..I got it for a masquerade Xmas party.


This could definitely work as a wedding dress if you wanted it tho its quite lovely!


I am 5'5 about 125-128 lbs and it fits snuggly.


*edited update*


I wore this dress for my Christmas party and it was truly one of the most uncomfortable dressed as I've ever worn.


No doubt it looked beautiful and I got loads of compliments on it.. but I've never pulled on and had to adjust a dress so much in my life.


I tied the back panel twice it was nice and tight and it kept falling down...looking and feeling uncomfortable.


I spent more time trying to tug it up than actually enjoying my evening in the dress.


It's possible wearing a strapless bra may have been an issue I'm not sure but either way it was pretty uncomfortable to wear.


UPDATE: So as much as I love this dress, it has a flaw.  I got compliments all night, but the sequins shredded my arms to pieces.  The sequins are very, very rough and irritated the heck out of my arms and chest.  Luckily it was dark so no one could tell, but as soon as I got home my arms were covered in scratches and almost looked like a rash (because there were that many scratches).  Now, none of the scratches bled, but it surely wasn't comfortable.  So in conclusion, it is a beautiful, well made dress.  But your arms will pay the price.


I am very pleased with this dress.  First off, I purchased this dress for a Great Gatsby themed work event.  It was much more price effective than some of the other options I saw.  I had a hard time justifying purchasing a $300 dress that I would wear only once.  Additionally, I purchased this dress in a Size M.  I am about 5 '7, and this fits me very well length wise without heels (which is what I was looking for).  I am of average build, somewhere between a size 4-8 depending on the clothing.  It was slightly tight on me, but the lace back was very forgiving.  Getting it off was actually very difficult.  Despite unzipping it, I was unable to escape from the dress without unlacing the entire back of the dress.  Again, not a huge problem at all.  Luckily, I ordered this dress months in advance.  For some reason, the post office kept saying I had an "undeliverable address" on the very same days they would deliver other packages.  I contacted the seller and they graciously 2 day DHL shipped me another dress.  It has been 6 weeks since I ordered the original dress, and it has yet to arrive,  Either way, I have the dress I ordered and I am very happy with it.  It is light weight and breathable, and very 20's themed.  The lace back allows many shapes and sizes to fit comfortably.  It is a little more tan than it appears in pictures.


Beautiful dress. Be sure to wear something with some kind of boning underneath to help keep its shape. Underarms are pretty chafed but that's expected with a sequin gown. Super happy overall!


I wore this dress to my prohibition era engagement party. I am a 5'4" and a 34DDD. You definitely need someone to help you lace up the back to get it tight enough. It ended up being a great dress but like a lots of strapless dresses it kept falling down a lot in the chest.  In some pictures the half circle on the stomach was not flattering. There is also a panel behind the laces that sometimes it slips up a bit higher than it should and needs to be adjusted. If I had to do it again I  would wear a corset with it because the dress isn't very structured other than the corset back. The sequins are really sharp on the inside of your arms so I suggest the theater trick of putting a skin safe glue like spirit gum on the area to protect it. My arms got really scratched up trying it on, but once I put the glue on it worked great for the party.


