Gorgeous Dress! Bought It For My Junior Prom &'d Made Quite An Entrance! Fits Like A Glove &'d Definitely Worth The Price!!! Felt Beautiful!


This dress was awesome! Great price and easy to alter! Very beautiful! Only negative thing I could say was that the sequins hurt the under side of my arms and I had to put a jacket on to be comfortable the rest of the night...


This is true to size and looks great! All the sequins are on and a little wrinkled but nothing some steaming couldn't fix. It shipped so quickly and came way before it was expected.


This dress is gorgeous! Considering the price I was expecting it to be ordinary but it is great quality and it arrived so quickly! My only issue with it is the sizing - I got the small (usually wear a size 6AUS) and it is slightly too big around the waist and stomach area, even with the strings pulled in all the way at the back. Such a stunning design though and I can't wait to wear it for a gown photoshoot I have coming up next month!


I loved this dress!! It fit perfectly for the military ball theme which was roaring 20s! I had ordered it on a Tuesday, and it came on a Thursday of the same week!! I have never been so amazed by a company before! I got so many compliments all night thanks to Angels Fashions!


I used the size chart as directed, which showed I would be a small. When the package arrived it smelled of plastic, but figured I should try it on. I couldn’t even get the dress over my shoulders, then I couldn’t get it off. It was stretchy until the bodice, then it was sewn so it didn’t stretch. It would not have even fit a teenager. The sequins were sharp and left marks on my skin. When I contacted the seller stating the dress was too small, he offered to only give me a portion and I could keep the dress, even though I explained it did not fit. He offered a full refund and was prompt with emailing me back. The issue is with the actual dress, not the seller.


I love the dress, I think it's gorgeous and fits appropriately and all of that. My only problem with it is sort of a big one. I bought this as my prom dress ad prom hasn't even happened yet--but just from trying it on a couple of times, the insides of my biceps were basically shredded by these sequins. It's so pretty, but it is KILLING MY ARMS. I'm still trying to find a way around it, because if I have to wear this all night at prom I have no doubt I'll be bleeding. I'm either going to have to sew cloth over it (maybe the wrap that came with it) in those areas or just remove the sequins. If it weren't for this I'd give it five stars.


Must buy! Received countless compliments and is absolutely glamorous.


I like that all my stuff covered and it fits well. I'm glad I got it for homecoming.


I love this dress! Got my dress in yesterday and it fits perfect in the waist, butt n hips. I am 5'7 and it is long enough. I normally wear a large, but this large was a little big in the breast area...it is worth the buy!!!


