The dress fits as expected,  and looks.great. But if you are short its a no go. I'm 5 foot 5 and fell from it a few times. Also, the sequins left me with a rash/realllllly irritated skin on my inner arms from rubbing against the dress.


It was a little large around the waist, but that was expected since I have a weird body shape. Otherwise it fit everywhere else. I was very excited to receive this dress and have it look EXACTLY like the picture! It's such a nice dress, but it is a little scratchy due to the sequins (hopefully that won't stop you from buying this dress).


Beautiful dress but it gathers in the back.  This is my 2nd time buying another one because it was too small.  The sizes are deceiving as if they are for teenaged rather than adults.


The quality of the dress is nice. Unfortunately the Bust area didn't fit as expected. The customer service is great! The dress didn't work but they gave me a refund and I didn't have to worry about the hassle of returning it. 5 stars for customer service.


Ordered for my gatsby themed bridal shower! It worked out really great! I had it altered to be a high low, and the corset allows for adjustments


The dress is gorgeous! Wonderful customer service, fast and efficient shipping.


Unfortunately it didn't work for me, and I'm truly sad about it.


Love, love this  dress! Buy it now!


The dress is beautiful and It looked way more beautiful in real life. Very friendly, helpful and responsible. The best customer service you could ever have!!! I am very pleased to order from them. I will order again and definitely recommend everybody who wants to buy a great material with the best customer service.


I wore this for my Great Gatsby engagement party. It is a very beautiful dress and it takes pictures well. Just be aware that the bodice part can be very scratchy.


The dress is beautiful and lightweight and looks just like the picture! Comes with extra sequins for repairs - I love it!!! Gonna wear it on a cruise formal night AND a Gatsby themed birthday party...


