amazing dress and fit the budget. Got so many compliments on it and no one knew how much it cost.


It's really a shame that this dress didn't work out for me. After all the positive reviews and photos of other women looking very nice in this dress, I had really high hopes, but they were sadly squashed.


Upon opening the package, I was very excited to see that the dress looked just as pictured, color and all. But on further inspection, I noticed that the rows of sequins going down the leg area in the front were off-center, and one was completely cut off. Strike one.


Then, turning the dress around and checking out the back, I noticed that the pattern of sequins over the area where my bottom would be was uneven across the seam. It was even everywhere else on the back of the dress but this one spot. So it's clearly a flaw in the design. Strike two.


So at this point I'm thinking, "Ok, you get what you pay for. I can handle these flaws if it looks good on." Well, that didn't work out either. I'm not a big girl, and I don't wishfully order the wrong size. I ordered a Small, and I'm 5'8", 140lbs, 34 bust x 27 waist x 38 hips. Based on the views I've read and my own personal knowledge of gown sizing, I knew that would be the best size option. If I didn't have such an exaggerated hourglass figure, this would have been fine. It was way WAY too tight across my bottom (another reviewer claimed the same thing), way too loose around my waist (it bunched up when I walked because there was so much extra material around my waist- even with the corset strings tied as tight as they would go), but fit well enough across my bust. Plus, it was about 3 inches too long on my 5'8" frame. I can only imagine what it would look like on a girl with my dimensions, but shorter.


Am I weird? How come everyone else looked so good in this, and it's so poorly fitting on me?! :(


I'm hoping I can send it back.


**Update!** I just came back to this review to give it 3 stars (instead of my initial 1 star review) because the customer service I've received from Angel-Fashions was so good. I received a full refund for the dress, and I am very appreciative. So FYI to any ladies who are worried about this dress not fitting: The customer service is great, so if you're not happy with it, they will refund you :)


Can't beat it for the price .  I am 5 foot 8 1/2 and weigh 140 .  Size medium fit perfectly .  If I was any taller however I would think it was too short I am only wearing one inch heels so keep that in mind for length.


 Just looks beautiful,  and fit perfectly right out of the bag .  The only thing I would suggest is if you are bigger busted like I am take it to a seamstress and have her put in some vertical boning in the bodice .  I found that the bodice did not want to stay up and the material slouched some around the bodice being strapless ,  so my seamstress put in the boning and it was perfect .


 It does have tabs sewn inside and comes with clear bra straps you could wear but I  wanted it to stay strapless .,


so many compliments when wearing this dress. I went to a black tie gala with a lot of rich woman. I can't keep up with them in style and price but I was complimented on this dress so many times thru the night. I was proud to tell people how much I spent and see the shock on their faces. They were wearing dress in the $500-$1000 range and I was the bell of the ball! It felt amazing!


I love this dress! Bought it to use as a bridesmaid dress in an upcoming wedding. It has room to work with since it is a lace-up back, I'm 120 lbs 5'4" and it fits me when tightened up and gives a great silhouette. With 5" heels it's a good length for me


I ordered this dress for my work Holiday party which was a masquerade theme.  The dress is absolutely gorgeous, and quite comfortable. I got compliments all night long, the next day and even at work on Monday.  If you are looking for an eye catching dress, I highly recommend this dress!


Runs a little small but the  lace up back helps. Gorgeous, gorgeous dressing! It's a little itchy on the front.


The best decision I made in Amazon yet.


Affordable and Perfect fit!


I got a 2xx, usually wear an 18.


I'm 5'4" so no alternations needed!!


I've never wrote a review for Amazon before but this product deserves an amazing review! Shipping and everything to Hawaii came up to $60 plus - delivered to my door less than a week! He dress is beautiful... I love it so much, it fits just as expected!! I'm 5'6, 160, 36dd - so I got a large just like what the reviews suggested! Can't wait to wear this next month!!!


I am very skeptical about strapless dresses because I am so top heavy but I loved this dress. You need a second pair of hands to strap it up for you but other than that it was a GO for a West Indian Gala that I attended over the weekend in Boston.


