Stunning! I can't say enough about this dress. The seller was amazing and so fast getting the dress to us. We ordered it last Friday at 11 a.m. and it was delivered and in my hands by Monday at 9 a.m. The fit was perfect. If you use their size chart and measure yourself, you'll have no problems. The corset back was a nice touch. It gave her room to adjust the dress for the perfect fit. My daughter dropped jaws in this dress! She wore 4.5 inch heels with it and had absolutely no trouble walking or managing in the dress. She's 5'4, we ordered a large. We probably could have ordered a medium and been fine, but the large allows for her to grow and maybe get more use out of this beautiful dress. (She's 14). We did read every single review before purchasing and we knew there would be a chance of her arms getting scratched by the sequins, she made it from 5 a.m. until 3 p.m. with very minimal scratching on her arms. She was dancing and moving so the scratching was expected, but not horrible. We'll be more than happy to answer any questions you may have about the dress. One more thing, the color is a just a bit lighter than the picture used- I have uploaded a picture of the actual color of the dress. We were very pleased with the actual color, personally- I think it looks better. The quality of this dress blew me away. We are very satisfied with this purchase and we will be repeat customers. Thank you for making my daughter's day absolutely perfect! (In some of the pics it appears that the dress is longer on one side, it's not. My girl just doesn't like to stand up straight and she shifts all of her weight to one side.)  And for those curious, her necklace came from Amazon as well. ;)  I will look through my pictures and see if I ave any of the back of the dress.


The gown was nice but it was too small.


The dress is true to size. I weigh 184 and is approximately 5'8. I ordered a XL. It was loose across the bust area but after I put on a padded strapless bra it worked out perfectly. With no heels the length was perfect. The dress is also easy to move in. I ordered this dress for my Great Gatsby photos for my wedding. I gave it four stars because of the difficulty to put the dress on. If it had a zipper on the side I think it would be more convenient.


I'm 5' tall, 107 lbs. the small fit me pretty loose up top and was a little to long <~ (but that's a common problem w me, so I'm not complaining). I did have to take in the dress, half inch on both sides. Aside from alterations, the color was gorgeous, I went to a prohibition party for New Years and it really made me look like a high class girl in the 1920s ! With the right accessories, you'll look like a million bucks


I received so many compliments on this dress.  It came way before the estimated arrival date which was a nice surprise.  My only complaint was the sequins under the arms were scratching me!  Beauty is pain but OUCH!  I would suggest finding some sort of barrier to put there but the beauty of the dress is worth the extra work.


I ordered a large and it ended up being a bit big so I took it in a little (I wanted to be safe rather than sorry) and added a super simple cap sleeve so I would be comfortable. I got a million compliments!! I'm 5 8" and was so happy at how long it was!!


My daughter's prom theme this year was "Gatsby" and we fell in love with this dress. I was worried when an XS wasn't offered that it would be too large and it was. Her size ranges from a 00-2 depending on the brand/style. We had it altered and took off a few sizes and with the help of the lace up back made it work. It doesn't have an hourglass shape quite like the stock image shows. Our seamstress added the shape and effect my daughter wanted. Like some others mentioned, the sequins did cause a lot of redness, scratching, and pain to her inner arms. All that aside....THE DRESS IS GORGEOUS! Absolutely gorgeous! If you fill it out, it may be just fine without alterations. My daughter is extremely fit, lean, and petite so needed the alterations. Her friends both chose dresses from the same company as well and looked incredible. Their sizing was off also...but LOVED their dresses as well. These are a great choice, value, and look amazing if you know someone that can help you make them fit right if need be.


I wore this dress to a Great Gatsby themed dance and I had so much fun! People kept coming up and telling me how much they loved the dress! And two people even asked to take my picture! The dress fit so nicely and I just loved it! The only problem I had with it was the sequins scratched my arms when I moved them across my dress, and the inside of my arms were red by the end of the night. But all in all it was a good dress!


This is a really beautiful dress I wanted to fit so badly! I bought it for a 1920s party but I would wear it for other formal events or on a cruise. The design is beautiful and doesn't look cheap. I had to return cuz it just didn't fit me well.  The underslip is very stretchy but this dress doesn't work well for shorter ones like me. I'm only 5 foot tall and I'm pear shaped size 12. The dress had a lot of extra fabric that rolled up in all the wrong places and I would have to hem it at least 7 or 8 inches that would cut into the design of the sequins. Hemming wouldn't be easy without sacrificing some of the design. I also found the armpits to be scratchy like others noted. That's the only flaw in the dress and why I took a star off the rating. Maybe not taking the sequins all the way to the edge in the armpit area or add some padding or fabric barrier becaus those sequins do scratch under the arm and would cause irritation.


I am 4''11 and 220lb and ordered a 3x. I had high hopes for this dress but it did not fit perfectly which was expected since it's an online order. The dress itself is beautiful, the quality of the liner and sequins is amazing for the price . The dress has a panel behind the lace up portion on the back, and my back is too wide for the panel to cover it , I am getting the dress altered because it zips up fine and am using a personal trainer, this dress is for my wedding so I hope after replacing the panel with a larger one , it would fit better. It does run a bit short for an average dress, I won't need to fix the length after putting my heels on. Some one who is 5'5 would fit this perfectly.


