I bought this dress for a Great Gatsby event and paid for quick shipping.  I was concerned when I saw it was shipping from China, but it got here a day earlier than they even thought!  The dress is absolutely gorgeous but was a little too big on me to look right.  I am a size 16-18 and got the XXL, but my waist is smaller and even with the lace up back it didn't get tight enough to look right.  I was disappointed because the dress was so beautiful!


Great dress for the price. If you want this dress buy you will not be displeased.


The dress is pretty to look at, but super uncomfortable. Just in the few minutes I tried it on, it scratched up my arms pretty good, breaking the skin and all, not just surface scrapes. I can't imagine wearing it for hours at a time. Really disappointed.


It's okay, dress is nice but i wish it looked better on me. I thought it would but not as i expected.


Angel-fashions does know how take care of there customer and that's why I gave them 5 stars, please with there service and that makes a difference. Thank you Angel-Fashions.


Beautiful dress, ran a little small, but the real problem was that it just doesn't fit a petite person. If I was 3 inches taller, it might have been perfect. (I'm 5'3 and about a 16, so got the largest size.)


Great dress..got so many compliments..very flattering


Fit very large, had to return. The sequins also rub so bad on my skin that I couldn't keep it, i sent it back since i need to use it for theater work


Pretty dress, fit as expected, but it was a little short on me. (I'm use to that though.) I'm 5'9'' flat footed... If your my height or taller I would contact the seller to see if they take special measurements.


Dress is beautiful. I had to return it because it did not fit..HOWEVER I am 8 months pregnant Lolol. If I wasn't, it would've fit beautifully. They refunded my money so fast to me, I'm really impressed. The only fall back is that the sequins on the dress can really scratch your arms up but other than that it's a really pretty dress & it came really fast with shipping.


