Im so in love with this dress! I ordered three different dresses to choose from and the only reason I didnt choose this one is because im extremely pale and the color of the dress didnt compliment my skin tone. Its beautiful, though. I hated to return it.


This dress is gorgeous. To help people about the fit,I am 5' 9'', weight 140, b: 33, w:26 , h: 38 and ordered a small size and was perfec. The dress just touch the floor. It looked just like the picture and it traveled really good (no wrinkles). I recommended, but make sure you have help to tie the back because it is a bit hard.


Dresses are perfect! Size runs true, no major support, such as provided by b


Corset, but the lace up back expands or contracts for a better fit. Dress comes with a sheer shoulder scarf. Received order well before promised.


My daughter wore this to a friends prom with a Great Gasby theme. It was perfect. She received so many compliments.


Other than it being slightly larger than expected, it's a really great value for the price. Very glam!! If you are between sizes, like I am, order the smaller size! The corset back allows for plenty of adjustment. The pic is from when I got mine hemmed, so I am obviously wearing the wrong bra, don't judge.


Beautiful dress. I am 5'8 150 lbs 30 DD and typically wear a size 8 and I ordered the medium size. It was quite large in the chest area and I was glad for the lace up back. I did have to lace it up so tight that it didn't look quite right, but I didn't feel it took away from the dress.


Beautiful dress!!!! Came nicely folded. I took it out, put it on, and went to a party there is cup support so no bra needed. I got an XL.


the dress is beautiful for the price paid.  it needs a little improvement around the chest area as it won't stay in place.  maybe that's just because the person I bought the dress for didn't have a big chest however over all this is a nice dress for any gatsby theme party or Halloween party.


This dress is so pretty! It fits perfect, I'm 5'5 140, ordered a medium. I can't wait to wear it for New Years.


love ittt, Everybody liked the dress!


