I'm 5'5" and range in between M-L decided to error on the side of L because the back is adjustable. I couldn't be happier with the gown, it looks and feels like a million bucks. I recommend wearing some sort of corset/bustier under as the dress has no supports or ribbing. The adjustable back helps keep it up as it was a bit to large on me. I'm quite curvy (10-12 pants) and this dress is so flattering! It flares our in all the right places! I feel like I'm headed to the oscars when I wear it!


Such a beautiful dress! I wore it for my birthday for my great gatsby party and I stole the show away. Definitely recommend!


This dress is awesome, and we'll fitting. I am 5'3 140lbs, and the medium dress was perfect. I wore on Black Friday to my son wedding.


I ordered this dress for a party my sister was having. The dress is beautiful and looked exactly as pictured. It was very comfortable! Just overall bigger than what I had expected, I didn't have enough time to have alterations done so I contacted the seller for a return. The seller was very courteous and offered to refund me $30 and also allow me to keep the dress. I graciously accepted to save on the hassle of sending the dress back and it is gorgeous anyways! I just need to have alterations done. (I'm short and it is very long). I am very pleased with my dress and the service from this seller!!


It fit as expected and was very cute and comfortable, but was impossible to get on and tie up without someone else's help, and it also fell down very easily in the front and needed some plastic straps that would come undone frequently. I wore it for a special event but probably wouldn't wear it again.


This gown is gorgeous! It fit great & the back is a lace up so I could make it as tight or loose as I wanted. The only down part was that the sequins rubbed against the inside of my arm so much that it actually looked like a kitten had a field day clawing up my arm. Next time I'll be sure to find a cute coat to wear over it and protect my arms.


Gorgeous dress. The material is kind of cheap feeling. The corset back makes the dress bigger than it is, and had to be cinched all the way in to fit my daughter. She usually wears mediums, but it is big around the bust. If you order this dress, take a chance with getting a size smaller and that way the corset looks like a corset.


The dress looks exactly as it does in the picture just stunning I love it. I was a bit nervous of the size I chose which was a Large because I am 8 months pregnant and in a hurry to purchase a baby shower dress but I literally threw it on once I received the package and it fits perfectly. I am super happy and greatful. I weigh 170 but with the belly and the Large is a perfect fit I will give update pics once shower picz are available.


This did not fit at all and I had to return it. It did not look like the pictures to me. Didn't fit properly at all.


This is such a pretty dress I'm really happy with it.  I will be wearing it to a wedding and the bride has given her full approval!  It falls just above my feet which will be perfect.


