Size small was a perfect fit; usually Asian sizing fits my small frame better.  5'4", 105 pounds.  Sequins are secure, the mesh is pretty and floaty.  Mesh was a little long for me and could be easily trimmed.  I opted to wear higher heels.  Wore it to a gala event and received so many compliments!  It looks much more expensive than price paid.  Extremely happy with purchase.


I got this dress for my Gatsby-themed prom and it looked so good! I'm plus-sized so shopping in stores is rough and this exceeded my expectations. It's very flattering, even though it fits very close to the body. Also it's very well-made for the price! It does not have a lot of structure in the bodice so if you're looking for a corset effect on your midsection, this is not the dress for you even though it has the corset-style lace up back.


I am 5'3" and a size 12. I ordered an XXL and it fit perfectly including the length. I received several compliments on the gown. Some customers complained about the sides of the gown scratching them, but I had no problem. The price of the gown was perfect and I was pleased with the quality of the gown. It was delivered quickly.


The dress is even more amazing in person, especially with the corset back. The material is light and flowy, and it's so sparkley! My only complaint is that it's sooo long. I'm 5'2", and I read the other reviews so I knew ahead of time that it would be on the longer side, so I bought shoes with a taller heel (approx. 4"). They didn't help, I still ended up needing to hold up the dress anytime I walked. I'll likely need to alter the bottom before I wear it to my event.


Everything fits except the burst area.... way to big for me ...I am a B cup and need to wear a bra + NuBra to make it looks fuller.  In addition, I need to paste hollywood fashion tapes to hold the dress .... I also got irritations from the glitters ... otherwise, the dress is really beautiful and I also received many many compliments from my friends!


This is such a gorgeous dress! I was nervous about the sizing but it was true to size--I wear a size 16 and purchased this dress in an XL and looked that the sizing info. I will only have to take it in a little in the breast area. I look forward to wearing it for a NYE party!


I wore this to Theatre Bizarre, a halloween masquerade event, and got so many compliments!  A photographer even snapped my picture. This dress is gorgeous!


This dress is amazing!  The sequins under the arms are a bit scratchy, but I can over look that. The dress feels almost custom made because of the corset-type back.


The theme of the Christmas party this year was masquerade and I thought this would be perfect for the price I didn't think it would be the best quality but it turned out to be an amazing dress. I had so many compliments that night I highly recommend this dress!


I love this dress! I am very pear shaped so the corset was perfect since I always have to size up for my giant hips :P!


Edit: Sequins can get a little scratchy.


