this fits perfectly, and with the lace up back made it really easy to put on, so long as you have someone to do the back for you. the little sequin rings did end up all over my apartment when I put it on though.


I wore this dress on my Christmas Disney Cruise. It was comfortable and beautiful! Everyone was oohing and awing over it. I did have to return and get a bigger size initially as it ran a bit small. The fabric is durable and I didn’t even have to steam it once I removed it from the bag. I highly recommend this dress for any special occasion!


It was the most perfect dress , I loved it very much highly recommended


I bought this as a bridesmaid dress because the photos looked wonderful, but it was too busy when matched with my wedding dress. However, I will say the dress looks exactly as pictured and would look great for another event.


My sister is 5' 6'' and the dress is a bit long for her. Heels should do the trick though! Nice quality for the price, I was pleased. She is a size small but decided to order a medium to have room for some comfortable prom dancing.


Pros: came 8 days before latest expected arrival date, included clear straps and a teal colored scarf, good packaging for shipping, looks exactly like the picture online with no surprises


Cons: I was hoping ordering something oversees would fit my small frame better, however this dress fits closer to American sizing (I am 5'4", 105 pounds, 25 inch waist and the Small is both too big -even laced as tightly as the corset back will go- and about 5 or 6 inches too long), the sequins are scratchy, and getting this dress on and off is tough with the corset back and no additional zippers


Overall this dress is exactly as advertised and a good value. Unfortunately, this dress may not fit petite women well. Otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.


Awesome! I love it. I you may need a second person to lace you up but other then that fits great!!


Saw the same dress in a store for $200 we got it at a great price it for perfect the dress looks even better on great quality you get more than what you pay for


Great quality, beautiful and flattering on. A bit big up top but fit the hips. Contacted seller about fit and customer service was outstanding.


Beautiful dress!! I am a size 6 and ordered the medium to provide a little more room in the hip area. With the back lacing, I am able to tighten perfectly at the waist and chest. I am 5'4" and even with platform heels, I did need to have it hemmed about an inch. I did this to avoid having to hold it up every time I walk. At the great price point though, even with the alteration, I was able to have a stunning and unique evening dress for an amazingly affordable price.


