The dress is beautiful. I have to return because as a curvy girl the chest area is too big for me because I'm shaped like a pear and it would cost even more to take it in to fit 100% right. If it wasn't just for a costume party I would spend the extra money.


It's a beautiful dress.  I measured myself the day of buying the dress and my measurements showed that I should order a large.  The large was only slightly too big to fit properly.  After contacting customer support, they gladly replaced my over-sized dress for one that fit properly.  A great dress from a great company.


Absolutely love it! We are using them for bridesmaid dresses in my wedding!


I bought this for a Gatsby themed event I will be hosting. I'm not used to ordering things online, so I didn't really expect much out of it...


Boy, was I surprised when I saw that


A. It shipped to me in about 2 days (thanks, expedited shipping!)


B. It looks just like the image you see. You seriously know what you're buying.


I'm extremely satisfied with this product, and I didn't even know it came with a cute little cover-up! Angel Fashions did a marvelous job, and they can expect to see me again in the future.


looks great, i love quality.  definitely can't beat the price. looks beautiful,  planning on wearing it every chance i get. I loved the corset back.  really let's you adjust


Really beautiful fit really well and came right on time. Only downside is sequins scratch underarms, but it was great for prom other than that. Very happy with it. I pinned the top to a bra to make sure it didn't slide down. I was also wearing about 3 inch heels, without them it went right to the floor so it was perfect length all around.


Love the dress...however, based on the feedback listed I ordered a large and should have stuck to my regular medium size!


I guess for 60.00 I expected a little bit better quality. Even my 8 year old daughter looked at it and said "it looks like a costume." So, if you are looking for a costume, this is a great dress. But, if you're looking for something to actually wear in public, I'd skip it. If it was $30 or so, I would have kept it, but I returned it and went to a dress shop and found something for $80 that was of much better quality.


This dress was very pretty... the only set back is the back lace that tightens the dress on the back.  It doesn't seem to go with the rest of the design.  This dress is perfect for a Gatsby/1920's party!  I was going to use this dress for a 1920s holiday party that we had for work but plans didn't end up going through so I was planning on returning the dress.  The seller reached out to me and decided to give me my refund and keep the dress.  That was the first option they provided!!  They refunded me $44.09 from the price of $48.99 that I paid.  The fact that they were willing to refund me and keep the dress just shows their great customer service. Thank you.


I loved this dress. I wanted to wrist it for Christmas but then it was just to big.  The measurements are the dress alone and now counting the corset back,  take the step down.  Unfortunately I will be returning the dress because of thid which is to bad.


