Fits great, but the top of the dress wanted to continuously fall down. Really scratchy with the sequins and actually made chest really red.


This was a great buy, mad one alteration, and took it in, and it fits amazing.  I plan to wear it to my next Vegas trip.


Beautiful dress but the equines will irritate your underarms.


I love this dress. When I tried it on I thought it was gonna be too small bc I used the size chart to order. It fit perfect!!! I also was worried about receiving it on time. I got it in no more than 4 days after ordering. I absolutely love it and can't wait to wear to my moms 60th formal party. All I need now is some shoes.


Bought this for my daughter for her senior prom. It fits her like a glove and was absolutely gorgeous she got a ton of compliments on it and it was incredibly unique :-)


i love it, well made & looked fab in it, so many compliments on this dress!! only complaint is under the arms were a lil sore because it rubbed against the sequence while i danced. i didnt feel a thing until aftr the party ended but next day ooch!


I ordered a size small following a review but I should have order M as it is my size. I love the dress, the quality and the delivery was fast. I am getting the size medium because it is totally worthy. I am 5'2, 140 pounds, size 6 in pant and 36 D in bra. The sizing is pretty accurate. and the length was as expected,


It's a gorgeous dress order two sizes up..wonderfully adjustable to various waistlines  with the corset ties in the back


I was still skeptical when I ordered this even after reading the reviews and seeing the pictures of the dress on customers. Well now I know I was just worrying too much! This dress is beautiful in person and fit like a glove! I will definitely be looking to this company in the future for dresses!


This Dress was AMAZING! I literally got compliments the entire night, starting with random strangers on the street when I stepped out of the car. Was absolutely perfect.


