Absolutely amazing dress. I ordered a size larger than I needed (I ordered XXL, I'm 5'9 and 200 lbs, I am not small and I like to be cautious about online clothing) and it was almost too big, ordering the proper size instead of compensating for assumed error would have been wise). I ordered it expecting to get a cheap knockoff, but it is absolutely identical to the one in the picture. It fits well and flows really nicely when I walk, and the shipping was ridiculously fast. I love it. 10/10


Bought this dress for my wedding.  Getting married a second time,  I didn't want to wear white,  this dress was perfect. According to the size chart I should get a Large, but with site saying it runs small, I ordered a large and Xl. Both were too big.  I ended up with a medium. I'm 5 ft 2 and 165. The problem with the larger size was that the tor so was too big despite the corset. Lol and with the medium it was my hips.  I'm bottom heavy. Small chest, small waist big hips and butt compared to the rest of me.  As other ppl said the torso rubs long so it bunches at waist. I think it meant for a woman a tad bit taller. The dress is Beautiful!  My husband cried when he saw me walk out.  The wedding guests gasped. My parents cried and said wow! I wore the dress with clear cinderella shoes with a silver heart in front. The sequins were a Lil scratchy but I managed well. It wasn't till honeymoon I realized the scarring I got from it. Being brown skinned, I scar darker. So now I have permanent  black scratch line scars on my inner upper arm. Looks like I was running through barb wire. It's on the inside so not too bad. The friends who I informed the dress was from amazon and so cheap were shocked.  The breast part could.use some boning. Length of dress was good.  It didn't drag on ground. But maybe if the large fit my top the dress might drag a bit.


This dress went above and beyond my expectations. I was so grateful for all the reviews because I never would have bought this without them.


I am 5'5 130 lbs and I purchased a medium and it fit perfect. I usually wear tighter fitting clothes, so this wasn't my usual go to silhouette but it was still a beautiful dress that definitely did not look like I only paid $50. The quality of everything is surprisingly high - no missing chunks of sequins like some others had issues with. There was minor shedding, but not much. The corset is so useful since we are all so differently shaped. Also - I was worried about the length of this dress since I had planned on wearing flats and didn't know if I would be able to shorten it due to the sequins on the bottom. Turns out this dress is the PERFECT length if you want to wear flats and are around my height. So if you are taller I would be mindful of your footwear choices.


I did have minor irritation from the sequins under my arm on my side but I would expect that from any sequin dress.


I received many compliments all night. Very glad I went with this dress.


I would definitely listen to the buyer, look at pictures, and know your body size. I will agree it is loose at the top but the corset strings help a lot. Also, the dress can get itchy so i recommend long gloves as well. All in all I love the dress.


I am 5'7" 160lbs 36D, I normally wear a large but it was way too big on me.  Contacted Seller and they immediately responded and send a medium that fit perfect on me.  Received many compliments and will definitely buy from this seller in the future!


I love this dress. It has room for customizing the waistline. I am 5"4, 200 pounds, size 16, I bought 2x it was big but it gave me lots of room to contour. Very easy to sew.


Super pretty; I got the gold, and the sequins are super well done.  I normally wouldn't buy this silhouette, but it's very flattering--smooths the midsection, flares out at the right point on your hips; I'd imagine this would look pretty damn flattering on everyone.  There's not a whole lot of give in the hip area--if you're in-between sizes, you probably want to order up; even with the lace-up back, the lower torso area is still fairly snug (I'm a M/L; the M would not fit comfortably).  If you're busty, the top is kind of a pain--you'll probably want a strapless bra and/or some decent dress tape.  That said, I had neither of those things and still felt wonderful wearing it all night, even if I had to tug it up a few times.


Gorgeous dress ! Buy it !!! Bought this dress for a singing event , I am a classical singer so I always need gowns , but hate to spend a lot of $$ on them . This was perfect ! I saw similar ones at stores for 2-300$ and this was the same quality  for a lot less price ..looks better in person and pics don't do it justice . I am 5'4 and with heels not long at all. I am 40-29-40 and the corset waist was perfect . I ordered a large . I didn't cinch corset all the way in the pics , was just excited to post this , so with it cinched in all the way and shaped right it will look even better ! It is scratchy but that's to be expected with sequins ..


We bought this dress for my daughter's Great Gatsby-themed prom. I was afraid it would be too much like a Halloween costume, but when it arrived I saw that it obviously wasn't. It is gorgeous--the best $50 I've ever spent! She got so many compliments--strangers stopped her to tell her that she looked "amazing".


The dress is a simple sheath that laces up the back, with a mesh and sequin overlay. It has soft bra cups, but no boning in the bodice, so if you need a more streamlined look, try wearing a structured bra with it. My  daughter wore a strapless push-up bra and then we used Hollywood fashion tape to adhere the dress to her chest so it wouldn't move around or slide down. The dress was a little large on her. She is 5'1" and 125lbs with a 36C bra size. She usually wears a size 6 bottom and a medium top in clothes from Forever 21 and Hollister. We ordered a small--it fit around the bust, but the waist could have been taken in an inch or so. The dress was long, but when she wore 4-inch heels it was passable. She did not have the problem with the sequins scratching her inner arms that other people experienced.


Originally, I felt the lace-up back was kind of ugly. But then I researched how to properly lace up a corset, and was able to make it look much nicer. (Basically, you don't just pull it as tight as you can and tie it--it needs to form a deep "V", the laces have to be flat, and the extra lace needs to be tucked in the dress and pinned down.)


She completed the outfit with the Babeyond Great Gatsby Inspired Bridal Art Deco Hair Comb (actually not a comb, more of a crystal and gold headband) and the Aukmla Wedding Fur Wrap in gold.


Shipping was super fast. We found out about the Gatsby theme on Monday, ordered the dress on Monday night with expedited shipping, and had it by Wednesday.


I bought this for a NYE masquerade ball. This dress is unique and eye catching! For the price it is amazing quality. Looks like it would be a 100-150.00 dress.  It would have been perfect fit wise, but I should have went a size up to medium, and The reason why is something missing from other reviews I read.


This dress only has a small zipper in the back and the rest has to be completely laced right to hold it up. You need two people to put this dress on!!!! My husband had to lace it up for me because that’s what keeps the top ttogether. I ordered a small ( I’m 5’3 and 135 lbs) The small fit great body wise and the length was perfect with and without heels. Yet the top laced up was extremely tight, I am small chested and could not even wear a bra. Which worked out fine because it stayed so tight all night even with dancing! The sequins are pretty irritating to your underarm area but it isn’t a make or break.  It does need to be pulled up if your dancing/moving a lot but what strapless thing doesn’t? It really stayed up pretty well for how much we were dancing! 😊


So, just keep in mind you will need help to get it on. I don’t have a lot going on up top, but if you have bigger boobs, order a size up strictly for that reason!!! It really is a beautiful dress for the price, and got here really quick (within 48 hours of order) the packaging was in a small envelope. And the dress was folded, but it looked fine once I got it out.


Wish I had somewhere to wear this dress again, it’s so pretty! :)


