I ordered this dress to wear for my birthday  02/24...this dress is amazing! The fabric is an amazingly unexpected quality, not cheap feeling or looking at all. I am 5ft 1in 150lbs slim thick, I ordered the small and it fits perfect. It's bodycon fitted but not tight and very comfortable, it is very stretchy and giving. It is not see thru, nice thickish but breathable material. It is long but I was able to scrunch it up and prevent it from laying on the floor, even at 5ft 1in it is not too long if you know how to wear it. I will be ordering one in every color, I am in love... I say YES to the dress!!!


I absolutely love this dress! I received many compliments and it fit very well! I ordered it in a large. I'm now trying to decide what other pattern do I want!!! Great buy!


I received my dress today and i ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!  I am ordering another now in another pattern!  I will say I am glad that I read enough reviews to see that it runs a little big.  I am 5'1, 130 lbs and usually wear a medium but ordered this in a small.  I also thought this was going to be super long (but was prepared to wear heels), but it isn't AT ALL!  It fits me perfectly but I see people who are 5'7 and above saying the length was perfect for them as well so that's a little confusing.  Overall, this is A FANTASTIC dress especially for the price!


I really like this dress although it is a little loose and long (I'm 5'4" and weigh 175)  I do plan to get it hemmed before I wear it.  I read quiet a few of the reviews and looked at pictures before ordering so I didn't want it to fit really tight so I ordered an X-large (could have gotten a large).They have an awesome sizing chart also. The colors are very vibrant and looks just like the photo. When I wear it, I will post a picture.


I wore this to my Hawaiian baby shower. It fit with the theme so well. This dress is made with great quality a little hot but at least it wasn't see through. I am 35 weeks pregnant and I got a size Medium the dress has plenty of stretch. The dress is a bit long but I'm 5 feet but I still got by with a wedge.


Color is a little off but this seller is the only one I saw that has the actual dress in the sense that, what you order is what you get. I've noticed others sell replications that look and fit off. This dress looks exactly like the picture, the blue is just a little more sky blue than turquoise/mint which is fine. Pattern is exact.


I'm about 120 lbs and the dress is very fitting, showing off my curves. It gets wider at my knees, and reaches the floor with or without heels. I'm 5'7 by the way. I plan to wear this with 4 inch wedges for my tropical vacation coming up. I love the off shoulder ruffle top most of all. I'm debating whether I want to order more, but I'll definitely order from this seller if I do. Shipping was fast. Item is very affordable and comfy.


Loved the dress. Got a lot of compliments. 31 weeks pregnant. Weight 168 lbs. Size medium.


Cute! It's long I'm 5'7 and it drags like I want, yesss!!


Absolutely love this dress. As a 6 foot tall woman who is a 10 on top and 12-14 on bottom the large fit like a glove. It was probably one of the most comfortable dresses I've ever worn. Rocked it in Vegas and got a lot of compliments. I'll be buying more.


I will say this dress is beautiful & very well made. However, it is extremely thick! I was sweating wearing it in MICHIGAN, I can't imagine wearing it in Mexico, as I originally intended it for when buying it. It is extremely fitted, and while I believe it accentuated my shape well, it wasn't as comfortable as others suggested, perhaps due to the thickness of the material. I ordered a large. I am 5'7 and 200ish lbs. I felt it rode up a bit as I walked and made it look like I was "flooding". Overall, a beautiful, nicely made dress, just not the one for me!


