This dress is classy and elegant, yet it hugs your curves. You can feel like a lady, look feminine, and feel voluptuous all at once in this dress. I am 5' 4", 120 pounds with a curvy bottom and wear a 34 D bra. I ordered the size small and it is a perfect fit. This dress is beautiful!  I wore a 3 inch wedge shoe with it, as it is long. Highly recommend this dress. It will make your figure look gorgeous!!!


❤️ This dress!!!! Especially for the price! It's super comfy and looks really good on. I'm 5'7", size 4-6 (usually closer to a 6), 150lbs. The medium fits really well and hugs my curves perfectly. I will say though that if I lost as little as 4lbs it would probably be too big. This isn't one that you want to hang on your body; rather you want it to hug your curves. I highly recommend it! I will probably buy another in an alternate color. Enjoy ladies!


Love love loved it!


I got soooooo many compliments when I went to brunch


I love this dress. I purchased it for my trip to Mexico. I'm 5-7 180 and I usually wear a 10, so I purchased a large. It fits perfectly!!!


I purchased this beautiful dress to wear at a wedding and the pictures for my 15 year wedding anniversary! It's gorgeous! Fits perfect! I received so many compliments and the colors are amazing for my pictures!


I'm 5'9" and weigh 224. I ordered an XL because the measurements listed told me that this would fit perfect... AND IT DID!!! I'll admit, I was a little worried to it wouldn't fit or it would fit too snug around my belly but surprisingly, it fits amazingly! I love that the material isn't super thin but it's heavy enough to give great coverage while you're in the sun. I especially love that it just barely hits the floor.


I love this dress! It is so bright and beautiful.I bought it for a trip to Miami! The material is super comfy too! It is worth every dollar! I received so many compliments!!!


Nice dress, fits somewhat snug


I'm 5'9 its long enough for me


I wear a 16 in clothes and xl fits


This dress was PERFECT for my first trip to the Bahamas. After losing 123lbs in 13 months, this dress made me feel so FINE! LOL!! The stretchy material hugged all my curves! I absolutely LOVE THIS DRESS!!


I ordered this dress for a surprise Hawaiian themed birthday party I threw for my husband.  I was pleasantly surprised at the quality as soon as I took it out of the packaging.  I am 5ft. 6in. tall and wear a 4-6, so I ordered a small.  It fit perfectly and I got so many compliments on it!  I can't believe this dress was less than $25!  If you're considering buying it, don't hesitate!


