Definetly not as cute as i had imagined.. i really didn't like the ruffle on the top... would be much better as a tank dress.  I had to have it hemmed.. way too long for this short gal.. and i had a slit put up one side that made it better.


This dress is form fitting on me, and I will be wearing Spanx just to make sure there is no ripple effect lol! I am 5'7" 135lbs size 36C and clothing size 6.


see pictures attached.....I ordered 3 small and 1 medium. All fit great as they hug the body and look very nice. I got these a little bit smaller than I usually would d/t me having a set goal. I bought one and once it came I went and bought 3 more. Im a size 4/6 in dresses and 90cm bust 60 cm waist and 90cm hips.The length I love and how beautiful they are too! One ting though. when I ordered the blue dress with red roses, I didnt realize it was one shoulder type of dress but either way its still beautiful. very happy and will deff order from this seller again


I received my dress today. It's beautiful and fits my curved. But it had a hole in it on the opposite side of the zipper. I'm going to exchange for another. I'm 5'2 and weigh 160.


What an elegant dress! Perfect fit as it stretches to show off all your curves. I am 5'5" and am 131IB and I ordered a small. This dress is very long so definitely going to want to wear wedges. I'd say this is going to be one of my favorite dresses.


This dress fits perfectly.  It hugs the hips and is long enough.  The colors are vibrant and I like the fact you can ware the dress on and off the shoulders.  I would definitely recommend this dress for the Summer.


You would have thought I was part of the Polynesian wedding party. Great dress and fit in all the right places especially for a curvy girl.


I ordered smalls for both & fit perfectly aside from length being a little long but it happens being 5'1 haha but what's nice is you can pull it up & it won't be that noticeable or slap on a pair of heels/wedges! Material is very forgiving & thicker than you'd expect! Love! Love!


Size: Medium


My Bust: 34D-36D


My height: 5'3


Fits great, not too long(didnt have shoes on in the pic), breathable and light material, stretchy yet supportive material, and can be worn on most occasions!


Love this dress! I am 5'4 240 lbs 36 DDD "curvy" and it fits perfect, soft with a nice stretch to it!! For my thick or fluffy Diva's this is a winner for sure......I purchased the XL


