Wasn't expecting the material to be thick. I felt like I would have been sweating in the type of material it was made out of. If wasn't too tight but the fit was definitely off.


Beautiful! A bit long on me because I am 5'3", but nothing a little hemming wouldn't or can't fix. Overall I am very pleased with the make and fit of the dress. I am a size 14 and I got an XL, which was great, except for the length like I stated before .


Very pretty dress and the fabric feels nice, but unfortunately I have to return it.  I am 5'1 and it is about 4 inches too long.


Cheap material, loud obnoxious colors in person, terribly made zipper on side.


Picture looked more line black than a dark blue. The item arrived navy and there doesn’t seem to be as much white design as in the ad. The material is pretty cheap and almost see through. Good thing I’ll be wearing it at the beach and will probably not wear it again. It is not as fancy looking as the pictures.


Perfect fit.  Get your exact size.


I ordered bigger than normal it fits perfect except the hips are too big but I am going to have it taken in it will be perfect........


I love the thickness of the fabric on this dress. Being a little heavier than I normally am, I was worried about how form fitting this was. I wore some spanx under it, and had a ton of compliments on the cruise I wore it on! I also felt comfortable in the fit which is not typical for me and “form fitting” anything! Lol! I wish this exact dress was made in solid colors too so I could buy more for when I’m not in the Caribbean!


This dress is quite lovely. I was very pleased with the quality. I ordered one with another company and was very disappointed with the quality material. I usually wear (L) but ordered  (XL) and it's a bit roomy on the top as I'm not very busty. So i will get a  (L) nextt time. Now I can recommend this brand to others who have been disappointed with their previous purchases. I am definitely going to order some more.


Great buy !! Dress looks excatly as photographed and fits sleek . The only downside is the Material is a little thin, undergarments are somewhat visible


