Absolutely love the color on me love the way it fits I'm 5 5 and about 190 and I ordered a large


fit perfectly..i love it..i think i might buy different colurs


I love this dress. I am very curvy and I was so worried this would be too tight. I got an XL and it's perfect. Very stretchy. I'm a 40DD and this was perfect! I can't wait to get more and look awesome in Maui!


The perfect dress..the stretch, the design and material. All 5 stars


I am obsessed with this dress! I ordered it for my maternity photos with the hopes that it would fit around my bump and still look good. I'm 5'9" and wear a small to medium dress but it's SO HARD to find long dresses that are the right length, especially online, but I took a chance and ordered this one. So glad I did! Not only does it look so good on, it actually hits the floor instead of stopping right above my ankles like most "maxi" dresses! The stretchy material fits to my bump perfectly and I know it's gonna look just as beautiful after I deliver! Honestly I want to order it in multiple prints! Can't beat the price either!


I love it


So beautiful....colors are gorgeous.......size 12 or 14 in dresses order a large if you want fitted look....I ordered xlarge for extra room....nice material....put waist trainer underneath barely visable #LoveIt


Loved everything about this dress. I'm 5'10 and it's plenty long for me. I'm an American size 12-14 I ordered an XL it fits perfectly. Colors are vibrant and very good for photography. Very stretchy


LOve it ordered a XL I'm 5"7 210 fits snug love it


I read quite a few of these reviews before purchasing this dress.


Some of them over and over to try to decide which one to buy. I agree with most reviewers that this dress is made of nice weighty material, yet it is still nice for spring and summer. There are all types of body shapes and sizes represented in the reviews here. I won't say go up or down a size because we're all different. I will say that all the pictures with your measurements listed are a great help. I ordered the navy (looks black) floral dress. I'm  a size 10/12, size large top, size 8, 10, and 12 in shorts and pants. I'm 5'3", 150 pounds and 36D bra. My measurements are 39 bust, 35.5 waist and 41" in the hips. I do have a slight belly and my underarms are meaty.😊 I got the size xlarge to make sure the waist wasn't too tight. I could have used a large in the bust, shoulders, and underarms, but the xlarge waist fits perfectly. It's quite fitted. I think I'm gonna have to wear some kind of shaper. Otherwise my belly just pokes out and looks kinda bad. The dress is too long. I'm gonna have to take it to alterations and have at least one and a half to two inches cut off and hemmed. I like the way the dress looks though. I'm quite conservative in my dressing, so I'm anxious to see my husband's reaction when I wear this!😉


UPDATE: 6/13/17


Kept the dress. Had it altered and hemmed. When I stood to have the dress measured for hemming, I really noticed the shape of the xlarge dress. It's really made for a taller more fuller hipped woman.  It looked like "saddle bags" hanging low on my hips the way the dress was shaped. I had the seamstress to cut and taper both sides so they wouldn't stick out like "pockets." She had to remove and raise the zipper to accomplish this on the zippered side.  I know, it was only a $22.00 dress.😊 The finished product is beautiful though. It fits perfectly now. Glad I had it done. Would I do it again? No.😉💰


