I ordered this dress in April of 2017 took 3 weeks for them to deliver. The material is nice and the length of the dress is nice. The tag was not on the dress nor the size of the dress. I purchase extra large my weight is 150 pounds the dress was to small. I gave it to a friend she weighs my 125-pound the dress fit her beautiful!


Ok... this dress is amazing! I'm 5'8 usually about 135 lbs but I'm 5 months pregnant so I opted for a medium. I am not a big fan of maternity clothes and I was skeptical about this dress but its BEAUTIFUL! first off the material is thick (as in not see through) and thin enough for a hot day. Its stretchy.. hugs everything perfectly. And what topped it all off was the length. I'm a huge stickler for dresses that don't touch the floor. This dress covered my feet!! My husband loves when I wear this dress and I have gotten soooooooo soooooo sooooo many compliments. Definitely buying another one :)


I am skeptical about ordering online because I need to try things on due to having a curvy body.  But I decided to give it a try since they give free returns. I am 5ft 4 1/2in tall and a size 14 jeans. I ordered a large to be safe and it fit great. Actually if I loose a few it will fit too loose. But the quality is good and the shipping was excellent.  It arrived in 2 to 3 days


This is a beautiful dress. Material is of nice quality and fits me perfectly. Since I'm 5'11 it's hard finding dresses that fit my height. This dress reached below my ankles and hits the floor  allowing my to wear sandles or wedges. Will be purchasing more in different colors, I'm getting summer ready!


Really great stretch. I am 8 months pregnant and wore for baby shower it stretch but the fabric faded alittle white at my stomach because I am pregnant. But goes right back when I take it off. Sure I will be able to wear after pregnancies. Nice buy. While be purchasing again.


Was pleasantly surprised at how well this is made and fit for the price, stretches to fit the body well and flares toward the bottom almost mermaid style, very flattering.


I normally don't write reviews but this dress is absolutely gorgeous!


I'm 156cm 5'1?5'2? and 136 pounds.


I think I can wear small size of this dress but medium has more room but still fits great!


I basically wear;


US women's tops 6-8, S or M size or US youth L or XL.


Jeans 27inch.


Bra 34DD.


I'm short so I'll wear 4inch sandles:)


If you are my height, you cannot wear flat shoes with this dress.


And if you aren't sure S or M, I recommend to get M.


Fabric is enough thick too.


I am absolutely obsessed with this dress. I am 5’9” and about 150 pounds and ordered a small. The dress material hugs my curves perfectly and feels very well made. The colors are gorgeous and I feel so comfy in it. I’m buying other colors ASAP haha :)


Not easily impressed but I am ecstatic at how well this fit. Bought this for a Caribbean cruise in August. Cant wait to wear it. Im 5'8'', 168 lbs with an hourglass slim build and this dress fits like I had it tailored for me in a medium. Im dosappointed the color I reeaally wanted isnt available in my size but the color I got a also beautiful. Just enough stretch to forgive my hips. No riding up no bunching no unwanted features. Go for it ladies


I bought this dress for my trip to Hawaii in April.  It is so beautiful...fits as expected as the fabric is a stretchy material, however I am 5’2” and the dress is pretty long and I thought the dress had a black background, but it was more of a dark blue.  I was able to find matching shirts for my husband and son to wear for a luau, so it didn’t bother me that the color was dark blue instead of black, but I wish the description would have added the background color...it looks black in the photo.  Needless to say, I am still happy with the purchase despite having to pay to get it shortened.  I am looking forward to wearing it to the luau next month!


