I loved the fit. The material was nice and not cheapy looking. It was nice and long. I am 5'6" and it covered my feet just how I like it. I bought a large and I am 160lbs. Showed off all my curves! Definitely would recommend!!!


I get so many compliments. If you have curves this is the dress for them. It's LONG so I cut it. I'm 4' 11" 120 pounds. Even though I had to cut it I give it 5 cuz it's perfect!  See the pictures.


I wore this to a family BBQ and got complimented all day and night.  It hugs you in all the right places too. You can dress this up or down. The material is good too, as it is not see-thru at all.


LOVE this dress, I am 5'6'' and 215 I ordered XL ans it fits perfectly. I want to order more in different colors! Perfect for vacation!


Wow!! So hard for me to order clothes online but this is the BEST purchase I have ever made on Amazon! I ordered small and am 5'3, weight is 135 and 36D and it is stunning!!! My husband is in a trance ;) Love love love!!


It's fine dress. The price matchs the quality. Mediocre. The flowers pattern doesn't match


Such a cute dress for the price! The material is stretchy and clings to your body which makes it fit perfectly and look very sexy on. I love it and will be wearing it on my next vacation!


The dress is pretty and I love he colors however the dress fits really tight.. I purchased XL for some wiggle room and there wasn't any but other wise a good dress


Very sexy. Great fit. I'm happy I did not get a large because it would have been too big. I'm s medium size and purchased a medium. My husband loved the  fitted look at my waist and hips.  I purchased 4 in different colors.  Perfect for the summer and for outside concerts.


Absolutely love this dress! I was nervous ordering it because I really like to try things on first before buying. However I glad I went ahead with the purchase. It truly is true to size, so whatever size you are order it don't go up or down in size. I like how you can wear it either off or on the shoulders especially if your busty Lol! picture doesn't do justice. Can't wait to wear it!


