Good quality material. Make sure you follow the cleaning instructions because the dress looks like the colors will bleed into one another. I noticed a strong smell of dye. I'm 5'7" 198lbs and the length is perfect it sweeps across the top of my feet. Fits perfectly over my curves I'm pear shaped with 47" hips I ordered the XL. Love them. I ordered 2 colors I'll be buying more colors for such a good price.


Fit is beautiful, however, it was a bit too long even though I wore heels with it. I just got it professionally hemmed and it was perfect. Can be worn as a casual dress as well for a beach/summer party!


Really pretty dress. I ordered because I'm going to a tropical vacation soon and thought this would look fantastic. It does look very nice on and shipped great. Just like the other reviews, it is very long. (I am 5'1" 155 lbs 34DD) if this helps anyone. I definitely have to get it hemmed. Now the reason I am giving it 4 stars is because of the size chart. I took my chest, hips, and waist measurements and according to the chart I am a Large (what I ordered).  I think a medium would have fit better in my opinion. The fabric is stretchy and very flattering. I do recommend. Just maybe size down one.


I ordered this dress a few days ago and I received just in time for my husband's homecoming. I recommend getting this dress. It truly is an amazing dress. Order it and I promise you won't regret it. In regards to the size, I ordered a large and it fit just right. I loved the way it hugged my curves.


Absolutely love this dress. I’m curvy and it fits perfect.! I ordered an extra large but I have a little stomach so I crinkled it up in the front to make it look like it was there. I will be ordering another one really soon.


I have seen the reviews and every single one is justified...This is one of those items and Amazon that is not only quality but you will be so happy with the purchase  you will not be able to stop smiling... When the other customers said it fil like a "GLOVE" they were telling the truuuuuuth.... This is a great buy and I stand buy the product. Ladies you will not need to hesitate with this purchase, just choose the color..YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED !!!!!


Love this dress! I bought it to wear on a Mexican vacation. The material is just like a bathing suit. There is a seam running the entire length of the dress down the back (I think it's the back, there is no tag). The dress is about 6 inches too long, I'm very short, and am used to it being long, but the seemed extra long. I'm getting it hemmed but still really like it.


This Dress is Amazing


I'm a size 14 and I ordered the large.


I felt and looked beautiful.


I received so many compliments.


The material is great, not cheaply made. The dress fit perfect and beautifully. I am 4'11 about 180 and purchased the large. It was a little long but with some wedges, it fit perfect in length. This dress is gorgeous and looks great in all the right places.


I have a DDD top, and I love buying dresses  that have ruffles. THIS DRES IS AMAZING!!!!!! It fits my body like a glove and sucks my stomach in =. I look SNATCHED!! I was not expecting that at all. I can even wear this without a bra and it holds me up and supports my bust. I'm in love and I will be buying another one soon!


I totally recommend!


