Purchased to wear in Miami. Wore it on a sunset dinner cruise & it was perfect! Perfect dress for any tropical vacation or beach trip. Easy to dress up with heels & accessories or down with flip flops & hair in a bun. (5’5” 135 pounds & small fit perfect)


I love everything about this dress.  It looks just like the picture. Colors are beautiful and it fits amazing.  I ordered a size Medium and I usually wear a medium to large depending on how it’s made, size 9/10 sometimes 11 in bottoms because I have wide hips.  I ordered two dresses and I was unsure of the size to order so I got one in a medium and one in a large. I should have gotten both medium.


Nice dress I would have given it 5 stars but the stiching was bunched up around the top. Fortunately I know how to sew  I had to rip it out  and stich it back.  Other than that it's a nice dress.  I will probably order another onel


Love the design, fit, and fabric. For me, it was true to size...It does fit tight, but very flattering. Get it!


Really beautiful dress with vibrant colors and a considerable amount of stretch. It fits more mermaid style on me compared to the picture but I still love it.


Yaaasss all the way! 2 weeks after having my third baby I was able to put this in an feel confident. It sucks in the middle area and the print disguises it, at least for me. I only have a small amount of of extra fat, about 10lbs.


This dress is not flowy at the bottom like shown. It has a tight mermaid flare bottom. Tight through the middle then flares out at the knee.  Not at all like shown in the picture.


This dress is absolutely gorgeous. I am 5'9 252 and i ordered an xl. It fits wonderfully. It has a nice stretch to it. I love the length being a tall girl.


Loved the fit and colors, dress was a hit when I wore it to an African Dance festival. I'm size 8-10 in dresses, purchased a medium, fit the festival theme and my curves so well lol... love it! Ladies I'm 5'4", 180 lbs and 42in - 32.5in - 46in measurements. Hope that information helps someone as I know it can be tough trying to determine the best size.


