You have to admit, when dealing with a clothing company on Amazon with whom you are not familiar, it is a bit of a gamble.  Even if you scour the mostly positive reviews, there's always always someone's comment that keeps you from being 100% confident.


This dress was worth that gamble.  The material is not too thin, not too thick.  I have to admit, it is of a thicker material than I anticipated and I was surprised with the quality of the garment.  It is in no way see through material.  The material has quite a bit of stretch, but is in no way flimsy.  I purchased the navy and white scroll work - 61189-6 Print.  This print is very forgiving.  I am 5'9", broad shouldered, and a bit top heavy.  I purchased an XL and it fit wonderfully.  This dress style is forgiving, flattering, and I believe it could be dressed up or down.


I can easily recommend this dress from this company in particular.


Wow...this dress is absolutely stunning. I'm 17 weeks pregnant and I've gained a little more weight than I would like at this stage. It's made me feel a bit insecure and the moment I put this dress on, I felt so beautiful. I'm celebrating my bday this weekend as well as Mother's Day and this dress is perfect for the occasions. I just ordered two more in different patterns and probably will order one of each pattern very soon. I'm usually a sz lg and I ordered x-lg to make sure my baby bump would fit and it did with room for growth.


I love love this dress got so many compliments. Great fit and exactly as the picture


Love it!!! I got so many compliments on this beautiful dress.


This dress is so pretty and vibrant..  I can't wait to wear this dress with my colorful Aftican Earrings..  The dress is true to size, perfect length for heels, and the fabric is durable with soft quality!  I ordered a large and I'm 5'7 at 165 pounds.


The dress was fantastic for the price.  I usually wear a medium, but decided to buy a large to be o the safe side. The day of the party I was wishing I had ordered an extra large!  The dress was VERY tight around my hips (I am small boned and wear a 6 or 8 size pants) so I would keep that in mind when ordering.  Other than that, the quality was great, it washed fantastic and was a great value for the money.


Love , love , love this dress!! I am only 5ft tall & weigh 155lbs & the medium fit me perfectly ! The dress is super comfy & very flattering to my curves . The dress can be adjusted for height because of the material you can pull it up above the breast area and hide it under the top layer that hangs off the shoulders . I wore it with wedges so it fit perfectly however in the photo I had no shoes on but it looked great either way ! I purchased this for my daughters moana birthday party .with the Hawaiian theme & I loved it so much I also purchased it in the teal color !


My dress came in 2 days just in time for my cousin's wedding and it was a very reasonable item. I love the stretchy fit and the colors. The only issue I had was that the dress was absolutely too long and I had to get it taken up. I'm 4'10 so dresses are always too long. I was not disappointed with my order.


Dear fellow curvy ladies, if you want to feel like SLAYING.... Please do yourself a favor and BUY THIS DRESS! :) I am pretty critical of myself in general, but I have to say, I put this dress on and I could not help but say dayummmmm to the reflection in the mirror!! Lol I am particularly thrilled with the length of this dress!! I am 6' tall with a 37" inseam and to say that I can NEVER find ANYTHING long enough for under $50.00 is an understatement lol but this dress goes all the way to the ground on me! WOOP WOOP! I lost my Dad about 5 weeks ago and was depression shopping on amazon :) I had had this dress on my "list" for about six months but kept telling myself it wouldn't look good on me. Well, finally I said hell with it and bought it! And I am beyond happy that I did! The red dress with the black geometric print is F.A.B.U


L.O.U.S!! My towboatin darlins chin hit the ground when I came out in it :) I have purchased two more in different prints lol I am obssesed! :)


I'm happy with this dress...fast delivery nice material and nice package.


I'm 5' 148lbs medium fits awesome and I'm post operative hysterectomy 1 week in pic.


