I really like the dress - nice material and I feel it's flattering! I wear a size 12 and purchased an x-large for a looser look. If you want tight or a more fitting look - large will work. Can't wait for hawaii next month!


The style of the dress looks like the photo however on my screen the color looks blk/wht (Tendal) but when the dress arrived it is blue/wht. Also the material is more like a spanx or compresion fabric with a STRONG hold (no tummy sucking undergarment needed). I struggled to put it on (maybe because I didnt find the side zipper until I took it back off) but once on, it does not fit or look tight. I'm also not sure if I like the fabric. It looks a LITTLE cheap because the sheen on the dress reminds me of shiny workout cloths. This dress comes in several other color that I wanted to try but based on the fabric of this one I will hold off. Overall I will still rock this dress.


I so wanted to love this dress. The models dress flares at the waist...this is misleading because that's not the case in real life. This dress is very straight, but leaves enough room to walk. Wish the material had a little more cotton vs polyester. Looks cheap. No tag to distinguish front from back. Overall average, but inexpensive.


Absolutely AMAZING !!! Wore this on a night out in Puerto Rico and received SO many compliments! Great material, not cheap feeling at all, lol. Definitely was feeling myself in this ! I wear a 2x normally but I'm 5'6, 230lbs and the XL fit me perfectly!


I really like this dress, I originally ordered the African print one, but I'm not really curvy so it didn't flatter my stomach area. I think because this one seems to flow a little more and it has the belt, I didn't have that problem. I'm 5'10" typically size 8 or 10 dress, and the XL fit me great, the material is very stretchy, and it's the perfect length to wear with flats. Just a note, the XL in the African print was a little big around the bust area for me, but this one in XL fit perfect.


So pissed. Took it out of the package to try it on and it was a big hole!!!! Took it out of the package and the left side of the zipper was a wide gapping hole like it was not stitched up all the way (1st picture laying on the bed). Tried it on and it was gorgeous but, I put it back in the package and mailed it back. The only reason I gave it two Star is that it was a nice material and it seemed like it was a good quality other than that problem but I'm pissed because it was my birthday gift. I want another one, but scared that I might end up getting another one with the same or worse issues.


Ok. I already had a dress to wear to a wedding, but it needed alterations, which would have cost me about 25 bucks. So I went on Amazon, and found this beauty for the same amount.  Let me say one thing. BUY THIS DRESS.  I am 5 foot 5, 127 pounds, pear shaped. I ordered the SMALL. This dress looks like a MILLION BUCKS. It hugs all the right curves, but the material is a good thickness that hangs beautifully, and  is not see through. The colors are true to the pictures on Amazon.  I am SO excited to wear it, and can't believe how inexpensive it is.  It is LONG so if you're a little on the shorter side like me, you'll need heels. If you're taller than 5ft 5 you could probably wear flats. GET THIS DRESS.


I got this dress for a Florida wedding and received so many compliments. I'm 5'9" 180lbs and ordered an XL after reading reviews and wanting a less tight dress for the occasion. I did have to have it taken in on the hips as there was extra material that gave it a weird shape.  I love this dress so much. I wish I had more places to wear it.  It is long and went all the way to the floor wearing my wedge sandals so short women get it hemmed. It's so worth it.


This dress is so cute!! My daughter received so many compliments on it! The fabric is of great quality, the colors were vibrant and it fit just the way we expected it to. She wore this for an "Aloha" pageant and used this dress for theme wear and it looked great on stage too!!


Love love love I got so many compliments ... wore it today for a Mother's Day diner 2017


