My one year anniversary is coming up, and we were talking about going back to Hawaii (where we honeymooned). I began searching for Hawaiian dresses. This one is by far my favorite. I'm 5'8" and this dress is plenty long! I am 160#, typically a size 8/M, the medium is little snug. Still keeping!


Omg this dress is amazingly beautiful. The material is a nice thick material and it's just the right length with plenty of room and stretch. I'm 5'8, 220lbs, 38DD and I ordered the XL. It looks small when I too out of the package but when I tried it on I was so shocked. I can't wait to wear this in the Bahamas next month. I will post a pic when I do. **Update** Wore this dress 11-11-17 on a cruise. And it was simply beautiful.


Comfortable and true to size (Medium is a true medium, where lots of similar items say "medium" but are actually "small"). It even has a side zip if you need that. Good arm coverage and super comfy. I bought the "Botanic Print" and get compliments from total strangers every time I wear. Bonus if you are short, you can just cut off some of the hem and use leftover fabric as a headband/hair-tie.  The fabric doesn't fray or ravel, so I also - CAREFULLY and with good shears - cut about 20" from the bottom at the very edge of the overlocked side seam for a cute slit (if you do that, reinforce the area of seam at the top of the slit with stitch or safety pin). YMMV


I love this dress! I ordered 3 different dresses and this is the only one that was long enough for my 6' frame. The print is beautiful and the style is flattering. It is tight on my midsection which isn't my favorite part of my body but that is the style. Makes my butt look great!


Absolutely love his dress.  Gives a great summer vibe while wearing it.  People could not believe I purchased from Amazon or the cost of it!


It's a beautiful dress, especially for the price.  I think it runs small, but it depends on how clingy you like your dresses.  I prefer not to wear Spanx so I ordered an XL and I'm not an extra large person.  I also had to have it hemmed since I'm only 5'4".  I would definitely recommend the dress as it is good quality and the print is beautiful.


For $26.00, my expectations weren't very high, but I pleasantly surprised with this dress. It's 95% polyester/5% spandex. The material is light weight and soft.  I bought the navy floral version, and it is very vibrant, perfect for a tropical party. I'm 5'8" and 150 pounds, bought a large.  The large scrapes the ground in bare feet, will be fine with small heels. I probably could have gone down to a medium, for a more body-con look.


Very nice dress however it was very long so I had to get it hemmed. This fit is great, I am 5'4", 122 lbs & purchased a size small!


I was just browsing Amazon one day and came across this gorgeous dress.  From reading other reviews, I took a chance and purchased this dress.  The quality and design of the fabric was great...which was as expected.  However, I ended up giving it to a friend.  The dress did fit, but it was larger in some areas (bust/hips) than I preferred.  I would definitely recommend this dress to others, but it may be more visually appealing on those with a larger bust and hips.  For reference, I am 5'9, 160lbs and ordered a medium.


I'm 190 lbs 5'7 with 36i bra and got a Large. It fit great. Great material.  Very long for the tall girls out there.  I put on 3-4 inches wedges and it still hit the floor.  First pic is flat foot.  Second is with the wedges on.


