This dress is simply beautiful. I received a lot of compliments, it was flattering for my curves, and very comfortable. It's also true to size. I wore it while we were in the Cook Islands.


Absolutely thrilled with this purchase and it fits beautifully.  I am so excited to wear this for my upcoming VEGAS trip in June.  I am short 5'2 and the length is perfect.  I have a large bust and wasn't sure what size to get.  Usually wear 12-14 (sometimes 16)in pants and X-XL in tops.  I went ahead and ordered an XL to be on the safe side and I couldn't  be happier.  Great quality and form fitting.  Will definitely order again!!


I'm 5'2 180 lbs and currently 35 weeks preggo. I ordered a large based off of the reviews but I could've easily fit a medium because the material is super soft and stretchy. That way I could wear it even after my baby arrives. I will definitely b ordering another one because I loveeeee this dress. It's perfect and so cheap (but it doesn't look cheap). Can't wait to take my maternity pictures in it. Highly recommend!!!


**please excuse my dirty mirror I was too excited to try it on lol


The dress fit perfectly and comfortablely!! I got many compliments. The fabric starches but does not become see through. Made of good quality. Since I'm 5 feet tall I did have to get it hemmed as with most long dresses I buy. I love that Amazon sells the same dresses and outfits that my local boutique does just at reasonable prices.


I just got this dress today as a gift from my husband. I got it in an XL and I normally wear a dress size 16. I am 5'4 and the dress is long but I can work with it by folding it a bit in the abdomen area. This dress is absolutely amazing! I literally just tried it on and my husband walked in and his mouth dropped. It hugs your curves in ALL the right places & Its very flattering for my figure. The ruffle part that hangs off the shoulder is very comfortable and is not too tight or ill-fitting at all, there is a zipper on the side which I thought was odd given the type of stretchy fabric that it is. I highly suggest you purchase this dress!


So I purchased this dress in May 2017. I finally wore Sept 2017 in Cuba and I must say " I was HOT " Everyone loved my dress and it complimented my shape. This dress is made for dancing ALL night long. If you don't get compliments or hit on all night, then you wore the wrong dress. 100% would buy again and the price was a steal! I ordered a Large I'm 5'5 and weigh 168lbs I could have gone with a medium based off the measurements chart but I wanted to make sure I can breath. 😊


Absolutely amazing! The fabric was thick and forgiving and was not see through. The color is rich and bright. It's just long enough to touch the floor, but not too long where you can't walk. It's stretchy and has a zipper. I wore this as an off the shoulder, tube top, & a one sleeve dress. I'm buying it again in another print! I'm 5' 6" & wear a size 16 pant and ordered the XL.


I love this dress got lot of compliment  I am size 14/16 WOMAN so I got a XXlarge got lot of stretch material so I could have gotten a Xlarge


Will try & make this detailed as possible for my ladies. I’m 5’7, 221 lbs. I ordered an XL which for my form was great. The feel is great, I like the smooth/softness of the material. The dark shade in the dress isn’t actually black, it’s looks more of a dark navy blue in person. It’s a little on the long side, so heels would be a perfect match if you’re about my height. I love the off the shoulder look. My bust is 38D so I opted to not wear a bra and had no side boob issues at all. Fell smooth over my curves so it’s a yes for me. Can be worn to just about any event. Cruise, dinner date with a spouse, etc.


