Beautiful dress !! Great fit I'm 5'5 without heels the dress drags but I'm always in heels so not an issue....beautiful stunning colors nice thick supportive material you will not regret this purchase!


❤️this dress!!!  I wore it to celebrate me and my husband's 20th anniversary!!  It was just perfect and I felt so beautiful!  Many compliments from my husband and family!


Beautiful dress! This print is super gorgeous! I got in an XL....I'm like a 10-12 in dress because of my bust area! It fits okay!! The problem I had with this dress was the fact that mine wasn't tagged with the size so I had no idea of knowing whether or not it was true to size...to me it fit more like a medium!! I may send it back and order another just to see! I'm wondering if anyone else had the same issue where the size tag wasn't in the dress???


Is true to size . I weight 225 pounds , I bought xl. My height is 5.3, I'm a shorty so I have to take it to the tailor for to cut it. I love this dress, hug my curves.


Beautiful all occasion dress!  Love the style, fit and material - will be purchasing future dresses!


GORGEOUS DRESS! Fits like a glove. I'm 5'10" and 250lbs.


Lovely quality for the price. The dress is beautiful and I love the fit. I am 5'5" 155lbs and purchased a medium. I feel very comfortable and sexy in this dress so I plan to buy it in most of the colors offered.


I am 5'2 and 145lbs so I ordered the small. It fits perfect! I will be ordereding other colors.


This dress is so beautiful the colors are amazing, not to mention the cut of the dress , all together this shouts wow. I look amazing not to mention very sexy .I love this dress . Its perfect for a romantic evening on the town or an evening walk on the beach.  I recommend this dress to all the romantics at heart out there. If i have helped you in some small way with your decision to purchase this beautiful dress . [...]THANK YOU


Pretty dress, I order xl..I wear 14. It has room in it from under breast area to the midsection.


