I would LOVE to post a photo here (for some reason mine are never chosen, which is a shame) because this dress is probably one of my very favorite finds.  I have lost my waistline after four children, but the contours of this dress make me look like a shapely young teenager.  It is comfortable, classy, a PERFECT length.  I purchased the navy/white geometric and the vibrant large-bloomed floral prints and they are stunning.  Highly recommended, and I am looking forward to seeing if this merchant sells other items, because each dress came neatly folded in its own opaque zippered bag.  First class, all the way.


I am 5'3 about 140lbs and I ordered a Med. It fits nicely and actually looks like the picture. it fits a bit tighter than I anticipated, but still a very nice dress. In some areas where it fits more snuggle (my butt) the dress stretches and you can see the white lines (imagine coloring a rubber band, then stretching it). but no one should be looking at my butt anyway, right? lol


I ADORE this dress ...purchased for my honeymoon trip in Hawaii, and wore it several times. The dress fit my 5'11 frame perfectly, which is so hard to find dresses long enough. Material stretches in all the right places to form to your body. I'll be buying more...


This is a beautiful dress and fit my daughter perfectly. She looked amazing and got so many compliments.


The fit if the dress is great, thick material notnsee throigh. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the dress is very long. But still a great purchase can't wait to wear it. Sexy and flattering


Based on feedback from others on the site, I purchased an Xtra Large.  I am 5'9", 190 lbs...I have a small pooch and the dress fits just right - the pattern takes away from the stomach area and still shows my shape - purchased for an upcoming cruise.


Looks amazing on me love the outfit pefect for the summer


You know you have a nice dress when you can go on a trip from across the world and someone is wearing it but in a different color floral pattern. Lol she purchased her's from Amazon as well. I'm 5'3 and she said she's 5'6 and we both looked great.


I'm 5 ft 8 and 123 lbs. The small fits perfectly. Length wise it drops and covers the top of my feet when I'm barefoot. Looks exactly like the pic. I bought the white floral and tye dye looking blue and they look exactly like they do on the model.


i bought an XL and I love the way the dress fits the material is very stretchy. Im 8 months pregnant so in the stomach area due to the extra stretching the material became just a little translucent nothing major. Also Im 5'4 and the length of the dress worked perfect for me.


