I am 5'10, 200lb, very curvy and it is very very hard to find nice maxi dresses reasonably priced.  I am very happy with this purchase the dress comes pass my ankle which is rare for me.  I ordered a size larger, XL, so that the dress would fall very nicely over my hips, therefore, giving me more length.  I am considering ordering another one because this dress is so comfortable, very well made and elegant


So beautiful. Perfect size I wear a large and ordered a large. I am not wearing shoes in the picture and that's how long that is.


This is a gorgeous dress. It is extremely flattering on tall, hour glass shaped women (very long). The colors on the white dress are vibrant and the flowers are beautiful. You could seriously get married in an informal beach wedding in this dress. I can't stop looking at myself in this one. Wow.


This dress is GORGEOUS! I'm 5'7 about 160lbs and ordered a medium. It hugs all my curves just right!


GAH - this dress is so gorgeous.  It's well-made, good solid material and fits perfectly.  I received many compliments, but more importantly, I just felt GOOD in it!  For reference: I am wearing a Large, I'm 5'10", I weigh 160 pounds and was wearing 2.5" inch wedges with it.  It swept the floor perfectly, and the shoulders stayed down on my arms without sliding up, or being too tight.


Amazing dress!!! Perfect time with my husband, kids and friends. The size is right to me. I'm petite but y have hips so and I used my favorite yellow plataform shoes. Thanks Amazon for delivered at time. Time to say I Love my floral dress of Bodycom!!!!


I ordered the dark navy dress in XL. It looks nothing like picture. The dress I received is lighter & the ruffle is about half as wide as pictured. The top is tight the stomach area loose & the butt area good, legs are narrow & calf area super narrow. It's shaped like a reverse hourglass figure. Just a little stretch makes it look bright blue. The pattern is almost as pictured but more hawaiian looking. The fabric is typical stretchy bathing suit fabric.


This dress is gorgeous. It is well made the material is sick it is not see-through. It is a little bit long but I love it for the summer time I wore it for my anniversary on the beach and I got so many compliments it is gorgeous I wish I had five of these dresses you should get five.


I'm 5' 7" & 36" hip, so I ordered a medium, but a small would have fit just fine. This dress is a great choice for taller & curvy people: the off-the shoulder give you room to adjust the dress's length a bit, and it's not a simple sheath cut, but a mermaid cut, so it hugs curves.


Dress is stretchy, and has an under-arm side zipper, which I honestly haven't needed to use. Dress is better quality than I was expecting!


