I wore for my birthday. It was the perfect choice. I was worried at first. Not sure what to expect. The dress was beautiful.


Cute, gets compliments every time. I'm a little shy wearing it because I feel like the form-fitting shape shows my belly, but no one else seems to notice; I think I'm just not used to the cut. My boyfriend loves it and asks me to wear it every weekend, so reviews from others are very good.


5'10", 160lbs, L fits snugly but not too small.


Love this dress! It's form fitting in the right places. I haven't worn it out yet, I received it today and simply tried it on. I'm 5'3" and it's a bit long but I just pulled it up a bit under the ruffles and it was perfect. The material is light and fresh, but still thick to where it's not see through in any way. I love this I would definitely recommend. I am 5'3" and weigh 148 pounds. I ordered a medium. I hope this helps !


Pretty maxi dress, color very vibrant and bright. material good weight with adequate  stretch. if your tall should have not problem with length. if your 5'3 and under, it going to be very long. Overall good product.


I liked it, but had to return it. Not for the large chested. The ruffle didnt cover my chest and the pattern stretched there and lost color. If you're medium to small chested I bet this would be perfect.,


This dress is absolutely stunning. I bought this dress for an event and received compliment after compliment. I'm 5'9 and 205lbs..the L was a perfect fit. The material stretches. It's also very long. I wore sandals and found myself picking up my dress from the ground to keep from damaging it. I've ordered from the seller before and I trust their quality. Therefore I wasn't hesitant to make this purchase. I definitely will order my styles.


I'm 22 weeks pregnant with my third child and my belly is very big being the third pregnancy. I currently weigh 169 pounds and 36DDD bra.  I ordered medium and still have lots of room in this dress. I love it. I had to order two more lol in other colors. I got it on Friday and rock it to church on Sunday. I got lots of compliments on this.


I love it! the material is nice and stretchy not to thin.  It runs somewhat big.  I normally can fit a large but ordered a medium based on the review. Medium fits well however the small may have been a little more snug fitting.  Over all great buy will definitely purchase other colors.


This dress fit perfectly and I received a plethora of compliments. The material and the way how it flowed with movement was impeccable...


I am 5'8 at 170 pounds.


This is a pretty dress, better material than what I expected, came in 2 weeks, off shoulder part is a little small and tight according to dress measurements but still looks pretty.


