Purchased this dress for an upcoming trip (fuschia w black crooked lines) . Fits great. I went a size up xl but fits like a large.. Cute dress though.. My measurements are 39 33 48.. And 5.7 tall. Oh yeah ..and the dress went to the floor. So it was a nice length. Im 190 lbs


i like the fit and the style however the obly thing I was not too happy about was the color. it is a duller blue than what I see displayed so that was not impressive


It's really cute got a large and probably should have gotten a medium it's a little big on top and in the hip area...I'm 5'5 and about 155 pounds...it's really long so it's great for taller women. I want to purchase another color!


I love this dress, it fits a little tight in the mid-section. Can't wait to wear it this weekend in St.Thomas.


Ideal for tall women. My only complaint is that they are not consistent. I bought a L and XL because I was not sure about my chest fitting (38F) and the arm holes on the XL are smaller than the L and the hanging fabric at tge chest is significantly smaller than the L. But great fit on both.


Love love love this dress...wearing it on a cruise to dinner...it's a little big but feels great. I had it altered because it was way too long. Can't wait for my hubby to see it. I paired it with a pearl necklace and bracelet.


I'm a 14-16 and this dress stretches very well. Be ware that if you buy it too small the dress will stretch to fit BUT it turns white as it stretches.


This is a very beautiful dress! Material is excellent quality. I am 5'1 and weigh 110. Small frame. I used the size chart and ordered a medium for the relaxed fit, instead of small which would have been more stretched. I am glad i chose this because the dress fits absolutely perfect! Totally love it! 


I really like this dress. I am going to Costa Rica. I think it will look great! I'm 5'5, 165lbs. And I got a medium. It fits wonderfully. The material feels nice. And the shipment came on time as promised.


I am a size 12, I weight 180 pounds I order a size Med and it was just right . Love everything about his dress. Just Beautiful.


