normal size 10-12. I ordered a large and sent it back for a medium.  very nice and sexy.  its long all the way to the floor and it fits the curves really nice.  my stomach looks flatter with the off the shoulder flare.  I will be ordering more.  I wish it also came in solid colors.


Loved this dress! I never write reviews, but this was such a great Amazon purchase that I wanted to share. It fits nice and snug as you would imagine, but the floral pattern helps hide any areas you don't feel are flattering like the stomach.  Bought this for a tropical trip and got a lot of compliments. The off the shoulder sleeves stay in place well. So comfortable, and it was the perfect length to wear sandals or heels. (I'm 5'4).


I am 5' 5" and I bought a small,  it's a perfect fit and everyone loved it.  So worth every penny and more. I wore it to my BBQ fundraiser and everyone loved it.


Great quality!! Fits well and looks awesome!!


I've got a big pregnant belly and I love how this dress shows off my big curves. It's got a nice stretch. And it's true to color. Didn't realize there is a zipper down the Right side.. just hoping that it doesn't pop as my belly still has more time to grow. Overall, I am really excited to wear this dress.


Returned it. Please note this does not mean you shouldn't get the dress but I was expecting a different kind of material.


I never post pics but i love this dress and it fits GOOD fabric is great usually wears a large but i went up a size please buy it i am 5'7 and it hits the floor.


I am in love with this dress!! I want to order it in a few of the other prints now too!! This is the first time I have ever bought a dress off Amazon. I read all the reviews and decided to give it a try. I'm very pleased with it. The fabric is nice,  smooth and stretchy. I am a size 10/12 and usually wear a large. I went with my normal size and it fit perfectly!


This dress is brighter in person and the pattern us too much for the whole dress and it's made cheap not with cotton it also runs small Im returning mine


Got many compliments on this at my baby shower.  Bought a size larger than normal to accommodate my 8 month pregnant self and it was perfect.  Thank you!


