The dress fit perfectly for XL.  I could have went with the the Large but I wanted to be safe.  I couldn't keep the off-shoulders down due to the elasticity of the dress but it still was a win for me.  I decided to wear flat sandals and then dress it up with heels later that evening.


I like this dress and it is as shown on the picture. I should have ordered a small instead of a medium because I'm losing inches but that was my mistake. It fit my body great. Soft material with some stretch


Love, Love, Love it! It fits my body shape perfectly. Can't wait to wear it.


5'7 150 ordered size large. Fits perfect and it fits Me like it fits the model. Good material and nice a long like I prefer.


This dress could be great. It should be great. The fabric and print are nice. The issue is, the end of the side zipper leaves a weird bump in the fabric that doesn't sit flat on the hip. I had to send it back.


This dress is so awesome!! I can wear the neckline multiple ways, and it fits like a glove. It isn't tight, but rather falls in just the right places! I get so many compliments on it every time I wear it out!!


This dress was worn for my bridal shower & I absolutely loved it! It fits in the right places!!


This dress Is beautiful.  Fits perfectly.  Price is great . Summer must have.  Can't wait to wear this around the resort.


This dress gave me life even though it was a little big I received so many compliments, every wanted to know where did I purchase it from when I told them Amazon they couldn't believe it I will be ordering another one this dress made me feel as if I was on a tropical island drinking a refreshing virgin mojita. Please buy it you will be pleased


I LOVE IT. I ordered a large. I'm about 5'10 and 180lbs, I've got a bit of a Booty in the back but my chest is a 38B. The dress fits great although I am going to flatten the tummy just a bit more so I don't have to wear spanx. The chest area is a little loose if I cross my arms in the front but just standing it looks phenomenal- just gotta be careful if I'm bending over and picking something up.


