I received so many compliments on this dress. Although I LOVE it, it fit a little bit smaller than expected. I am 5'6 and about 155 lbs. The rubber around the off-shoulders area also became increasing tight as the night progressed. Luckily, it looks just as good off the shoulders or on. :)


Buy this dress what are you waiting on I was a little hesitant about this dress because I'm a skinny girl and I had a Hawaiian themed graduation dinner to go to! Once I got the dress I was instantly happy I got so many compliments hands down I rocked it out it fit perfectly I am ordering another today the material is awesome and you will not run into anyone wearing what you are wearing because everyone shopping at the same store lol


Beautiful material and so classy.  Does not mask your stomach pouch so if you have a mommy belly it will not be flattering. I have such a belly but I'm keeping it since I'm ever optimistic that one day I'll lose it!  So pretty that I just cannot return it!


Love this dress! I initially bought it for a birthday luau genes party and received compliments all day. It's a thick "swim suit" like material and hugs your curves (good and bad, lol) and very vibrant! I love the off the shoulder look right now and this dress does justice. I like it so much I ordered another dress in different pattern. It is quite long and would work with wedges. I, however, wore flat sandals with mine and didn't mine the length. Easy to wash and hung to dry


I'm 5'5 190lbs and I loved this dress!! Compliment after Compliment!!!


5"11, 36-30-44. Got a L, fits just a smidgen looser than I would have liked.


I love this dress! Got compliments all day. It is well made and the material is not flimsy. I weigh 157 lbs and a 36B, I got a medium & it fits perfect.Im 5'4" so I wore it with heels & that worked out. Get the dress you won't regret it


I'm 7 months pregnant and this dress was perfect in an xl (180 pounds 5"4) this dress is so flattering and comfortable! I received so many compliments I already ordered in another pattern and will get a couple more!!


Beautiful dress!!!! I bought it as a outfit for a cruise, it was a smash! I received so many compliments!


This is far from the picture. It fits but no where near the picture. They gave me a two piece high waisted skirt . I'm supposed to be going to Hawaii next week and thought the dress would be perfect


