The dress is beautiful. The material is thicker than I expected and it fits very well. I would listen to the other reviews regarding sizing.


Also, I'm 5'9" and it's long enough for me to wear wedge sandals with!


Excellent


Out of all the dresses I purchased for my honeymoon, this dress, by far, was my favorite. I received so many compliments when wearing it. I purchased a XL as I am 5'7" 38DD 200lbs. I have an hourglass figure and it hugged all my curves perfectly. Keep in mind, it is stretchy and form fitting, it does show ALL your curves. Great purchase!


I absolutely loooove this dress. It fits beautifully. Very flattering. I'm a 36D with a 40" bust, 30" waist and 40" hips. The onky issue I have with the dress is that it's way too long for me, even with heels. I'm 5'2" and need to get the dressed hemmed. Thankfully my mother is a seamstress so it works out. However, if you don't want to dish out more money, don't buy the dress if you're less than at least 5'4".


I ordered the Pink & Green in a medium. It turned out to be more of a baby blue and baby pink. It fit well but the colors were not flattering so I returned it. This style fits as expect. I also ordered the blue tie dye and the medium was too big.


Just received my dress in the mail. It's a perfect fit. Nice, stretchy and a suprisingly thicker than what I've been reading in  some of these reviews. I'm 5'5 and currently a wopping 205 lbs. It's the most I've ever weighed and the dress hugs my figure nicely,  yet still slightly loose enough to cover up any unsightly bulges. I ordered a size up from my usual measurements.


This dress is freaking perfect!!!!!!!!!! I'm 5"3 122lbs it's so comfy stretchy,  the print is beautiful I bought three from the company and I absolutely  love them all . The dress is long as a heck on me but I'm just going to get it hemmed


Great fit!  Looks nice on and hugs my body in just the right places. Perfect fit.  Bought a medium.  True to size.  Too long, but I am 5'3".  Needs some shortening.  Nice quality fabric.  I would have given it 5 stars if the seam down the back lined up a little better.


way to long and its UGLY


No one will be able to take their eyes off you! Amazing dress, stretchy fabric, great price! Flatters my curves and very forgiving! I'm 5'4" and 165 lbs, size medium fits perfect!


