I absolutely love this dress! The material is moderate weight and doesn't wrinkle making it the perfect choice to puck in my suitcase worry-free for my upcoming cruise. The dress has a side zipper and does hug my body in all the right places. It can be worn on or off the shoulder. My only problem with the dress was that it's an easy 8 inches too long and required hemming. I'm 5'6 inches tall and even with my tallest heels, this dress literally laid on the ground. A little seamstress work and now it's perfect!


I loved this dress! Bought it for Mexico! It is super


comfy and very forgiving. I received tons of compliments on it. I'm 5'4 and 185. This is an XL


I can easily recommend these dresses. I got them for my fiance, in a medium. she is 5'4", 135lbs, curvy but not fat at all. this fits her like a glove, a very comfortable glove. she gets compliments wherever she wears them. fabric is comfortable, seems like it will last, given the incredibly CHEAP price, if you only get one good summer season out of these, you are doing well, but I think they will last if just taken care of. Seem to be made decently. Again, this is a nice, casual yet dressy "dress".


I love the dress. The fabric is pretty thick and stretching.  I'm usually a size 12/14 (L/XL)  I am 5' 2" 190lbs. "Big booty girl". I order a size Large and it fit perfectly as far as bust, waist and hips. But since I am short I will be wearing it with high heels/ wedges.


I'm 5'9 and very curvy...this dress was perfect in fit and length....the material was of better quality than I expected... My social media followers ALL wanted to know where I purchased this from because it was so well received....


Wife loved the dress.  Quality material with some stretch.  She is 5'5" curvy body and usually wears a small in dresses


I received so many compliments on this dress. It's so fun to wear and traveled very easily without wrinkling. It is form fitted so I went up a size and felt very comfortable. It still clung to the curves but then drapped very pretty off of the hips. Wish I had alot of events to attend so i can wear this more often! One part near the bum is a bit see through so be aware of the white material and dress accordingly with undergarments.


Amazing dress. Great quality. Stretchy material. Fits great. I'm 5'4, 180lbs. This dress is perfect for vacation and I'm so happy with this purchase.  Looks just like the picture.


Perfect for my first trip to Hawaii! Everyone thought I was a performer... lol.. it’s long since I’m short (5’0) but it’s easy to pull up and beyond comfortable. I actually wore it on the long plane ride to Hawaii and I’m glad I did! Super comfortable and I got off the plane in high fashion ready for island fun! I’m 5’0, have a mommy pouch at 145lbs, busty, so based on reviews I ordered a large which fit great other than being long.


Just received this - bought it for a "Havana Nights" fundraiser. So I was assuming I would wear it once, and did not want to spend $$$. What a great dress! Quality way better than what I expected for the price. Looks great on. I'm 5'11' and pretty curvy. The XL is a perfect fit (clingy - but nice thick material) - and plenty long enough. I am sure I will wear it for more than just "one Havana night." Absolutely thrilled with this purchase  : )


