I would buy this dress in several solid colors and several classier prints if offered. The tropical print was great for our cruise but would be a little loud at any dressy event. I so wish it came in black as I’d wear it to formals even. Got several compliments on this particular dress. Buy with confidence. I’m a size 6 in dresses usually, sometimes an 8 with a small waist and larger thighs/hips....this made my sometimes hard-to-fit body shape look as good as it could.


Let me say this I am beyond pleased with this dress. I'm 5'8 and long dresses that fit my curves are hard to find. The dress was long the material was not thin at all it's form fitting in all the right areas. I love love love it!! I actually went and bought other colors!!!!


I love this dress! I would have given it a 5 star rating but rated it one less due to the length is too long. I'm 5"3 and wear a 12/14. I ordered this dress in an extra large and it fits very well with the exception of the length. The quality is excellent! I highly recommend however, if you are short be prepared to have the length altered. Will definitely order again in a different color!


Rocked this look this summer. 215lbs 5'7" the  XL dress hit the hips and the 44DD, like a special designer made it just for me. Material, color, print on both dresses were simply gorgeous. Can't beat this deal with a stick. Every where I go people want to know, "Where'd you get that dress?"


This dress is GORGEOUS! I am a size 10 dress, size 6-8 pant (5'2, 175 lbs & 19 weeks pregnant). I probably could've fit into a large, perhaps a medium not pregnant but am happy with the size I chose. The length is surprisingly not too long, but I will still possibly get it hemmed so I can wear comfortably with flats. Now I just need to find an event to wear it! I wish this came in solids!


My dress just arrived....great material and great fit! I slipped it on with ease not even realizing there was a zipper on the dress. I am 5'5 and 180lbs so I ordered an XL. My measurements are 43 34 43. This dress accentuates my body well. It falls right at my feet and will compliment my kitten heels. It came neatly packaged. I love it thus far!!!


This dress hugs all the right places quite nicely. I received a lot of compliments. I had to alter the dress a few inches because it's pretty long as other users have mentioned. The material is very comfortable and has a lot of stretch. I could have probably went for a small.


The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because there was a minor defect in the fabric design but nothing too noticeable.


I love this dress!  The fabric is good quality and stretches for a form fit. The colors are vibrant.  I am 5' 2" tall and 158 lbs. and normally wear a US size 14 dress.  The dress is too long and needs to be hemmed, but other than that, it is perfect!  I probably could have gone with a size Medium.


I was so happy when I got this order and that happiness quickly turned into disappointment when I tried it on. I ordered a Large based on their size chart and realized that I should have ordered a size up. That's the thing with ordering clothes on amazon.


I wore this 7 months pregnant to a summer wedding and felt so comfortable and pretty.  I received so many compliments on this dress.  I will be able to wear it even after losing the baby weight as it stretched nicely while pregnant.  Shipping takes a bit but that is my only complaint. Color is just as the picture shows - it's a very forgiving dress.


