This is so cute, love the way it looks on and the slits make it modest-sexy. Perfect for a summer day with a little chill


I loved this dress, but the fabric is very thin. The color largely prevents it from being sheer, but it will show every flaw and line. Even a "no panty line" thong is somewhat visible when wearing this, especially if you have any curves.


I usually wear a Medium and sized down to an XS, which was still big on me. That was fine, but the pockets on this dress hit right on the hips and bunch up, making me look huge in the hips. Terribly unflattering. Will return.


I really love this dress. I am currently 38 weeks pregnant, 5'8 180ish and ordered a small. It fits really well, you can tell I have a bump but it's still very flowy. I would say that if you are on the fence or between sizes, size down, but honestly, because the dress has that flows boho vibe going on, there's definitely some play in the sizing. The material is a soft, jersey knit-type fabric that is super comfortable. I am planning on wearing it post-partum since it will hide my post-baby belly until I'm ready to get back into my tighter maxi dresses. One thing I will mention is that it has very large pockets on the sides, which I knew before purchasing, but I felt like it made my hips look bulkier than they are, so I turned the dress inside out, sewed the pockets shut and cut them out. It was a very easy fix for how cute, comfortable and affordable the dress is.


Edit-- now 1 month post-partum and I still love this dress!! I can easily pull the neckline down to nurse/breastfeed in it.


Omg buy it. I'm so fat and I look cute in this


Too small so it doesn't drape nicely. Very unflattering. Nothing like the picture. The material is very heavy and makes it uncomfortable to wear. I gave it to my sister


I'm 5'6" and weigh 190 with a decent sized chest. I purchased large and it fit perfectly. Super cozy! I'm pretty sure I'll buy a few more colors to wear all summer.


It's so cute! But I am only 5'2. My tall cousin practically stole it from me. She said "that will fit me better how much did you pay and I'll give you the money right now"  lol.  It's long. After 4 inches to long for me. I'm going to order another in a small size and hope for shorter. Otherwise I will try and shorten it myslef. It's so cute it's worth it. LOVE THE LOOK!


This dress is really cute. It was a nice fit.. I'm chesty and short so it does touch the ground a little bit. I can't wear it with flats, need wedges or heels. But it's cute and it looks nice on, and I love the tie-dye. Great summer dress.


Cute and can be worn backwards as well. Print is a little more interesting than I imagined it would look on me, but that's because I think it'll look like it does on the model. Unfortunately, I'm not an anorexic giant that has a weird, but interesting face. Dang.


