I struggle to find maxi dresses that are long enough for me and this one is. Perfect. Comes down to my feet.


I love this dress! It is gorgeous in person. Can easily be dressed up or down. I'm a size 12 and the fit is perfect, it skims over all the right places. It is perhaps a tiny bit long, I'm 5'5" tall and I have to wear platform sandals to avoid stepping on the hem. If you are shorter than me then definitely expect to have it altered. The pockets are a wonderful touch to this dress, I loved it so much that I bought the solid black as well as the rust tie dye.


It’s a decent dress for the price. I purchased a small, I typically wear a medium. I am 5’3, 140lbs, 40-31-40. It is comfortable and light, however shapeless, a little long for me, and the pockets are so low. It would be perfect for someone with a longer torso or even legs.


I could live in this dress! Its super soft and very flattering! I am 5' 2" and typically wear medium but got a size down as recommended and its perfect! Seriously considering buying another color for myself and the other colors as a gift to my sisters and mom.


I really love this dress.  Only one thing I dislike is that it is so long it drags on the floor.  Almost have to wear a belt.  I'm 5'6" so it's not me.  The dress is made very long.  That being said, it's lovely quality, very comfy and despite it being long I wear it around in the evenings.


Great maternity dress! Super cozy and got several compliments.  I'm 5'5, 140Ibs (3 months pregnant), but it would wear as nicely not pregnant since it's meant to be loose fitting. I would get a small if I did it over again just for a little more form-fitting look and shorter length, (touches the floor in a flat shoe).


I purchased this to wear out or for a casual day at work.  It really isn't great for that but ended up making a great cover up for the beach.  It is a nice material and washed well.  The pockets don't seem to lay flat so if you have large hips this may not be the dress for you.


This dress is super cute!! I'm 44" bust and 36" waist and this dress hits the curves in the right spots! I was a little skeptical to purchase this, but i'm glad i did.  It's a light dress that I can wear anywhere!!  it literally looks just like the picture! Excited to wear this at the beach next week!


Comfy beyond belief, only reason for the 4 stars is that it is somewhat too long. I wear a large and all else fits well, but I was tripping on it! Maybe with a heel it would be ok, but I am also 5'9" and I don't need anymore height. Overall a great relaxed, comfy dress!!


I ordered a medium because other reviewers suggested that it runs large and the medium is fine as the beach cover up that I was looking for. The color is a bit more faded than pictured on Amazon but given the price and what I want it for, it's okay.  I can't say that I'm thrilled with the dress but it will be fine for my needs—beach to the car or to cover a bathing suit in order to get something to eat.


