The fit is large as expected; I'm 5'6" 150 pounds with a long torso. The sleeves are shorter than they are in The picture. I'd call this a cap sleeve dress before a short sleeved one. Ill need to take it in slightly at the bust/armpit area but nothing major. My only major problem with this dress is the fabric. I thought it would be more of a jersey cotton but instead it's a spandex swim suit like material that makes the tie die pattern appear inauthentic and gives the entire dress a shiny appearance. Overall, I will still wear this dress and it's cute for the price but I will read deeper in the product description lest i be bamboozled again.


Absolutely love the.


This dress is almost gorgeous! The fabric is great, the color is great, but the pockets are a disaster! I will include photos but they pooch out on both sides and give you bunches of weird the lumps on each hip. Not a good look! If they take the pockets out I would buy this dress in multiple fabrics.


Very comfortable,  loose and pattern exactly as pictured.  The material is very stretchy and was thick enough to not be see thru without being too hot or heavy.  I like pockets but because the material has so much stretch,  putting anything in your pocket would drag it down.  I am about 5ft 2in and the dress is long, covers my feet.  Very baggy but not unattractive.  Great dress for taller ladies.


This Maxi has a great print and looks like it is well made. The problem is the fabric. It is extremely stretchy and when I tried it on it fit more like a sausage casing than what was described in the text or shown in the photos. It will take a very slender person to carry it off. I'm in the process of returning it.


The pic in the product description shows a really  long boho slouchy fit.  There's no way you can get that with a large (their largest available) unless you're flat chested, 5' 5", and 110 pounds. I'm only keeping it to be comfy in around the house, but I would never wear it in public unless I shrank in height and lost 50 lbs.


Dress has no tags indicating its size, it is “sizeless”.  I am 5’5” and ordered XS, I think XL arrived but it had no tags so no idea. The dress was at least additional 5” on the ground. Fabric is soft. But just a huge bag.


I looooove this dress. I didn't even realize it had pockets until I tried it on. It runs large so if you do not prefer an oversized dress, maybe order a size small. However it is absolutely beautiful. I'm 5'6 and it flows all the way to the ground. I can't wait to wear it.


The dress is super cute and has a nice soft material. The only problem I had with it is it's too long. I'm 5'4" and the dress is about 6-8 inches too long. Even with my tallest wedges on, it is too long. If you're short/average height, avoid this purchase.


The quality is great. The color is exactly as pictured. I really wanted to like this dress. However it’s too big. I ordered an XS and it’s more like a large. I’m 5.2 and it would be too long with sandals. I’m 135lbs 34ddd chest, 28in waist. I was going to order a size down but XS is the smallest it’ll go. Super bummed. Quality is great, sizing is not. Not figure flattering.


