I ordered this dress in Large (from TANQQT) and it took weeks to ship from China. During this time I noticed i could get the dress in XL with 2 day ship (obviously fulfilled by different vendor).. so i did that and it is grea, just like pictured. Great fabric, great fit. Super cute. BUT then the large finally came in, and its totally a different dress. Different fabric, different print, different fit, not like the picture. It was cheap looking and SO disappointing. Do NOT order this if its coming from TANQQT from China.


This is a great dress for travelling, as it packs very easily and it can be dressed up or worn simply.  It's comfortable, lightweight, but not see-through.  The only problem I had is that at 5'5", it is basically floor-length, which can lead to tripping on stairs.  I plan to shorten it slightly to remove that problem, and at the price, it's worth it.  I wore this for a cruise and it worked nicely, so that I ordered another color when I got home.  It is machine washable and dryable!


A really comfy dress. Runs large, even the XS was large. I am 5'7" 130lbs and usually wear a small or medium, after reading the reviews, I selected an XS. It is definitely long and very roomy, but it isn't like potato-sack. It still drapes nicely.


This dress is crazy long!  Im about 5'3" and 135 lbs and normally wear a medium.  I got a small after reading the reviews and even that dragged on the floor at least 3 inches.  Ordered an extra small and it is better for sure but still decently long.  Its pretty stretchy and loose so I would say dont go with your normal size when ordering, base it off of your height.  If you are shorter with an average build, an extra small will be perfect.  Once I got a size where the dress wasnt dragging, I LOVED IT.  So comfy and perfect for summer lounging.  Can be dressed up or down.


I love this dress! I usually order dresses in XL but I ordered a large in this one since it's flown. I pair it with a waist belt but would also wear it without one because of the style of the dress. It's so soft and the length is great.


Dress is nice quality, good material, nicely made. I bought Brown/ coffee in L with long sleeves. Color and design are good, but it's little bit strange fit. I am 5'7",225pounds, 36DD. Length is long,but I like it that way,I can ware it with flip flops or sandals, no need for heels if the dress doesn't streach later and become longer.Fit is loose, comfortable, but in middle section unfortunately showing imperfections and clinging to unwanted parts.The decolte is very big,deep down,still sexy,but if streach little bit more downward will become a concern.Changing the bra shape helps to achieve better fit in chest department, not too showing.Pockets are very unflattering in my case,positioning at widest hip area of mine.I think M will fit me better with siluet concern, but will be too tight in middle section, so I will keep L.


Sleeves are roomy, not tight, comfortable, long.


Overall not bad, not perfect, will keep it. Very cute with similar color hat I have with animal print collar. I think that I can pull onother look with booties and crop short brownish neutral leather jacket for different season.Disapointed because it's wrinkle when you sit and even it's loose fit still cling in my middle section. Will be more flattering with light shaper under.


I was skeptical buying this but pleasantly surprised! Super trendy and SO comfortable. I ordered the white and tan stripped version. I ordered a small and am 5’4” 125lbs. It is a little baggy in the waist so I paired it with a small leather braided belt. It’s a good length on me with wedge heels, and is just a hair long with flats (but still doable). Fabric is soft and lays nicely when wearing. I get tons of compliments every time I wear it - no one believes I got it on Amazon!


I wear this dress all the time...in my home. It is extremely thin and see thru but SOOOOOO comfortable and it has pockets...love me some pockets. I was going to wear it out with some leggings and a tank top but it is very clingy and looked weird. I just don't care I wear it at home and I love it. I'm planning on getting another "dark" color. I couldn't imagine how see thru the lighter colors are. Probably good for a bathing suit coverup or something.


After reading reviews, ordered a medium. 5'7 180lbs, curvy. Fits perfect, length and all! Perfect for the beach. It is a little clingy depending on how you are built. If you have a belly, it may show. Love the material, super soft and airy!


In LOVE with this dress! Had my eyes on it for a while and I am so glad I finally ordered it! It does run big, I normally wear an XL (14) and I sized down to a large and it fit perfect! I am 5'6 and the length hits the floor but not too long. I will definitely be ordering in more colors! The material is soft and comfy would be perfect for a casual summer day!


