Really like this dress!  I would say order down a size-- I'm a medium and am glad I went for a small.  Comfortable, doesn't cling to trouble spots.  Love dresses that I can just throw on and I'm glad to have this one.


Review by Kyle's wife: Worked really well for my maternity pictures! Fits as expected and by that I mean that I was expecting this to be loose and a bit larger than I would regularly prefer -but since I'm pregnant it fit comfortably, however I'm not sure how well it will look once I go back to my regular body shape, so it might just be a pregnancy dress. I'm 5'3 and about 137 lbs at 28 weeks (115 lbs. when not pregnant). Length was a tiny little bit longer than me (wearing flats) but it works ok. I think with high heels it would be perfect. I will probably be breastfeeding with this dress as well since the neck is stretchy enough. Only wish they made this dress in one size smaller because I like really tight fitting clothes :)


This dress is very flowy, doesn't cling at all and drapes well. I am 5'9, 155 and ordered the small.


Great affordable maxi dress. The coffee color is exactly as pictured and the material is cool and flows well. I haven't washed it yet, but the stitching, pockets, and sleeves are well constructed. I would purchase again in another color.


I LOVE THIS DRESS! I was worried it wouldn't be long enough and fit funny. I'm 6 ft and have some curves. This dress is so flowy and soft it is the perfect fit and it's long enough!! I just might have to get it in the other colors. You can dress it up or just wear it casually. Highly recommnd it for the price!


Perfect for summer. Nice and flowy, rather unforgiving despite being looser. I weigh about 190, 5'7. Medium has a roomy fit, go smaller if you don't want that big. I really like this dress. Only negative is the price point...


Def fit large. I typically order a medium, but I got a small, and it was plenty big. I'm about 5'7, 125-130 lbs! The dress is so comfortable for hot weather. I would definitely order again.


I think this dress is really cute, the fabric is perfect but the size is way too big. I know it has to have that "loose look" but I am 5'2 and weight 118 pounds and this is way too big for me. Other than that the color is really nice and I love he fact that it has pockets.


I am a size 16 and normally do not fit in size Large, so I was a bit skeptical of this dress sizing, but was SO pleased with the way it turned out that I ordered it again in blue. The pockets are fantastic and I did not feel like they made the dress stick out funny at the hips. I bought this to wear on a trip to California when I needed some dresses that could be casual around-the-house but also be dressed up to go out. This was so cozy, but cute! It wasn't especially see-through either (I hate when that happens). Because I am me, I wore a slip with it when I left the house. If you are looking for a good maxi-dress with pockets that you can wear a normal bra with, this dress is for you.


I loved the look of this dress and the model wears it well. However, it was small and so thin that it did not hang well. The coloring was more dull than is shown. All over, I wouldn't buy it if I had tried it on in a store.


