This dress is OKAY, but not as flowy as pictured. It's surprisingly heavy and this causes it to hang heavy in an unflattering way. The slit is also weirdly short, it doesn't even reach my knee. I love that it has pockets, and it's soft and comfortable but it's just not an attractive dress. The length was longer than expected, I'm 5'8" and it just brushes my toes, just missing dragging on the ground. I weigh 135 lbs and the small was fine.


Order down 1 size. I'm a size 8 and hourglass shaped. I usually wear a medium. I ordered a size small and the dress fits perfectly. Since the dress is loose-fitting, I was worried about it taking on a trashbag effect. I'm pleased to say the dress is comfortable, loose, and doesn't look like a trashbag when wearing. The fabric falls in all the right places. Fabric is breathable without it being see-through. Quality material. I plan on bringing this to Puerto Rico with me.


I saw this dress multiple times on different IG accounts that I follow and thought it would be perfect for summer into fall. Pros-color is so pretty in person and pockets on any dress are great. Cons-I am 5'2" and usually where medium in everything. So like others where saying I sized down to a small. That was still to big so I returned it for an extra small. I think because of the fabric the dress sags. The first time I wore it I knotted the front to prevent dragging but the second time I tried to wear it I felt very uncomfortable. It kept tripping me and the front kept creeping down in the V-neck area. I had to go home and change. So bummed about that but I will be passing it on to taller friends.


The fabric is fine, it's thin for spring and summer, and the dye pattern is nice. The fabric will probably pill after a few washes, but hanging drying will help lengthen it's life. The fit is loose and casual and could probably be made dressier by a belt.  The LENGTH is insane though. I'm short, admittedly at 5'3", but this dress is at least 8 inches too long. I thought maybe by tying it in an ever-so-trendy knot would help, but there's just too much excess fabric.  It will have to be hemmed as even high heels won't remedy the length issue.


Beautiful and high quality Jersey material. Dye job is amazing! Listen about the sizing advice though, it’s huge. I wear a women’s size 10 and consistently a medium or large depending on the item. Ordered a medium and I like it, with a belt it will look nice, but it’s super big still. I’m ordering another color and will get a small. 32H bra size. Jean size: 29-31.


I bought another one of these dresses in a different color as soon as I tried this on for the first time.  Really comfy material, thick enough you don't need special undergarments and I've gotten compliments everywhere I go.  Intentionally baggy and loose fitting.  The black color pattern varies and the dress I received had less of the yellow/gold pattern on it but that was no problem for me.


The dress was somewhat large. I'm usually a medium in clothes, 5'11, 160 lbs. I used a belt to give it a tighter fit. But i liked the dress overall. I might get another one but one size down.


I have curves and ordered and XL. Thinking it would be somewhat baggy. Because it's a jersey fabric it's a little clingy in the hip region. Not too bad. I'll still wear it. The other thing which I constantly run into at 5'9" is the length. I thought getting a high/low look might distract from the maxi being too short, as they always are for me. This dress is too short in the back and it's noticeable. I'll still wear it because it was purchased for more of a bikini coverup.


Finally I found something comfortable! After surgery and radiation for breast cancer I am stuck with pain when wearing most clothing. This dress is so soft and doesn't bother my sensitive skin. Bonus, it is long enough for me. I ordered four more!!! Sizing: I'm 5'8 152 pounds and I got the medium. Loose but not sloppy. Super cute belted with boot. Love love love!


The color is cute and matches the pic.  However, I really did not like the material.  It is soft, yes, but is a cheap polyester that is unforgiving, and stretches everywhere.  The stitching needs little fixes here and there. It certainly ran large for me even though I ordered a medium and at 5'3" it is VERY long and needs to be hemmed.


