This thing is see through. It clings to my butt (which there isn’t much of) and I could see my nude panty’s color and my skin tone through it. The people saying this isn’t see through must be blind. Also, it’s probably 6 ft long.


I wanted to like this dress. I really did, it looked so cute on the model but I just looked like a large bloop in it. The quality was great for the price but the fit is not made for women who have boobs or behind. It provides no shape whatsoever.


I read a bulk of the reviews and even made sure the measurements were spot on with my actual dress size and the dress I received fit NOTHING like I believe it's supposed to.  It's clingy in all the wrong places and the measurements are not what they advertise for the XL.  It makes me wonder if they gave me a medium and sewed on an XL sticker.  If you're curvy and dead set on this dress, I recommend sizing way up or going with a darker color so it's more sleek looking. The only redeeming qualities with this dress are the color variation and the length.  I do not recommend this dress until the sizing is more true to form.


Love my dress! Gave it 4 stars because it dose run big- but it's great if you are wanting to hide a little- I orderd a small when I useually wear a medium so order at lease 1 or more sizes down- It's flowing and I wore it while walking around the beach and it was lovely!


I love this beautiful dress, it's nicer than a Nordstrom dress that cost 3 times as much. It's fabulous and I ordered the same one for my friend. Short people need not purchase! I am 5'6" with long legs and it almost hits the floor with small wedges


The dress itself was cut well, had a great pattern, and was made with comfortable, light-weight fabric. However, it was huge. I’m 5’7 and about 130 pounds, so  based on some of the comments, I thought I should go for a medium. Wrong! Even with a belt and boots, it looks a little like the Ringling Brothers are in town, but I’m going to continue to play with it. Although it won’t do for going out (until I’m 7 months pregnant), it’s awesome for a nightgown and insanely comfortable, so I give it 4 stars.


Super soft material. It's slightly heavy, but in a good way because that makes it not see through. I'll definitely order other colors! Perfect for a casual, comfy outfit that can still be dressed up!


I usually wear a large and purchased the medium after reading the reviews and it fits me, I might have even been able to get away with a small.


I love this dress. I got the blue & the color is spot on. I'm 5' 9" & 158 lbs. & it's a tad long but if you wore a slight heel it would be perfect. The fabric is sooo soft & comfortable. Great for travel & hot weather plus you'll look amazing.


Soft and comfy.  Mine is somewhat sheer to wear out as I had hoped but I am certain it will  be a favorite this hot summer.  Was more expensive than I had thought when ordered but is worth it over.


