I am vertically challenged at 5ft 3in, so this sweeps the ground on me, but I am not surprised. I going to have it shortened.  Material is light weight and cool feeling, I am using it as a nightie/lounging dress. My husband loves it!


Got a lot of compliments. Flowy and stretchy. You probably can order a size smaller than what you normally wear for a bit of a tighter fit. I'm ordering another color. Very pretty. I'm 5'10 220 and I ordered a large. It came to above my ankles and had plenty of room.


I am very pleased with the MakeMeChic maxi short sleeve tie dye maxi dress cover up that I ordered in light and dark blue. It was perfect over my swimsuit and looked very stylish. The material is comfortable and soft, not scratchy like other cover ups I've ordered from other sources. I did order one size smaller than my usual size based on other reviews so it fit perfectly. Excellent product!


I am 5'5" and the length was perfect for me. The fit runs large, but I expected that and that is actually the reason that I purchased this dress. I purchased a size Large as I have been using this as a maternity dress for the past few months. I am currently 39 weeks pregnant and the dress still fits well.


Super soft and comfy dress. Sizes are loose so if you want it less loose go one size down. Got this in 2 colors. Great for beach. A coverup that can be dressed up to wear for dinner. Sexy slits on side give this an unexpected flash of skin.


This is my second one, I bought the grey one first, It is long and touches the floor. I wear it around the house mostly so that is not a problem and is sort of cool. These dresses are the most comfortable items in my closet. I also love the other ones I got by MakeMeChic. sweet comfort!


This dress definitely runs big, the other reviewers are correct.  I am size 6 to 8, and the size small is just about right - not tight at all.


I don't know how they designed the dress,  especially the pockets,  but it gives a great silhouette that usually doesn't exist for me (high hip bones that end up looking lumpy). Also, the fabric is thin but not see -through or clingy. If this dress with pockets is flattering on my shape, i think it would look good on most people. Ordered the coffee color, and if i have one complaint it would be that the pattern is not quite straight. So figure flattering that I'll forgive that no problem!


I normally wear a 8-10 and go up a size to make sure it’s not too tight. I’m glad I listened to the reviews and went with a small. At 5’4 and 134, it drags the floor a bit now but it’s so comfortable and flattering. Not sheer and can we take a minute and bless that it has pockets?!? But all of them!


This dress fits well thanks to ordering down a size as recommended in other reviews.  The fabric is very soft and heavy enough to skip a slip but still cool and comfortable.  It borders on being a little too long but is OK without hemming--just have to be sure to hold it up when going up stairs.  I am 5'5" tall and weigh 155 pounds and ordered a medium.  I bought one in blue and one brown and love them both.


I bought the brown, nice color nice quality but the cut is way too long. I am 5.2  108 lbs and would need to wear 9" heels for this to fit. You need to be 5.9" and wear heels for this one to fit! Even the pockets are down so far I can hardly get my hands in them. I got the small since the xs was only 1/2 shorter and I am pretty large busted I did not want it tight on the chest.


