I LOVE THIS DRESS! I am a HUGE fan of tie dye. I typically wear a 8-10 or med/large and I bought a medium in the grey color. Fits true to size and exactly like the model does in the picture (loose and not form fitting at all). I always get so many compliments on this and would wear it every day if I could. I wore it all summer and was sad to have to put it away for winter. It will be in heavy rotation next summer as well! Its a great quality for the price and you honestly can't go wrong with this purchase!


This is the maxi dress holy grail! I am 187 and 5'5 and the medium I'm fits perfectly. Barely touches the ground, so it's not too long. The fabric is light and so comfortable. The pockets do not bulge out like others I've tried. Y'all. Get. This. Dress. I'm ordering the black one and more colors now!!!


This dress is definitely a bit bigger than expected, so if you want it to hug your body a little more, make sure to order a size smaller than you usually would. However, it's designed to be loose and billowy, so I actually don't mind how big it is. I have two other of these in different colors, solid black and striped navy and white. I have to say that the yellow stripe on this one doesn't look that great - it has a bit of an '80s feel but hey, that stuff is back now. Could be cute on someone super skinny but if you are a little more curvy, the pattern may not work for you.


It's a cute dress. It is plain so you will need to add accessories (especially a belt) to give you any shape. I am 5'5' 130 lbs and the small fits great!. It is long, but does not drag on the ground. Very comfortable! It's a great dress just to wear around the house instead of sweatpants. Color looks exactly like it does in the picture.


Love this dress! So easy and breezy...wore it in Maui the first time and it was perfect. Will wear often during the summers with cute sandals. I purchased the brown and would be thrilled to get it in blue too! :) For reference, I'm a size 8 (medium) with a 36C bust and I ordered an XS in this dress and it fits great.


This dress in an XS and is a bit long for me (5'4'') without shoes but with some heels I'm hoping it won't drag (UPDATE: With heels the dress is still too long and drags on the floor). It's not quite as flattering of a dress as I'd hoped and the pattern looks a little cheaper in person than I'd expected. I have a slender build and I kind of drown in it. However, it's VERY SOFT. Should be a fun and casual spring/summer dress for the house.


I'm a 5'3" 205lbs size 16 lady, and I ordered a medium after reading the reviews that it runs big, well... the reviews were correct. Surprisingly, the medium fit me great. Dress touches the ground in the front, but not by much. I received a lot of compliments on this dress.


I have been looking for this type of dress for a very long time and  I finally found it.  This dress is so cute you can look gorgeous while relaxing around the house or running errands.  You can dress up or down!  I purchased 3 and will purchase more!  Ladies give these a try and  you won't be disappointed.  These will make great gifts!!  I am so pleased.


Really cute but way too long for my height. I'm 5'3 and even with heals I'd be tripping over it. And the pattern was cut at an angle so it looked kind of awkward at a glance.


Too small though I went by the reviews and got a small maybe the medium would have fit better. I am a size 9 so kinda in between a small and a medium size. Way to tight on my mid section.  Liked the look...drat for not fitting.  Also did not like that the offered me just 30% refund when it said you could return it. I insisted on 50% and they agreed, no problem.


