After reading the information posted by the seller re: fit ("This dress is plus size design... If you don't want it loose or big, select one or two sizes down"), I opted for my regular size since I did want a comfy, loose dress. Surprisingly, a size Medium is actually a little less loose than I'd have hoped (for reference, I'm about 155lbs). On the positive side, the tie dye pattern is very pretty and the dress length is ideal for me at 5'8". It doesn't puddle around my feet or show off my ankles (other than through the side slits). The fabric is very light, stretchy, and smooth so I expect it to be very comfortable during this hot summer but (and here's where the negatives start) it also feels a little fragile, like it might run or tear easily. It feels a bit like a Forever 21 t-shirt, if you know what I mean, so I'm not sure if it'll hold up to more than one season of wear but for the price, I can't really complain. And the fabric is thin enough that underwear that matches my skin tone will be a must. I do like having pockets a lot but the fabric is so thin and slinky that the pockets bunch up in a weird way (not enough for me to snip them out and seam them up however). I also ordered the green/white dress and am fairly content with it as well. The black/white dress on the model does seem darker than the one I received which seems to have much more white. I would have preferred more black/gray but it's not troublesome enough to send it back. Finally, I wouldn't recommend ordering these from any seller but Amazon itself. My first shot at ordering these dresses was from a seller in China who never delivered the product and started receiving a slew of zero star reviews but, thankfully, Amazon refunded me with no problem.


Love this dress! Read reviews before ordering it, said it ran a little big. Usually wear a lg but ordered a medium as it's very loose & flowy. Fits well. I'm  almost 5'8, & 165lbs. Definitely one of my favorites. Will be wearing it on our upcoming vacation.


First off this dress is so comfortable! It's like a jersey knit material so super soft and stretchy. I love it! The only downfall is the placement of the pockets make me look wider than I am, or maybe it just draws too much attention to my hips/outer thighs. Maybe it's because I'm short, they just feel low. For reference I am 5' 4" and currently 6 months pregnant. Pre pregnancy weight around 130 and currently weighing apx 145 and I think the small is great! Medium wouldve definitely drowned me esp post partum!


Dress is super cute and comfortable, just as pictured! I read numerous reviews before I ordered and I agree that sizing down is a good idea.  I would normally wear a Medium and the Small fit perfectly. Love the pockets! I am 5'3" and it's perfect with heels.


Just got the green one, and immediately ordered the purple one, too.  This is a terrific, soft, casual dress.  I am 5' 6", 133 lbs., ordered the small.  It sits perfectly on the shoulders,and has a nice neckline, neither too low nor too high.  It is a very loose dress, but that is its charm.  The pockets might add a bit to the hips, but you can always cut them off and sew the seam shut if you want.  I will lengthen the side slit on mine -- it hits at about the knee, but I think it will look better with the slit running a bit higher.  Very pleased.  Can't wait for the purple one to arrive.


The dress I received was NOT the dress in the photos! It is like a cheap knock off or something, it's similar but different. The quality was good, so I am giving one star. I"m annoyed by the false advertising here. It seems like maybe other shoppers received dresses that matched the photos but mine did not. See photo!


For the Amazon question 'How does this product fit?' I chose that the fit was too large, but fortunately I read the reviews prior to ordering and got the size that fits me right. Just to set the scene...I'm a size 12/14, 5'4" and I ordered a small. And it fits me nicely...not snug in the least...nice and flowey like on the model.


So order appropriately, ladies.


Some said that it was waaaaay too long and dragging on the ground...mine barely touched the ground while barefoot, so maybe they adjusted this because of all the feedback.I haven't actually worn this dress out anywhere yet, but I'm assuming it will be comfortable all day. I know some had dresses that arrived with flaws, but after a pretty extensive check of both of them (I ordered 2), I'm happy to say that mine are without flaws. I'm looking forward to wearing one of my dresses this weekend and chill on some restaurant/bar patio while looking cute and more importantly, comfortable.


Okay, based on previous reviews, I ordered a Large. I'm 5'5, 200, apple shaped, and I typically wear a 1X for a fitted look, 2X for a more flowy fit. This dress in L fits in a "body-con" fashion, meaning it hugs my entire body. I'm not going to return it, because the length is just right (not dragging the floor, but another inch and it would be) and the dress isn't "tight"...it's just not as flowy as I wanted. If you want it to fit like in the pic, order UP. The fabric is so nice, there's enough heft to it that it won't blow around, but it's not heavy or thick at all. It's extremely soft and silky feeling. I just wish I'd gone up one size :0(


Glad I tool a chance!  This dress is so soft, comfy, sensual and flows well.  I got tons of comments during the workday with a jean jacket. Later that night the nice comments continued without the jacket.  It made me walk with a little more pep in my step!!!  I ordered a small and I'm 5'2 130lbs, more full in the hip and rear.


I'm 5'2 200lbs and I bought a size XL but I could have went with a L(the size I usually get) or Medium if I wanted a more fitted fit but I was looking for a loose fitting dress and this was perfect. I'm busty in the top area I wear a 36DD and my butt is on the bigger side but this dress was still loose enough (in the size I got ) that not to much of my curves were showing but it was still flattering. The split on the dress isn't too high its about maybe 3 inches above my knee but of course since I'm short the dress is long (as I expected it to be) it definitely touches the floor but if I wore heels I think it would just barely miss the floor. I'm getting ready to order another one or two now lol


