Very easy to wear. I am planning to wear mostly dresses on my upcoming trip to SE Asia and I need for a cool dress because it is hot and also a dress that is comfortable and looks good with sandals. The material is soft and it looks nice on.


It is a great dress I really enjoyed the color it looked exactly like it did in the picture. However it is extremely long. I am 5'3 and even with heels (I love a nice tall heel) it is too long. I might try doing the knot look with the dress and see how it looks.


I give the dress 4 stars because I do love it, the material is super soft it is long and comfy it would have been 5 stars however I ordered my size according to the chart and it is a little big. It still looks nice on and will be perfect for my trip to the Gulf.


I absolutely love this dress. It has very flattering design and POCKETS! What girl doesn't love pockets in a dress?!? It's the best. I really wish all dresses came with pockets. I get tons of compliments when I wear this dress and it's so comfortable. Both the fabric and the design make this a comfy, fun, attractive look. You won't regret it. This dress is wonderful.


I love this dress. It is so soft and cozy. Does run a little big like reviews say but not terribly. I'm 5'9 and 180lbs and 9 months pregnant and a M fit great and is long enough!!!!  Plus it is nice and stretchy and v neck so it will work for breastfeeding as well. I'm gonna order in another color!


Great buy! I am 5.7', 150 pounds, athletic build; I am a solid size 8/medium. I ordered the medium because I have kind of broad shoulders; it fits fine, the length is perffect. The only issue is the placement of the pockets sits right at the widest part of my hips, but it is super cue on and so comfortable.


Got the wrong color, for starters. Also fits super weirdly. I don't know if the cut is off, or what, but it bulges at the pockets. The company did offer me a partial refund for the issue.


I ended up wearing this dress almost every day on my vacation. It's super comfortable, washes and machine dries great, and looks cute. I bought the extra small and am 135 lbs, 5'3" tall. It falls just above my ankle and is figure flattering. I get compliments every time I wear it someplace new.


The cut of this dress is super awkward, I've only seen one other review with this problem. The slits are not even, the right one falls on my thigh, closer to the front of the dress and the left is on the side of the dress where it should be. This causes the bottom of the dress to be longer on the left side than it is on the right. Of course I didn't notice this issue until after the first wash and wear. Luckily it stays up well with a belt and I will be using my sewing skills to alter and straighten it out. The dress also runs way big. I ordered a small and I should have ordered an extra small (I am 5ft 2, 120lbs, for reference). Does not shrink in the wash. It's wearable and comfortable, but cheaply made for the price.


Oh man I love this dress!! It’s so soft, fits well, and is easy to pack. I usually wear it with a belt and a pair of booties or wedges as it’s fairly long (I’m 5’5”). It looked a bit wrinkly when I took it out of my luggage but after hanging in the closet overnight it straightened right out. Would 100% buy again.


