The cotton is so soft and I love the pockets.  I don't usually wear maxi dresses bc I'm only 5'5" but this one w the slitted sides is super flattering.  It looks great worn a lil off one shoulder.  I love it and will order another color!


This is a great dress for casual, beach, or summer wear.  The material is a slightly heavy weight (not so heavy that it will be hot, but heavy enough to hang really nicely), and it is very soft.  I planned to keep this dress for myself as a casual summer/beach dress, but ended up giving it to my niece.  My niece is a very curvy teen, who is very self conscious and tries to hide her body under oversized t-shirts and athletic shorts.  I told her to try this on when she was was visiting me from out of state and needed something to wear.  It was a cooler spring day and she wore it with a pair of leggings underneath and it was so cute.  And she looked great!  And best of all, she was not self conscious or tugging at it all day to adjust or pull it away from her body.  The dress was loose enough to not cling, but fitted enough to be flattering.  I plan to buy another one for myself (since she liked the dress so much I let her keep it), I just wish it came in some different colors or patterns other than tie dye.


For reference, I am 5'4 1/2", 189 lbs, and curvy hourglass/pear shaped.  I currently wear a size 14 in bottoms. I'm a 36D.  I ordered a L.  The dress was loose on me, but not huge (if I had wanted a more fitted look I could've gone down a size, but it is meant to be a relaxed fit, I think).  The dress brushed the top of my feet but did not drag on the floor.  My niece, who now has the dress, is probably 5'6" and has a larger chest than I do.  I felt like it was flattering on both of us.


This dress will need to be machine washed on gentle cycle (or hand washed), and I would hang to dry.


I recommend this dress for anyone looking for an easy breezy summer style!


P.S. It has pockets!  Who doesn't love pockets on a dress?!


I love the wine color and it is just what I was looking for-something I I can wear around the house, at the beach or to run errands in.


Easy dress to wear. Love. Make sure you order down a size or two. I'm 5'5", 130 lbs, normally a small and I ordered an xs. It's still a little bug, but I adore it either way!


It's kinda frumpy, but kinda cool hippie. I'm 5'4" and I need to get it altered. I might have a waist taken in, it has none.


im 5 ft 8 197 lbs, it reached all the way to the floor, i love this so no shrinkage worries, i ordered a medium before and it was wayyy too big


Sooo comfy! It did shrink slightly with the first wash but not enough to make me not wear it. Im a large in most clothes but followed reviewers advice and bought a medium, because of the slight shrinkage I wish I had ordered a large.


I’m 5’3 and 118 and ordered a small. Fits great! It’s a little long, but i tied the front in a side knot and it’s super cute.


Great comfortable dress. Material is very soft. Always get a ton of compliments when I wear this dress. I feel its very flattering also. I wear a size XL and feel good in this dress.


Way too too large. This fabric is super stretchy and has no shape. It’s not horrible but it’s cheap. Like wearing a giant moo moo.


