It shrinks in wash so beware, but it looks like the picture. VERY soft and bouncy material. Tends to look a bit slouchy so you have to pair it with the right accessories etc.


IT IS HUGE!!!! I made the mistake of putting it in my spare room to return and completely forgot about it. So I am stuck with it. On the flip side, I have tried shrinking it numerous times and it won't budge. So there is no issues there!! I am going to keep it and see what I can do with it.


I'm 5'8" and currently 25 weeks pregnant weighing about 155-160 lbs.Ordered a medium and love the fit. I will definitely be wearing this well into my pregnancy and after. Length is great too (normally these dresses are too short for me) and no shrinking after washing it for the first time! Pockets are a nice touch on this dress too!


Love this wonderful dress.  Fits perfectly, material is super light weight and washed great with no fading of the print.  Love the pockets.  Got lots of compliments when I wear it.  Has become one of my favorites for the summer.  I'm also going to purchase a similar hat that completes this outfit.  Highly recommend it.


When I removed this from the packaging, I had someone say to me that they did not like clothes that fits them clingy. Well because I don't like close fitting clothing, I purchase it a size larger. When the individual saw it on me, they loved it, and said, oh that looks great, it doesn't cling.


You really can't tell the material. But I didn't like it at all it reminded me of spandex.  It didn't  hang right. And the color dull. It's okay I guess but would not by it again in a different color. I got the charcoal gray I think they called it. Brown was another color


I ordered two of these and they are very comfortable but both of them Are sewn crooked, when you have them on the hems twist and the opening slits on the sides show up at the front and the back instead. What I do with mine is I tie a knot at one side at the bottom to help it hang properly. Probably would not buy again


I had this item in my cart for months. The description was misleading & they won’t give me a refund. It now says plus size in the description. I ordered the XS & it was entirely too big. I got the coffee color & the white is very see through.


This isn't the prettiest dress (I also don't look like the model), it's a big boxy but it is SOOOOO comfy!  We traveled a lot this summer and this dress was my go for throwing in my suitcase.  It also was soft enough not to hurt when I got a blistering sunburn in Hawaii so that was a plus!


I loved the dress but it was too large, too long, and I did not want to  get it altered professionally.  I sent it back, unfortunately.


