Love it!!!! It does run big I went 2 sizes down I usually go for a size large for a loose fit. But with this dress I had to go with size small and it was perfect.. I am 5'7 and 150 pounds and 38C if that helps. And it flows perfectly...


Usually I like to order L. But this one I ordered M. Still little big. Order one size down. I will return it then reorder.


Fits nice on. Accentuates hips a little but I think it is very flattering. I ordered a size down. Its very soft and a good length. Im 5'4"


it's ok but does not flow or hang like the picture---sizing is different from other items in this line---need to go up a size or two if you want flow!


I ordered an x-small, but I received a small that fits like an x-large. The dress drags the floor like 5-6 inches & hangs sloppily over my shoulders. I'm 5'3, 100 lbs. I would not suggest buying this dress if you are close to my size, it will not fit.


I usually order a medium but due to reviews and flowing nature of the dress, I ordered small. But it was still too big throughout. Passing it on to someone who it will fit.


I'm 6 months pregnant, and this dress looks STELLAR.  I'll wear it throughout the remainder of my pregnancy and afterwards as well.  It's extremely soft, washes well, and gets a lot of compliments.  I'm 5'4 and it goes down to the bottom of my ankles, so it might not work for someone that is tall.


Very cute and different.  I always wash cotton on delicate cold.  And I hang dry.  It's getting stretched out so it feels like pajamas.  So put it in the dryer in low for a bit.


This dress fits large/loose by design. It's supposed to be airy and loose like pictured on the model. I'm 5'3" 125 lbs and typically order a medium or dress size 6. I ordered the small based on everyone's suggestions and I'm very pleased with the fit.  This dress is so comfortable and fun to wear.


The photo shows the black /grey and the one I received was more grey which I didn't care for so I returned it. But fit was good and very comfy and stretchy ,I ordered a medium as I'm 5'5 and 155 lbs ,was the perfect length ,I could wear flats or wedges with it and loose fit . Will probably order again in different color


