Very cute, a good length even for me at 5'9". Breathable and very comfortable.


This dress is cute but very thin material and mine was made for someone who is 6 feet tall.. i am 5'4" and it drags the ground. Even a little too long with heels so i will probably have to get it hemmed. I love the pockets but one side has a good sized hole in the pocket.  Not a hard fix, but it's just irritating.


Hugeeeee. I ordered a small and was swimming in it. Way too long too. Returned.


If you’re on the petite size this isn’t a good look.


Great fit, love the soft feel of the material. In love with the flow of the dress, looks so cute with my distressed denim jacket and sandals. Can't wait for it to get warmer out to so I can't live in this dress!!!!


I'm 5'3, about 195, and I carry most of my weight in my stomach and a Large fit great! I could have probably done an XL for a little looser fit in the waist area, but it would have probably been too long. Great fabric feel and quality.


Can't say enough good things about this dress !!!!  The fabric is indescribably silky soft but has a nice thickness.  Style is as pictured.  Fit was great; ordered a XS and I weigh approx. 120 lbs and 5'6".  Color is also very saturated as in photo.


Item is HUGE!!!! But I was leaving for a trip and needed dresses so I guess it is what it is. Very cheaply made. That’s what I get for shopping on amazon I guess


Great maxi dress! I am on the shorter side, so this dress does drag on me. However, I like to tie both ends in a side knot and it's perfect.


Dress does run a little large.


Loved this dress. I’m 5’8”, 177lb and ordered a medium. It fits loose but I’m not swimming in it. One pocket was much shallower than the other but not that big a deal for me. It’s like wearing your most comfy T-shirt!


Looking for something to wear over bathing suits and lounge around. This fits the bill. The fabric is a bit thin and quality not great, but it is stretchy and comfy and hides figure flaws. Dress us very casual, great for lounging on vacation and pool side, but not a piece I expect to last for a very long time.


