Fits well and very comfortable. I got a lot of longing stares. I saw someone with a tie dye dress and I wanted one and never thought I would find one so I was so excited when I found it and now I'm sure other woman are thinking the same when they stare longingly at my dress.


Just runs very large. I am 5'6" and 140, bought a medium and it's too big. Not in a stylish way either. Very comfortable anyway, the knit is not see through but still drapey and lightweight. For the price I decided to keep it and use it as a nightgown.


I don't usually write reviews but I had to for this. I purchased it for a beach vaca I have coming up and when it came in I tried it on and fell in love. I'm a size 12/14 (got the large) and don't usually wear flowy things but I think I will from now on. I'm in love with this dress, I wore it today even before my vaca because it's so comfy. Ordering more colors!!


I usally wear a small or medium, but I got an extra small and it was still bigger  on me,  than how it's pictured. I was going to return it, but it's so soft and the slits on both sides made it a little better. I had to put a belt with it too, which is not what I wanted to do , but the belt made it look great. I was going to give it less stars but after wearing it and getting lots of compliments and it's so comfortable I gave it more!


It's a good dress to hang out in. It's not dressy enough for a dinner out...but great for a lunch date, or just a casual evening. I belted mine and thought it looked more stylish that way. It's very soft, launders well and seems well made.


...however, the front was 2 inches longer than the back!!!  Unacceptable.  I have returned it and received a prompt refund.


It flows very nicely and the pattern looks very nice. I I ordered "S" (usually I wear between size 4-6).  It is still a little bit too big for me until I put a belt on.  I would suggest to order 2 sizes down.  It is very comfortable and great for weekends and after work.  I received a lot of compliments.  What a great value!


I wear this all the time - to the pool, out to lunch , on the plane, sleep in it. It's the perfect dress. It's very long on me, almost touching the floor and I'm 6'2" so I think most would need to hem this.


I think I will dye it brown.  Now that I see it in person there is so much more white than black;  Nice fit though and it feels great.


THIS DRESS does run a little big. It is soo comfortable and soft. the maroon looking colored one which is the one i ordered isnt maroon or red  colored at all . its brown. but still cute


