Great material ! Very comfy and soft, great for the beach.. a little long I'm 5'4 and weight 110.. and love the pockets.. you can wear it with a belt and look nice


Used to spends hundreds on organic gluten free etc etc and nothing got my cats to their healthy fluffy state like this food. They love it and I love the price


My dress arrived with a massive stain on the shoulder. I bought it for a vacation I'm leaving on tomorrow. I was SO disappointed. It's so cute and flattering, but the stain is HUGE.


Soft and comfortable. I am 5'4" and 120 lbs. I got the XS and it's still a bit too long. Cute lounging or brunch with the girls dress. Will be great for summer. Lightweight and stretchy. I love the side splits. Will be great with a long necklace and a cute straw hat. I got the gray one.


This is a super cute, casual, and comfy dress! I'm a very consistent medium being 5'8 and 155lbs but I ordered a small based off the other reviews and I'm definitely glad that I did!


This might just be the perfect dress.  I own two and got my sister one. We are not "young chicks", but we do love fashion.  Sister is a business person and loves structured things.  Me, I'm an old hippie and can still wear a dress like this and feel so boho. Sister is US sizing 10 and the Small is perfect on her. I'm a US size 12-14 and the Large fits me like a glove. I'm 5'11" so the length is good on me. Sister may hem hers.  I told her to wear a belt a blouse it over.  She's structured - she won't do that.  THE FABRIC: It is the perfect mix of light weight rayon with enough Spandex to stretch, esp. in the shoulders.  Absolutely not binding.  The fabric is weighty enough to hang perfectly.  The little box pleat in the back serves a purpose.  If you have a little booty it gives room enough for your hips to move freely and you don' get the effect of two squirrels fighting in a sack!  The deep V in front serves a good purpose too.  For us small chested girls, it OK.  If you are more endowed, you might want to add a camisole - or just be proud and show some cleavage.  BTW, I don't wear anything more than bra and panties - it feels sheer but it is NOT see through. The pockets are small, but usable - Lip gloss, car keys, even an extra camera battery are some things I've carried in the pockets. WASHING: I wash in cold water and use my homemade hair conditioner/white vinegar fabric softener.  I have found that commercially made fabric softeners tend to leave a residue on clothing.  I take it out of the washing machine, let it tumble one minute in the dryer, remove it (it looks crinkly and ugly) - hang it to dry and within 1 hour it is dry, no wrinkles, soft as silk, no shrinking.  WAYS TO STYLE: Wear as is as a nighty.  The side splits give your legs plenty of room and you don't feel bound.  Summertime: sandals with a belt to blouse over. after the sun goes down, throw on a jean jacket.  My sister's favorite: thin leggings, short booties, thin belt and an athletic type vest.


I really do think that this is one of those magical dresses that will fit just about everybody.  I'm actually back to buy one more color. I got the taupe (brown) long sleeve and the purple.  I want a lighter color, but really wish MakeMeChic would offer more colors in long sleeves.  Another plus: the fabric is so stretchy I can actually push the long sleeves way up past my elbows.  I would rather have a versatile long sleeve than cap sleeves.


I hope this helps in your decision making.  If you are still "on the fence" - remember, Prime customers get free returns, so if you are American size 6 to 16, I say take a chance!  You might just find your perfect dress!  I just saw where Amazon has added in XS and XL, so that even broadens the size range.


One other important note: These dresses are NOT Asian sizing.  Based on the product info and the three I have received, these are made to fit US clothing sized women. Hallelujah for that!  I found the Size Chart (to the right of the product image) to be accurate.


Dress arrived on time. It was obviously a return because it wreaked of smoke and some other awful smell. I washed it and the odor is gone. I'm  almost 5'9, a curvy size 14 and the L dress fits nicely. I like it best with a wide belt. The color is true to picture.  The material  is nice and comfy, almost like a thick t-shirt. The length for me is as it appears on the model. Cute casual dress for the summer.


JUST BUY THIS.  Five minutes after I got it, it was instantly my favorite summer dress.  I'm not a small gal -- size 12-14ish -- and I got a large which fits just as I wanted -- drapey, but not baggy.  When I first opened the package, I thought "Uh oh, the fabric looks clingy -- could be tough for bumps and bulges" -- well, that was totally wrong -- it's very flattering on.  The fabric is super soft to the touch and breathes well, and I love the pattern.  You can wear this like a beach cover up, or dress it up for a nice summer outfit.  It has pockets below the hips which do not look lumpy or add inches where you don't what them.  I'm 57, and don't feel ridiculous wearing this; it's a classic cut that works well for all ages. The fabric resists wrinkles, and if there are any, they fall out when you wear the dress -- perfect for stuffing in a weekend bag.  Honestly, this is the best buy in clothing I've made in a long time.


The grey dress is so cute and so unbelievably soft and comfortable.  The open side slits were too high and showed too much leg for me so I bought some cute buttons and put a couple along the side seams to close them up a little bit. The coffee color dress was horribly made and very uneven.  The left side didn't match the right side.  But the grey one is perfect.


I ordered the style with long sleeves and it is just as I'd hoped it would be. I ordered the large as I've had a mastectomy and I don't like wearing things that draw attention to my bust (they are uneven). I'm 5'6", 36DD and wear a size 8 in pants and x-large in shirts. It is a little long, but will be fine with low heels. It is not clingy and it smooths right over the places I want it to. Also, the fabric is the perfect thickness in that I won't feel weird about not wearing a slip. I will be ordering another for sure. Love it!


