Nice casual dress. Love the flow. Pockets are a real plus. The M is long on my 5'5" frame, so am thinking of taking the bottom up a bit. Wore with boots, cute!


I saw this dress on a blog in a solid color. Wasn't too sure of quality and fit. Runs true to size and the quality is great! I love this dress and its perfect for the hot South Florida weather. Plus I'm pregnant so this dress will get a lot of use! I'm 5'7" 130lbs and I got a medium. Perfect length and fit! I want one in every color


My wife: Not what I expected. It's a nice, soft t-shirt material. Not the heavier cotton linen I hoped for. It's comfortable so I'll keep it but, kindof disappointed that I spent $20 and can't wear it out of the house.


Fit is great, drapey. The only issue I have is that the design seems a little off center, but I'm really sensitive to little things like that. Otherwise, love it.


Tall girls rejoice. I'm 5'11" 150 lbs and this dress in a medium was perfect for me. I got the black which is a little see through, especially when bending so be careful. Other than that, super happy. Great casual dress or beach cover up.


What a shame. I wanted to love this dress and I did for a second... But it was a bit too large. I could have gotten over that though if it wasn't for the worst part -  It was see-through :-/ it also had this "heavy" feel to it at the top with how long it is perhaps bc it's cheap material. I'm 5''4 (124lb) and the length with the XS was just right. All the way to the toes.I got the coffee dress and I really wanted to love this one!


Feels amazing and has POCKETS! What more could you want? The material feels thick (good quality) and the slits don't go too high up the leg. Could dress up or down. Love it! I'm 5 7" 180 lb and got a large. Fit as expected - a little loose which is how I like it.


I'm 5'10" and pregnant. Usually a 14/16 pant size. They dress was not as flowy over my pregnant belly as I would have liked, but they didn't offer an XL size. At 5'10" I'm nearly too tall for this dress, but it works. It's very soft and extremely comfortable.  Can be layered for cold spring nights and I'm expecting it to be a go too this summer. My only real complaint is the slits on both sides are almost (probably really) too high for me to wear to work.


I love this dress! I am 5'5 135lbs and usually wear a medium. After reading the reviews I decided to order an extra small. It fits perfect. I'm glad I went 2 sizes down. It is long, if it were any longer it would be dragging the floor. This will be perfect for the beach or just going to the pool this summer. Very comfortable.


Perhaps I should have ordered the S instead of XS.  However, XS is long and I suppose the S is going to really drag on the floor.  Thought the style would've been more A-line, but it is really straight.


