I wear an 18 so I got XXL, but it was so tight I looked like an overstuffed sausage. No more made in China clothing for me. The sizing never matches the measurements.


I haven't worn this dress yet, but I tried it on when it arrived and it fit perfectly. Based on the reviews, I ordered a size down (medium). I'm 5'6 187 lbs. athletic build and it's perfect. Can't wait to wear it.


This dress is a gigantic dress. The model makes it look great. On me it was a total bust.


This is one of my favorite dresses. It's so comfy. The material flows nicely and is very soft. I normally wear a medium or large because I am top heavy. I've ordered two of these dresses. I also have the brown one. I ordered a size small for both and they are still kind of big, but in a good way.


Very comfortable and easy to wear, has deep pockets that are actually useful, and is long enough to trail at the top of my feet even though I am 5 ft 10 inches tall!  Definitely would recommend sizing down though, I typically get a buy a large or a size 12/14 depending and I ordered a medium in this dress and it still had a billowy, relaxed fit.


The dress looks exactly like the picture; it's super cute, soft and comfortable. One star off because after just one wash the sleeves are starting to unfold and some threads are beginning to unravel.


Love love these dresses!! I ordered four colors and love them all. I ordered small first and the fit is great- that is the size I am wearing in the photos. I'm 5'5, 125 lbs and athletic build. The second two I ordered are xs and they are smaller across the chest (which works for me.) The xs is not as flowy which I wanted so I could dress the gray and green up a bit for date night. Great dresses!!


This dress was cute but fit me a little to big.  I normally wear a large in dresses but this didn't compliment my figure like I'd envisioned.  Baggy/Loose is the style so if you want it to be a little fit, I'd say order a size down.


I ordered an XS and the fit was perfect, length also was great. I'm aprox 130 lbs 5'6/5'7 in height.


Ended up returned because the style just wasn't me, but still recommend to anyone who can rock this type of look!


It was like wearing a bag. Very unflattering. Also the front was much longer than the back. Im 5'2" and even with heels it was way too long. Had to return.


