After reading several reviews I ordered and XS I am 5'3" and 130lbs.  Its a little long but I would wear this with heals anyway.  Very flattering for a what is essentially a t-shirt dress, the fabric is nice and the extra detailing really helps to make it be better than any other t-shirt dress I have tried.  I really like the side slits and rarely wear maxi dresses because I like to show my legs so this fits the bill.  Very Good!  I get tons of compliments when I wear this dress!


I bought this for a vacation where it is very hot and humid.  The material is very soft and the fit is very nice but you get what you pay for.  The dress arrived with a hole in the right pocket. I can easily fix it, but no one should receive clothes with holes in them.


It's ok, but a seam goes horizontally across right below the bust area and the stripes don't match up so it looks kind of wonky!


This dress runs very large! I normally wear a medium (6/8) and ordered a small based on other reviews.  I guess I should have ordered XS.  The small was about 6 inches too long for me (5'5"), too.  It would work great on someone over 5'9".


I'm normally a size small but I went with an extra small after reading other reviews; It's still a little bit bigger in the waist than I prefer but I have wide shoulders that tend to make me look boxy if tops don't taper at the waist. Still LOVE this dress and looks perfect with a belt. Very light material so doesn't hold heat in, and very versatile. Will probably order more colors!


Wowzers!  I bought this 2 sizes down from what I normally wear and I was still drowning in it.  It was very see-through and so I decided to return it.


This was cute. It fit way too big. Maybe the brown wasn't the best color for me as it washed me out. I might reorder this in the future in a different color. It is light and flowy and perfect for basking in comfort!


So cute!


I'm 5'7", ordered a Medium and has about 1/2 inch that's on the floor so it's good for me.


This dress is SO comfortable. It's soft T-shirt material and has big pockets. It's my new favorite dress. Very flowy and Doesn't show sweat at all. IVe gotten so many compliments and only wore it twice. I love it. Definitely 5 stars. :)


Great cover up and day dress, added belt takes it to a dressy level. Well made, great soft fabric, sexy


