too long !!


Just too large


I bought this dress on Prime Day and received it exactly within 2 days as expected. The dress is very good quality for $19 on Amazon! The style is cute- with pockets and high slits. I am simply returning it because I do not like how it looks on my body shape- I do not think it flatters someone with a larger chest and hips. The pockets make your hips look wider. If you don't have the same shape as me, I actually highly recommend this dress as an easy summer throw- on!


I'm surprised by how much I love this dress. It is comfortable, stylish, and super inexpensive. I did read all of the reviews, so I ordered it in a medium even though I'm typically an XL--so definitely order two sizes down. I was a bit afraid it would be see-through. It is not. I was afraid it would be wrinkly. It is not. I was afraid it would be too heavy, or frumpy looking, or generally bad in some way. It is not. The best way I can describe the fabric is 'pj-material'. But because of the cut, the side slits. and the pleats and seams on the back, it does not look like pjs. I just ordered it in another color (I bought the grey, which is white and black and just now ordered the black, which is black with gold.) It's nice enough to pack for the international trip for which I ordered it.


Love the fit and style but disappointed the dress had a hole in the pocket the second I put it on. Also, a tad see through.


If I could give this item less than zero, I would. Waste of time and money. Return it to China - mmm think not. This us dimply a piece of garbage. Two pieces of elastic like fabric sewed together with pockets. I asked five other lady friends to give me their opinion. We all laughed till we had tears in our eyes at what a rip off this is. Tall, thin, skinny, fat, whatever, you will look terrible. It us now cut up into dust  rags.


This is not a summer dress. The fabric is very thick and heavy, and cheap looking, and this dress doesn't fit at all like the picture shows (though I'm built similar to the model, so it should.) I was so disappointed when I saw this dress in real life. Ugly, ugly, ugly!


Omg i love this dress..i am 5'11 and ordered large...i weigh 167 (36dd/31/42) and this flows nicely..not fitted but comfy and lounge type..it isnt see through and has bo wrinkles...material is wonderful and soft..well made..it touches the top of my feet..VERY LONG! KEEP THIS IN MIND SHORT LADIES..I AM ALMOST 6 FT..i prefer my dresses this length..so this is perfect..i got gray..


love it..want more now!!


This dress is super and soft and comfortable. I ordered an XS and it still looks like a mini. Unfortunately it stretches out after a few wears. The neckline is slowly creeping down and it's almost below by brests at this point. Accordingly, the hem is getting longer and longer.


Way too long (I am 5'5" and it drags on the floor) and could not be less flattering. Does not fall nicely on the body because of the material-clings in weird places and feels very heavy despite being a thin dress. Overall just looks bad. I am returning this dress.


