Really happy with this! This is an over sized look, so I went with my normal size - LG (5'6" about a 14-ish, bottom heavy), and you can see how it fits. I like it. This will get a lot of use, this season.


Even though it says Rayon in the description, the images made it look more cotton-y, so I went with it. It's definitely not. I ordered thinking it would be loose fitting but it's not, it's very tight, almost awkwardly so for the look they were attempting to go for. Haven't decided if I like this enough yet.


I was just looking for a comfy dress for the summer and this is perfect, the material is light and soft and I love that it has pockets.


So comfy... but it stretches as you wear it, so it gets bigger and longer as your wearing it.  Wish the side slits were not cut out so wide.


This is my go-to after work sttire. So comfortable. Love the pockets. If you can't make up your mind, let me help out. It's great, you will not regret this purchase.


Great dress. I always scope out the reviews for sizing tips. Glad I ordered two sizes down. I am 5'5" 150lb with 36DDDs, usually a M/L 8/10 and I ordered a small. It was perfect. Thin dress so you do not want it right if you have any tummy. Two sizes down should be great.


I am so disappointed! I had ordered the sea green size small previously but decided I preferred the black color. So I ordered the small in the black, assuming it would be the same fit. Unfortunately the fit is completely different! it is much smaller than the sea green.  Plus the pockets were sewn strangely and which made my hips look large and uneven. I really wanted to love this dress.


I read the reviews and decided to go ahead a try this dress. I am 5'3 and weigh 130. I am always between a small and medium, but decided to order the XS considering the reviews. The XS worked perfect and fit me exactly like it does in the picture. This dress is great material considering the price, and it was very flattering on me. I hardly write reviews, but I decided to for this dress because I loved it so much!


I love this dress.  The material is soft, it washed well, and I got lots of complements.


I really like this dress and would buy it in brown.... but my besty is holding out on me on whether it's at all flattering or not (meaning it's not so much I guess)  But it's OH SO comfy and has pockets and feels fun and flirty.  I really like it.


