I returned this item, it was too loose and it was not flattering. It just hangs, it does not hug the body. It made me look bigger and not to be rude but more like constructive advice.  Not all but many of the girls who bought this dress and uploaded a picture, this dress makes them look bigger.


Super cute dress. Follow the advice of all the other reviewers, and order a size down. I'm 5'7", 160 pounds. I ordered the medium, and it fits perfectly.


I love this dress! It's super comfy and has a nice shape. I'm 5'5" about 200 lbs. I got the XL and it fits and looks great. I wore it with a sweater and boots but it will looks just as great with a pair of sandals in the summer. I love it so much, I also ordered it in blue.


Ordered this to wear on vacation. Love the fabric very comfortable. Love the look as well. Can either wear casually or dress it up with either shoes or accessories.


So soft, fit like I expected. I'm busty normally, and I ordered this dress when 25 weeks pregnant, I got an XL. It fits perfect. Fitted enough to look cute but with plenty of room. The slits make it easy to walk in.


I feel like I can dress it up to make a cute outfit or throw it on when I go to the grocery store!


Beautiful dress! Runs big, I usually wear a medium and ordered a small, fits great but a tad long. I love it no matter! Very comfortable! Great shipping, highly recommended!


I wanted to love this dress because it was super cute. I love the fabric, I love the pattern but it was way too big.


Even though it's oversized, I thought I would keep it and use it as a house dress. For the record, I ordered an extra small -- I'm 5 foot four and 115 pounds.


I washed the dress and all the colors ran. It was brown and white to begin with and became tan and orange!


So I bleached the dress in an attempt to get the orange out of the white and the dress fell to pieces. It is now full of holes and I can't wear it at all.


It came a day late but I love the feel of this dress and the fit. I will buy more colors. For reference, I am 5'2" 130lbs. 34DD with an hourglass shape. I bought the extra small and still have room!


Small was way too long to wear with sandals for 5'5".  Why would you wear this casual boho dress with anything but sandals?  Disappointed because the fabric was substantial and the print very nice.


Adorable dress. I got a ton of compliments. Can dress it up or down and it’s really good how you doing those problem areas of your body you like to hide.


