I'm so glad I got this dress. I love it! I'm 5'4" 180 lbs with sort of a pear shape and I ordered a medium size. I love the way it fits and looks. Very comfy. I can dress it up or down. It's a little long, so heels are a must.


I love this dress!  Thank goodness I read the reviews about sizing.  I am 5' 9.5" and wear a 16-18.  I always buy tall XL and prefer XXL.  I like my clothes loose.  I am including a picture of me in a large wearing boots with 2" heels.  I love the fit and flow of this dress.  I carry my weight in my hips, so I think I willl probably stitch up the pockets and snip them off. The material is very stretchy, and light weight, but not see through.  I love that this material doesn't wrinkle, perfect for packing!


This dress fits perfect. I am 5ft 6" and weigh 171 pounds, I got a small. Since I have more muscle than fat, I can get away with getting X smalls in some dresses. I wanted it to fit like the model so I sized up. I am a little jiggly in the lower stomach area but nothing a shaper won't fix. This dress hugs your curves in every way.


The perfect boho number that can be taken through the seasons! The fit is great even on a petite like me. :)


Love this dress. It's exactly what I was looking for. Maxi with sleeves and pockets. It is a little long but works well with a little heel. I also added a belt to give more shape. Super cute, soft, and comfortable!


I love this dress! I am a size 12/14 and a 36DD and I think this dress in a medium fits me perfectly. It's a teeny bit long on me (I'm 5 foot 6) but if I pull the neck up a bit it's fine. It's very soft and stretchy enough to be comfortable but not so much as to feel like, slinky or heavy, if that makes sense.  I think it's pretty slimming and I don't even have my little spanx-like shorts on in the photo. It's also a decent quality material, as you can't even really see my royal blue-colored bra beneath it unless you look really closely. I get the feeling I'm going to be ordering more of these!


I ordered this dress for beach day at school, I LOVE IT!! I received so many compliments on it, I would order the coffee colored one if it were in my size. I ordered a medium, because I like my dresses to be a little more flowy, I should've ordered a small, because it is plenty flowy on its own. I washed it before I wore it and didn't shrink or run the colors. Def deserves 5 stars!!


There are lots of problems with this dress. I returned mine, but somehow, I think I'm still going to order another in the off chance I just got a really messed up one. First of all, it's nothing like the dress pictures. I got the blue and it's wayyyyy more blue than white, which luckily, I actually like better, but it should be known it's not the pictured material at all. It also arrived with one pocket having a massive hole. Like, my entire hand goes through this hole. If it was just that, I would've kept it, bc 50% of your pockets functioning isn't terrible. But it's just cut alllllll wrong. It is sewn in like a spiral around your body and hangs like it! The slit that is supposed to be on my right side is actually in front and the slit that should be on my left is more like on the back of my leg. And i don't just have a crooked body because when hung straight on a hanger, it looks like a front slit. And then there is the sizing, I ordered a small bc I'm short and all the reviews say it's huge. There is no tag telling you what size you even have and it's about 4 inches too long. I think it's a safe bet that they're all one size no matter what you order. I actually like it enough that it would be worth the holey pocket and taking it to be hemmed IF it wasn't all twisty :/ Sigh. Should've known.


I'm 5'7", a size 14 so I was nervous the large would be too snug. It's not. It's a stretchy material, float, modest and comfortable.


It arrived full of holes! Awful! I want a another or my money back! I reclaim!


