This dress is so comfortable! Not to mention great quality :)


The dress is good. Mine came with a few spare strings I need to cut off but that’s not a huge deal to me. I’m 5’4” and wear a 12/14 and ordered a large. It fits perfect. Very true to size and not too long; it barely touches the floor on me. The pockets do draw attention to your hips and make them look bigger. Overall I can’t wait to take the dress on vacation. For the price you can’t beat it.


Like the style but the seams are twisted so it hangs lopsided.  Also has tiny holes in the back. Disappointing.


One of the most comfortable dresses I own. I love that it has pockets. I can dress it up for down, wear it to work, as a coverup or lounge around the house with my newborn nursing. Super soft and stretchy.


I really hate this dress. The material is awful and it has no shape or flow to it. It just hangs there and is quite heavy. It might be nice if it was a cotton blend or something soft but the material makes it feel more like a bathing suit or costume. I'm about 5' 3" and 120 lbs and the small is way huge on me. It doesn't look like any of the pictures. I would think twice before ordering.


I actually love this dress but the quality is poor. I wore and washed it once and it has small holes all over the back of the dress. For one wear that seems pretty ridiculous. It's unfortunate because part of me wants to order again but I don't want to spend more money on something with such bad quality, even if it is cute on!


Best dress I have ordered on Amazon yet! Its cute, flowy and perfect for summer or Fall. I can't wait to wear this with a jean jacket or dress it up with a belt and some wedges!


So comfortable, cute and soft. I'll buy from this seller again.


Great fit and love the feel!  Soft fabric, looks as pictured and adorable belted at the waist.


I really wish this dress fit me but it was too big. I was so bummed because I loved the soft material, the pockets, the beige colors. I'm 5'4", 120 pounds and I ordered the extra small. The length was VERY long. I would have hemmed it but I would have had to hem a LOT of the length off. The neck line was WAY to LOW for comfort. The material was a little stretchy and knowing my 3 year and 6 year old kids who hang all over me the neck line would pull down to expose a lot. And then to top it all off it's very see through. Oh well. Just not for me.


