Unfortunately, I found the fit of this to be unflattering on my body. I tried belting it, and it still didn't look right. I am 160, 5'4", 36C. I ordered an Xtra Small, and it "fit", but was still HUGE, like Pajamas. I don't care for the material, it's a very stretchy/thin rayon/spandex/jersey type and it hangs on my body strangely in all the wrong places. If you are 6 foot and rail thin, I think this would work well. Unfortunately, it does nothing for my curves and the pockets make my hips look lumpy and bigger than they are. I really wanted to like this, but I will be returning. Also, it is see-through. My panty line and bra was in full-view. Would work great as PJS.


I usually wear a large, but the medium fits me with the exception of being way too long.  I am 5'1" and I noticed other reviews said they could just wear it with heels.  That will not be an option for me given how long it really is. Not sure how easily it can be hemmed either because of the tapered hemline.  So, if you're short, it might not be worth it.


I LOOOOOOVE this dress. Pretty much the only dress  I wore all summer. YAAASSS!!! I'm 5'10, 190, athletic build, and I ordered the large. This dress is so flattering and I receive compliments everywhere. I. Go! It's soft to the touch, doesn't wrinkle, light weight, can be dressed up or down, easy to wear, easy to pack-remove-and go, and makes me appear slimmer -- double bonus! The pockets are awesome, but I don't use them. However, I appreciate the option of having them. I also love the V-neck. I plan to order more!


My new fav boho chic dress! Got the blue


I'm 5'7 and 155 pounds and ordered a medium and it fits perfect! I think I could have even gotten a small because it's a natural loose fit. Material is nice and stretchy and color did not bleed after I washed it. It is a heavier material so I feel as if the dress kind of pulls down but overall great dress!


Perfect!  Bought it for a vacation to Mexico.  Perfect to wear for dinner in the warm evenings.  Comfortable fabric and a nice weight.  I am about a size 6 or 8 in dresses and this size was perfect.  It was just a tad long for walking...but I tied it at the bottom and it was very cute with the tie as well.


I ordered a small per other reviews I am 5'1 and 125lbs 38C the small fit perfect loose throughout and not tight on the chest at all. The length is too long even with a heel but a belt looked great with it. The material is super soft and the coffee color was not see through. The pockets were not a problem I don't have hips and they hang past my hips anyway. Very pleased.


Super cute dress, the straps are adjustable which is nice if you have a larger bust.


I removed one star because it runs a little short. Though I am 5'11", I had ordered this in the brown shirt sleeve and the length was perfect so I was bummed that the spaghetti strap black one was shorter.


Even still, it's soft and flows and super comfortable. Perfect cover up for the beach or everyday wear.


I love this dress however it is very long I'm 511 and it's really long on me so I tighten the knot either in the front or in between  It's great to wear with nice little shoes and a hat like the model shows.  It has pockets which is awesome I would recommend this dress to anybody but if you're short  you might have to do some hemming


nice material, super soft and comfy.  love the pockets!  I am 5'6 137 lbs and ordered a small based on the measurements listed in description (not the Amazon chart).  There's plenty of room in the dress, and it's not see through, even in the light color.  pleased with my purchase.  Wish I would have purchased the blue or purple one too!


