The material is nice. I am 5 ft. 4in. and the dress was a little long with flat sandals. It looked better with heels.


This is a beautiful deress!!! The fabric is super soft!! Perfect for all tips of bodies... I think the runs a little big but not too much.


I purchased a size M and fits  a little loose maybe the small will fit good also, I think I am in between sizes so I will stay with the size M. I am 5’7’’ H and 152 lb. Very very happy with my purchase!!!!


Very comfortable. Can be transform from boho/ beach dress to an relaxed office look/style. Bought a bigger size that I would normally wear. Fabric is average and has well coverage.


I guess this might have looked different on me because I'm tall and well endowed. I also shouldn't have gotten an XL. But it looked like a moo-moo on me. Like a giant baggy t-shirt. It was super comfy...I just looked like a slob in it. Returned.


I was so excited for this dress and not only did it arrive SUPER quickly but it’s also everything I’ve ever hoped it would be. I saw another woman wearing it recently and complimented her. I was surprised when she told me where to find it. I’m 31 weeks pregnant, 5’4, (NOT telling you my weight sorrynotsorry) and I ordered a medium. I’m not sure I’ll ever take this dress off it’s so stinking comfortable and perfect fitting. Like seriously. You’ll have to pry it off me.


This is huge. It definitely runs big. I ordered a small. I'm 5'4, 135 lbs. I like the pattern though and it's really soft. This will be great for the pool/beach. I'll probably order more but this time in a extra small.


This runs pretty big so consider going a size down. I ordered both the gray and the brown, however, I returned the brown because sleeves were different from what was pictured - almost like a cap sleeve which I don't like. Overall a lovely summer boho dress.


I LOVE this dress, it is honestly so cute. It's very comfortable and has a nice weight to it. My advice would be to size down because I am typically on the larger side of Medium and I could've easily done with a Small. The Medium still fits nicely, it is just a tad long.


I love this dress! It is super soft and the color was just like the picture. I will definitely buy more in other colors. It is great for pool parties, work (I work at a Wellness Center). I order the Medium and I am 5"2 and 160 pounds.


This is a clingy fabric -- not 100% cotton.  Having said that, I liked the more tapered fit vs the super flowy fit.  So order according to your desires as the size runs appropriate for a flowy - fit.  I usually order a L, but ordered a medium.  I like the fit.


