I absolutely love this dress!  I always get compliments.  Can be styled very cute and soooo light weight and comfortable!!!  Perfect for summer.  Cannot beat this for the price!  I have gotten 3 different colors!


This dress is very flattering and lightweight. I bought it for a family vacation to Cancun and it quickly became a staple! Easy and comfortable. I'm buying more in the other colors ASAP!


Love this dress! Easy to breastfeed in, the pink is vibrant and beautiful, the material is thick and high quality, but very breathable and good for a hot day. Will make a cute maternity dress for the next baby too! A little clingy for a postpartum tummy, but soooo comfy. I just put some high waist underwear on with it and a strapy white sports bra and we’re good to go!


Pockets???? The pockets hang out and I’ve tried everything to keep them in place. I’d give 5 stars but the pockets hang out. Very disappointed 😔


Beautiful Dress


Size & fit is perfect


I'm 5'7" - so length is perfect


Love how comfortable it is & looks great with a denim jacket!


Not the best quality and see through. Also the pockets aren’t as graceful as they seem the photo. They bulge out and look horrible.


I ordered a size down. It fits really well, but my ample backside is really highlighted in this dress due to the material an the pattern. Oh well, it's really comfortable.


This dress is sooo comfy. I mainly use it in the house but I have gone to the grocery store and still looked put together.


Runs big as stated...very cheaply made slits did not even line up...one was in the middle of my thigh the other on the side where it should be. That seam on the back is a different story. Will be sending back.


I'm 5'2" and about 115 lbs. I ordered an XS and it fits like an XL. Even in 4" high heels I am still tripping over it. I'm taking it to a tailor to hem it because I want to keep it and I think it's really comfortable. Will probably not wear it out like I thought I'd be able to, but it would be a good bathing suit cover up / thing to wear around the house when I'm PMSing.


