I purchased this dress for my baby sisters wedding. And it was a hit. I got so many compliments on it, and my sister was very surprised at the quality of the dress after finding out where I got it. I have since worn it several times, and I could not be more happy with this purchase.


Purchased this dress for my 16 year old daughters Catholic Confirmation Mass (she needed to be in red). I figured she would probably only wear the dress once so I didn't want to spend too much money on anything too fancy. So I ended up with this dress. Just got it in and had her try it on..... OMG we love it!!!  It is simple yet elegant, timeless.  She wears a true size 10, and this was the perfect size. I couldn't resist trying it on myself, yes another perfect fit!  I wear between a 10/12, and it looks good on me as well. I told her that if she doesn't want it after her event, I'll definitely move it to my closet. The fabric is 95% cotton 5% spandex so it has a bit of stretch to it. The red is VIBRANT and has a bit of a shine to it (although not much, just enough to look nice & not cheep).  I am very satisfied with it and can't wait for her to wear it.


I love this dress. It is very comfortable and I am pleased with how it fitted. I wear an extra large  but I ordered a 2x for comfort. I have three of these dresses. I'm in love with them. It arrived on time. package very well. Needed to iron but that's okay.


I really love these retro cut dresses and this one is no exception. The form is very flattering for all body types. At 5'3 and about 155lbs, I run on the curvy side. I'm a 36C and have wider hips so I ordered a large figuring some extra room up top would be good. I probably could have gotten a medium. It still fits pretty nicely though it's a little bit looser up top than I would have expected. It's also long, I will have to get it taken up about 6 inches to have it fall just above the knee, which is no big deal. The stitching seems pretty solid and well made. The fabric itself isn't the greatest and it doesn't look as fine as in the pictures but overall I really like it and look forward to wearing it out. I would however recommend getting some sort of skinny belt to complete the look; I went with a skinny gold belt and it looks great. This dress is great to get dolled up if you wanna throw on heels or you can wear it more casually by pairing it will flats and a little cardigan. If you're into this type of look it is definitely worth buying for the price. If you're tall you probably won't need to alter it at all but if you're on the shorter, curvier side like me, you may have to pay (usually about $12 at your local cleaner) to bring it up if you can't do it yourself. I plan on ordering another one in Medium in black down the road.


Don't let the material fool you when I first open the package I thought it looked cheap but decided to give it a chance so glad I did I loved it hugs my waist perfect ordered a medium probably could of fit a large but I don't mind it being a little tight I'm 5.4" 150 lbs 36D size10 in jeans (looks best with GRACE KARIN Petticoat Tutu Crinoline Underskirt I don't like how it looks without it) wish it came with a skinny belt instead of that shiny red ribbon


I received a lot of compliments when I work this dress to an event. Will purchase more! I purchased this dress in a Large. I'm 5'21/2 and 156 lbs and this was a perfect fit.


Perfect dress! I ordered the black dress with white floral print in the XXL, even though my measurements are larger for that size at 45-39-46. I'm 5 '3" , 187#, 40DD bra. The dress hits at just below my knees, my 26 inch petticoat peaks out about an inch, just the way I like it. I was worried that the bodice would be too tight, and while it's snug, it's very comfortable and doesn't squish the girls down. The fabric is very comfortable against my skin, feels breathable. When I tried this dress on, I didn't want to take it off, I wanted to go right out and show off how good I looked!  I will try to add a photo at a later time.


The only very minor negative is the sash. I replaced it with a 3" wide belt that has more structure to it. Easy fix.


This is a very classy style that many body types could wear.  I highly recommend this dress.


The material is excellent, especially for the price. Just right weight. Soft on the inside, firm and shiny on the outside. I just got it, but it seems like it will not wrinkle easily and will last a while.


This fit perfectly everywhere except the bust. It doesn't make sense to me that the waist would be so roomy and the chest area so tight. Especially since there was extra room in the upper back area. It's like they just didn't know how to distribute the fabric or something. Also, I'm not sure why dresses are still being made with back zippers. Side zippers are so much easier for consumers to handle.


Overall it's still cute, though. The tightness in the bust area is easy to feel, but at least it doesn't look too tight while it's on (so others can't see your pain lol). So I'm considering keeping it anyways. Maybe I can have it let out a bit or something.


I adore this dress. The fabric, the print, the fit, the fullness of the skirt, the quality. It's as perfect as I hoped it would be. I bought a US Large (UK XL) size and it was exactly to the size chart specs. Beware that this runs true to size and the fabric has little give, so be sure to check the size chart before ordering.


I have gotten a lot of compliments on my dress and I love it!


I bought these in white for my bridesmaids. We liked the cut, and I was looking for a dress that was at least 75% cotton because I was tie-dying the dresses. They came out perfect and they fit all 3 of my bridesmaids well! It fit them all a little different, because they varied in height and physical size a little (even though they were the same size according to the size chart for the dress). In the end, I am 100% satisfied!


