Quality fabric perfect weight for summer coloring different from picture but a lovely dress. Order size larger than your regular size I wear a large but had to order a 2x.


My dress fit so well...the cut and style is so amazing....just as I imagined...the classic look I need to complete my 20th Anniversary Celebration.


Love the style and cut of this dress.  I now own four - the black with white etchy flowers, black, dark blue, and light blue.  I watch the colors available and will be ordering more.  I am a chestier gal and was looking for dresses to wear to work and these fit the bill perfectly.  I wear a 38G (ordered a size XXL), and these dresses accommodate the gals without compressing them. Also a must for an office job - the boatneck cut doesn't show cleavage.  The flare bottom doesn't cling to my hips or legs and gives enough flare to hide what I want hidden without looking like a tent.


Another bustier reviewer noted that the 'waist line' comes just under the breasts....this is true but I don't mind.  For me, that gives the flare an opportunity to work it's magic sooner =]


The only downside I have is that the light blue shows wrinkles like crazy.  I iron it in the morning and by the time I get to work I look like I practically rolled out of bed with it on.  The two black colored dresses don't really show wrinkles and the dark blue hides them ok.


Finally, you will need to iron this dress. Please, please, please, please, please iron this dress.  It doesn't look quite right if you don't, and you want to make sure the dress looks sleek to showcase your best self!


Great dress. Fit well and looks good on. Arrived on time.


Returned the dress.


Super cute! I'm 5 ft 7, falls right below my knees. Wish it was a little longer. I got the small. Fits nice. Looks like the picture for sure.


Beautiful dress - great fabric.


LOVE IT!! IT FITS AMAZING. I WILL BUY IN OTHER COLOR.


Great quality dress!


Wore it to a semi formal dress and put a petty coat under to poof it out. Fit perfectly, nice material. Worn it many times since. I love this dress!


