I loved this dress I got it for my wedding which was just a small elopement. I tried it on one time and it fit amazing! I was so excited and happy with how great it looked. I put it on 20 minutes before my wedding was to start and two minutes after putting it on the zipper start to come undone right in the center and it could not be repaired. I ended up wearing a cover over it because the whole back was open. If the zipper hadn’t of broke i would definitely give this 5 stars. I also bought a petticoat to go under it.


LOVE this dress!!


I ordered the navy/grey/light blue floral pattern. It is a very pretty pattern and nice colors!


Perfect summer work dress. Long enough to feel professional, just a bit past the knee. A GREAT full skirt that is comfortable and fun.


I wore this to work for a on-screen tv interview, and got tons of compliments from co-workers and strangers alike.


Only two downsides:


The dress is a little stiff. I'm hoping the fabric will break in and soften a little as I wear / wash it more.


The back of the dress is high and was a little loose on me. For the most part it seemed fine, but I would occasionally notice if the dress rode up at all, it would stick out awkwardly at the back of my neck. I'm sure I can solve this with a little tailoring, so for the price I think this isn't a deal breaker.


It's a really cute dress! I might even order it in another color.


I'm a small and this dress runs big on the top portion


This is going to be a fun one to wear! The husband liked it so much that I went back and ordered the same dress in another print. Easy to dress down with cute wedges and a denim jacket or dress up with classy heals. Great for short and curvy girls like myself. Gives a very flattering waistline while giving room for the hips to breath, without looking like you're wearing a circus tent.


I feel like AniCoco dresses were made for me. They always fit perfect and the patterns are whimsical. I own a solid purple and white with a Peter Pan collar and a sleeveless rockabilly dress with a black and green pattern. Unfortunately those are the only two Styles they have available on Amazon. I checked periodically and will definitely buy any other patterns they make available.


I love this dress! I ordered two, one in XL and one in XXL because I wasn't sure on the sizing. I'm keeping both! I'm 5'7 & usually wear a 14/16. The XXL is a little big but with a belt it's great! The XL fits slightly snug in the chest but otherwise it's also a great fit. Plus they are the perfect length, well below my knee. I also got a petticoat to wear with them and it adds so much to the look:) Such a great buy!


Love this dress! The fabric was nice and comfortable and it fit true to size. The dress did come with the red ribbon but it is detachable and I chose not to wear it.


The dress itself is very pretty: nice fabric (pretty pattern, good weight), nice lines, fit is true to the size chart. But the construction of the zipper is utter garbage: super-cheap nylon zipper with extremely shallow teeth, so the second you put a tiny bit of pressure on it, the zipper splits. I'm probably going to keep the dress, because it's awfully cute, but buying a new zipper and paying a seamstress to put it in will more than double the cost of the dress. Especially if you're on the busty side (causing the torso to fit a bit snugly), beware.


Love the dress! I have received so many compliments on it , it was almost overwhelming. Got it in black , size XL because I read from reviews it runs small. I am 5"6, 177lbs and 38C. Fits well. A tad bit large at the waist so I added a belt but I think a size smaller may have been too tight in bust area. Super comfortable but does wrinkle easily as well as collect lint and stuff hence the 4 stars. Hit me below the knees. Thinking about ordering in different colors!


I am just under 5’6”. 124 lbs.  32dd. Usually wear size 2-4 or small. small fits me perfectly, like it was tailored!  Fabric is decent.  Even though it’s 70% polyester, it feels more like cotton.  The ribbon at the waist is a smidge flimsy/polyester but it does the job....  I was thinking of pairing it with a real belt anyway.


