This is my second Anni CoCo dress.  I absolutely love the stretch fabric, and the fit.  I get so many compliments on all of my Anni Coco dresses.  I am a fluctuating 12-14 in size with a 38D bust and I always order the XXL.  They fit like a charm.  I wash them in the regular wash, and they iron up nicely.  Great price for a great product!!! I just hope that they will come out with more styles.


This dress is so beautiful. It fits well has a little spandex for a little stretching. Also very flattering and hides problem areas. A multi purpose dress. Can be worn to the office with a blazer, add a pearl necklace without the blazer you will have a  different look or wear a petticoat under and there is another look.


Dress is super cute. It seems a little cheaply made, especially the zipper but since the price was low I’m ok with that. I wear a 16-18 and the 2X was a little tight through the bust and belly. I wore it with a black petticoat.


Overall I really like this dress, I usually order a large but with this dress I could have ordered a medium as the material has some stretch, I love the way it hangs, I purchased the petticoat to go underneath and I have just the look I was trying to acheive, I plan on ordering another dress just in a different color so I will order the medium next time, can't wait for the cocktail party.


Loved it !!!!.... Loved it !!!! I've just received this beautiful dress and is perfect! The material, the style, everything !!!! I am not the type of posting pictures, specially that this dress is for Christmas's eve, however, I am ready to order more from this seller. Highly Recommended


The material is pretty good, and it has a bit of stretch to it. It looks like it would be a of a challenge to iron. My only concern is that the torso length is just barely long enough, and I don't know if it will shrink in the wash.


Fit was fabulous and just as expected. Received numerous compliments on the cute fabric as well as the flattering fit. Would buy a few more of these in various prints. Shipping was speedy and it was packaged beautifully.


sadly had to return, th epackage said xl the dress was xxl, yet it did not fit i wear between a large and xl - i played it safe and ordered an xl, much too small, the zipper would not go up past my torso. This is why i gave it a 2 star rating.


Overall very nice dress, nice fabric - just runs too small if your a large - the xxl won't fit


Wore this dress as a bridesmaid outfit for a wedding. It was definitely flattering and compliments your curve. Also light weight and comfortable. Didn't need a petti coat to make the dress flair, just iron it and it's good to go. (Size xxl)


Beautiful dress. I'm 5'4 about 190lbs and wear either L/XL. I ordered an XL and the dress fit perfectly with just a little extra space for comfort..definitely not too lose or tight.  I looks great with or without the petticoat I ordered. Ill definitely be ordering more


