Very cute dress. I am 5'5" 110 lbs 35-27-36 and the US size small fit perfectly like it was custom made. I have not worn or washed it yet, only pressed out the wrinkles. You can wear with or without a petticoat. I bought a petticoat to have the option of wearing one and I love the look with the petticoat. I have skinny arms and a slender upper body. I would recommend this to pear shapes or straight up and down body types. If you are top heavy, this might not work or it might depending on the look you want. Just remember the waist is very fitted. Might also work with some high rise spanx to slim the waist. Here is the petticoat I bought to use under all my dresses like this.


The dress was very pretty. The fabric was a heavy cotton with a little give. The dress came to below my knees (I'm 5'5"). Unfortunately the top was a little tight for me (I'm a 40dd) not a lot of give. The dress fit okay on the bottom, hung well and the skirt flares nicely without a petticoat. I am returning the dress bc the top fit tight, which raised the fitted party of the waistline. Will try again


This dress is so spectacular I ordered two more! Would recommend it to anyone. For the price I was pleasantly surprised at the quality. I usually order items in this price range and expect I will have to alter or play with them in some way sewing wise, not so with this one. Perfect one to wear as a layer underneath or by itself. I am however very small on the top so I do not know if it would be right to size for a different bust measurement, but the measurements were perfect for me.


I wore this dress at my sister-in-law's graduation and it was perfect! I received a lot of compliments and was asked multiple times where I got the dress from. I am 5'2" tall and weighs 137lbs. I usually order small and medium sized clothing. I have 38DD and 38inches hips so with this dress, I ordered Medium size and it was perfect! It actually made me look few pounds lighter. It was very comfortable wearing this dress even after eating a big dinner. =)


Fits like a glove.. for the bust size  which i am a 40G, 5"5,and weighing at 202lbs.. please get a 2xl! Sorry  for my dog in the pictures! Sam loves to be close to me at all times !! Will be purchasing more colors!!


I'm 5', 115lb with a 26" waist. I purchased a small and it fits well. The skirt falls to a couple of inches below my knees. I was expecting this dress to be more pink but the color is actually peach. It's still a pretty print and I like it enough to keep it.


The fabric is heavier than I thought it would be, but that was a pleasant surprise. My disappointment is in the construction. My dress arrived with a huge gap in the zipper stitching, so the zipper was impossible to close. I had to hand stitch it back into place. There is also some visible puckering along the neckline from the fabric not laying flat as it was sewn together, which I'm not experienced enough to fix.


I still think it's a pretty good value for the price. It's very hard to find an inexpensive dress with a full skirt like this one. I didn't love it as much as I had hoped I would, but it's still a cute dress.


Very cute but wrinkles super-easily.  Make sure you own a clothes steamer to release wrinkles and a lint roller-- lint can cling to this dress like no other, and it'll be super noticeable.


This is a really cute summer dress, I like the pink floral pattern.  The material is not my favorite.  It is stiff and not very soft.  I am a medium, and it fit around just fine, if maybe a bit snug, so if you'd like it looser and and not snug-fit, order a size up.  However, for me this dress will not work and I must return it because I am 5' 8" and have a long torso and this dress is designed for a shorter stature.  The seam between the bodice and the skirt hits at my ribcage, a good couple inches above my natural waist, and it makes the dress too "babydoll" on my frame, so it just won't work.  The length, on my longer frame, hit right at the knee, and was good, because I really don't like dresses that are too short and I have to worry about flashing things I don't want seen, but the shortness of the bodice makes this dress a deal-breaker for me and it is going back.


It looks great! I bought it for a Belle cosplay for a con, looks amazing and fits really well! Super impressed with the quality of the dress. I'll probably be using it if I ever do an Alice in Wonderland cosplay too. It's almost a little too big (like a teeny bit) but that's good because I may gain weight! Bravo! Feels like it wrinkles easily but fingers crossed that it doesn't look too wrinkly after a day of Con. I've linked to the apron if you want it (though we had to hem it (badly) so that the length would be right: 


This is a fun, bright, swing dress that is well made and comfortable. I love the fact that it is made of a nice quality cotton and extremely comfortable to wear on hot, muggy days. It has a generous amount of fabric in the skirt and comes to about knee length on a medium height person. The back zipper is hidden and gives a seamless appearance to the garment as well.


I did order a size larger than normal because of what other reviewers had said, and I am glad that I did. The fabric did shrink a bit on the first washing, but not significantly and it actually fits better following the wash, so the size may be determined according to this. It is because of this shrinkage that I am rating it a four instead of five stars. Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase and tempted to order others from this reasonable company.


