Very nice quality dress - 95% cotton, which is surprising.  Large circle skirt, looks best with the underskirt (not included).  I added the belt.  Please note that it runs a little large - I usually wear a 14-16, so I got the XXL, I might return it for the XL.  Good color though and the length is good (not too long).


Loved the look and the fit! This dress was a gift for my daughter who is a third grade teacher. She had the children design the dress! Then she wore it to the High Schools senior graduation, it was a Huge success! Thank you!


Love the fit. LOVE the color more!! It's perfect


Picture with and without petticoat


Verry good


I like it, but with the dress made of cotton without any pattern, all the wrinkles are very visible. The other dress "GRACE KARIN® Sleeveless Cotton Vintage Tea Dress with Belt VL6086 (Multi-Colored)" that I bought from amazon is almost identical in shape and size, but being patterned it doesn't show wrinkles easily. The second problem I have is location of waistline. I'm 5'8" (which is taller than average), and these dresses are made for average or shorter than average person - the waistline hits for me an inch and a half above the waist. The skirt reaches for me mid-knee. If you are one of the taller ladies, try MUXXN dresses on amazon - "MUXXN Women's 1950s Retro Vintage Cap Sleeve Party Swing Dress" was the only one that fit me at the natural waist.


He said: Va-va-VOOM!!! I bought this dress for my lady to wear and oh my HEPBURN does she look amazing! She wore her peep-toe super high pinup pumps and a tiny black belt and I was in visual heaven. HOT!


She said: The Mister bought this because he likes to call me "kitten" and "cupcake" and tell me to go make him a sandwich. Nah, I'm just kidding, he knows better (and doesn't want to have to eat through a straw). He bought it because he worships the ground I walk on and I happen to like wearing pretty dresses. Honestly, I am always skeptical of ordering clothing online - I haven't had a whole lot of luck in previous attempts - so I didn't want to get my hopes too high for this dress, either. I was pleasantly surprised that the packaging looked a lot more professional than some clothing items I've bought online - it was folded neatly and not just crammed into a plastic bag all willy-nilly. It came with an actual company tags like you would buy clothing in a store, and looked much more legit than I expected - although the "English" wording on the tags indicates it is foreign in nature, you can tell by the incorrect grammar. It also came with a little tote bag (to be honest, this is nothing special, it's made from the same fabric the reusable grocery sacks are and looks like a giant sized one with an odd saying printed on it -but since this was a freebie and not even included in the description I'm not complaining about it one single bit).


Now for the dress itself - the fabric is on the thin side, but not see-through thin. The top of the dress is fully lined, and the bottom is just a single layer of fabric. I would wear this with a petticoat anyhow to enhance the fullness (it really DOES make a huge difference in the look of the dress - don't sell yourself short, try it with a petticoat) so the dress being on the thin side is a plus so I don't get too hot in it. I believe the fabric to be 100% cotton, but since there isn't an indication on the tag I'm not certain, just going by the feel of the fabric. I'm probably going to hand wash this dress in cold and hang it up to dry as I really don't want it to shrink at all. I did see a few stray threads but nothing that appears to be detrimental to the craftsmanship of the dress. It went on easily and the zipper moved freely, no issues at all getting it on.


To help with sizing, I normally wear anywhere from a 10-12 in misses jeans and dresses or a 13 in juniors jeans. I wear medium or large tops, and when I use a measuring tape to measure my bust/waist/hips my numbers are 42, 37, 43. I wear a 36DD bra. I bought the XL and it fit exactly as I needed it to. FYI this fabric really has no "give" to it, it's not made of a stretchy material at all, so if you're hoping it will stretch it's probably not going to fit right. I would definitely recommend sizing up at least one size from your normal size. The dress hits me right at the knee, lengthwise. There is sufficient roominess in the chest area without being baggy, and same for the armholes. The waist fits great, and when you add a belt to cinch it in just a smidge it's perfection.


I gasped at my own reflection once I had it on. It really is a beautifully styled dress, such classic old Hollywood glamour. I wish they made more clothing like this, as it makes me feel so feminine and lovely. It's definitely much better than some of the cheap foreign clothing I have seen on Amazon lately that doesn't fit unless you're a 12 year old prepubescent girl. It's fairly well made and it leaves room for a curvy woman like myself to show off her stuff without being skintight.I would recommend accessories like peep-toe pinup pumps, and a skinny belt - and as long as you match your belt to your shoes, the possibilities are almost endless! I tried with black belt/shoes, white belt/shoes, yellow belt/shoes and red belt/shoes and they all looked fabulous, though I think personally I love the white best, with the black second best. It also looks adorable with a tiny little half cardigan sweater and would probably go well with white satin gloves if you really want to be super glam.


I really LOVE this dress and can't wait to wear it out on the town.


*** We purchased this item at a promotional discount in exchange for an honest review. Our opinions are our own. ***


Beautiful dress. It fits snug around the arm area. I love the way the material flows when you incorporate a petticoat underneath it. The zipper is hard to get up and down around the seams, but it get easier. This was the perfect dress for my sister's wedding.


I bought two sizes, large and medium. Currently I'm wearing mediums, sometimes smalls. I just didn't know how it would fit. The medium was perfect. The dress is simple, but perfect because of that. I used it for my Belle Halloween costume, but I would definitely wear it for another occasion. And if you like to twirl with a skirt, then this is the dress for you!


I read reviews before ordering. I am 5'4 138. I ordered a LARGE even though I don't consider myself a large! It fit PERFECT! Who's going to see the size but you?! I can't even count the compliments. Wore to a Charleston bachelorette dinner.  One random stranger said that I looked like a doll on his grandma's shelf that he was never allowed to touch. Talk about feeling good?! Paired with a red belt, red heels, red petticoat, and a red flower in my hair! CLASSY 5 STARS! Will definitely order another color!


