I love this dress so much that I keep ordering it again in different colors. The basic A-line is pretty and flattering and basic enough that people don't notice that it's the same dress because I can change out the accessories I wear with it. The material is heavy enough that it doesn't cling unflatteringly, but not too heavy to be unbearable in the summer heat. The skirt has the perfect amount of fabric without needing any crinoline underneath. The neckline does come up kind of high, but not uncomfortably so. I have the royal blue and the fabric is shiny enough that people have thought it was silk; I also have the green and black geometric and the pattern is so classy and interesting. I always got tons of compliments when I wear either.


One word of caution: you will need to be high-waisted to wear it and have it fit well. I am 5'8", 147 pounds, and the Large fits perfectly after that first wash (note: do NOT dry in the dryer; hang dry and then iron). The dress comes right to my knees so I can see someone shorter needing to have it taken up.


See through - not sure why anyone would want a see through dress? And very cheap cloth


It's perfect. I cannot wait to wear it on my wedding day.


Quick delivery!  Beautiful dress!  Looks and feels great!


Dress fits great. Looks so nice.


It is so vintage! Excellent fabric quality and workmanship. Love wearing this dress!


Love the dress, looks very nice on, if I had to complain at all it would be the material is a little thin. Otherwise love it!!


Great dress!  It was a bit long but I'm short so that was expected!  Love these dresses! Shipping was fast! Will be ordering more!


I ordered up a size than what I normally get and it fits perfectly. The dress is beautiful and I received many compliments on it. Will definitely have to get it in another color!


I brought this dress for my sister. Beautiful dress and good quality fabric. She's  5'6 180 lbs 36DD and a XXL was somewhat too big.


