Sizing is totally off. I'm a 12-14 and bought xxl based on other reviews and I couldn't zip the back! Also if you are tall or have a long torso, this won't sit properly on your frame.


Beautiful dress. I usually wear a XL / 16 and I got the XXL in this dress. It's soooo pretty. I'm 5'11" and it comes to my knees. I definitely need more.


I am completely disgusted with this dress. First of all, it is covered in a ton of small stains. Secondly, it is not cut as shown. It is like a big cheap unstructured table cloth. Fabric is hard and scratchy. Came completely wrinkled as if it had been worn. And worst of all, it had a HUGE hole in the back next to the zipper. This company should be ashamed.


I love vintage style dresses, and when I had the opportunity to buy this at a discount in return for an honest review, I had to give it a try.  I wear a lot of mod cloth/Emily & Finn/Retrolicious dresses, and as much as I love them all, it can get expensive.  This dress is a great alternative, the quality isn't quiet as high as the other brands, but at 1/4 the price, it is pretty decent.  The dress isn't lined, but the fabric is thick enough where my undergarments were not visible, it also has a bit of stretch it it, so much so that I really didn't need to use the zipper.  there are a few lose threads, but at this price, I don't really care.


For reference, I ordered this as an XL and I carry most of my weight in my midsection.  It is def. fitted on the top and open at the hips.


Awesome fit for the price!!  I ordered this dress not expecting much (was going to use it as part of a Halloween costume) because of how cheap it was.  But I put it on and it fit perfectly!!  I'm 5' 6" and weigh 170 with broad shoulders (bought an XL).  I usually wear cardigans with sleeveless apparel to minimize my shoulders, but this dress is cut so well that I don't have too.  It covers my armpit flabby bits and cuts in at the waist to accentuate your waistline beautifully. The length comes down to the top of my knees which I love because I don't like short dresses. The length allows me to move around without being afraid I'm going to flash somebody and that's always a plus for me. Really does make you feel like a vintage pin-up.  Sure the zipper is a little cheap but the fit is beautiful, and you can't beat it for the price. I received this dress for a discounted price but would definitely buy this dress for the list price.


I love this dress! I recieved so many compliments in it. I'm 5'3 123 lbs and ordered a small. It's a perfect little dress for any occasion


I love this dress. It is a little tight for someone like me who is a little bit bigger in the bust, but still fit good.


Pro; this came sooner then expected, and fits well, and GET YOUR MEASUREMENTS before ordering, you'll be glad that you did. The cut, style and pattern are flattering and just as described. So I bought a petticoat to wear beneath my dress to help give it some volume and shape. Con; the material is a thin basic cotton, ok for warm weather, but bad for sunlight and seeing shadows through the dress, so I suggest wearing a slip to keep this from happening. Also the dress isn't as well made - the quality looks rushed and I can see some stiching at the seems in the waist. Basicallya dress made by an an advanced beginner.... This doesn't bother me because of the price. If I get 2 or 3 good wears out of it before it falls apart, then I'll be satisfied.


I CANNOT wait to wear this to work tomorrow. I tried it on and it fits just right. The zipper gets hung up a little bit at the waist, but I am sure it is because I have put a few pounds on. Once the dress is one and zipped, it fits like a glove. I am going to be the envy of all at work tomorrow. The skirt hits right at the knee, perfect tea length. It is not too tight at the shoulders which is HUGE for me because I have wide shoulders and often have issues finding something that fits correctly. The pattern is beautiful and clear, not blurry or off. The stitching is spot on (I was raised by a seamstress, so I know how to examine a seam) and flawless. I have no worries that I will get a lot of use out of this dress. Overall a wonderful dress. I received this dress at a reduced rate in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.


This turned out really pretty! My daughter is usually a L, but in general when buying from Amazon we buy XL. That was a good guess this time too!


It fits really well except right at the waist, it's a little tight, getting the zipper past the cinch was a bit of an effort but it was a big loose everywhere else. It looks beautiful on and it's got belt loops built in so you can wear your choice of belt (belt not included). If you're expecting the 1950's flair out you're going to need to buy a separate petticoat, but I think it looks great without one.


The material is a little like rayon, but thicker. Soft, sort of silky but strong like a cotton.


I received a discount on this product for testing and reviewing purposes and this is my honest and unbiased opinion.


