It's a beautiful dress. The fabric is wonderful and the dress is well made. I'm very glad I bought this dress. Sometimes when you buy on line the fabric isn't the quality you would like. I would buy from this seller again.


The dress is as pictured, and it looks great! I was unsure wether to order a XL or XXL, so I did the XXL to be safe, since I hurt my knee and have gained some weight.  It's a little big, but not enough to stop me from wearing it. I wore this to a wedding and received many complements. Very happy with my purchase!


Ladies, let me tell you something! I love this dress! If you're looking for a vintage, simple, but elegant dress, this is it. I had to attend an all-white wedding, and my dress was complimented by everyone. I'm a size 6-8 usually, so I ordered true to my size and it fit perfectly. I'm 5'9", and I loved that this dress still feel to my knees,even with the full petticoat, which you absolutely need if you want to add fullness and flair. And, who doesn't want that?!


This is a beautiful dress with a classic look! It came nicely packaged, the fabric is very clean and crisp-looking (without being stiff), and the dress has a lovely shape. My only complaint is that it fit me a little large, and made for an overall unflattering shape. I am generally a size M in everything. I did notice that the tag indicated this dress is a "US size M, EU size L" so maybe the European sizes are a bit more on target.  I am returning the dress. I'm not sure if a size small will work, but I'm willing to give it a try!


My daughter loved this dress, but wow does it wrinkle badly and it is not easy to remove those wrinkles at all.  If this dress were made out of a better fabric I'd give it five stars.  I will not order from this designer again due to the fabric difficulties.  It just isn't worth it.


Style great. Pattern great. Fit great.  However the coloring on the fabric ran and smeared when I try to iron it lightly so I had to return it.  It's a great dress for the dollar but it's not lined and you have to wear a Peddicoat with it and the colors in the pattern ran.


I received a ton of compliments while wearing this dress to a wedding rehearsal and dinner.  I still have baby weight to lose and this dress is very flattering.  I wore it without a petticoat and it still had a good volume to it.  I also LOVE how the dress was packaged when it arrived!


The dress fit perfectly. If not for the plastic zipper in the back of the dress, I would have given it 5 stars. However, the zipper sticks a bit at the waistline, and I'm concerned it's going to break. In spite of that, I will keep the dress and hope it holds up because it is very cute, just like in the picture. The fabric is nice. Ironing as directed on the tag worked well to really give the dress a polished look.


Was a bit too large and made me look huge!  Perhaps a smaller size would have worked out better. I had to return. Note that it also comes with a black ribbon to tie as a belt, as I was not aware of.


Definetly nice dress for the price. I’m giving it 4 stars only because I do not like the tie sash. It’s just a pice if fabric to tie on. I bought a stretch belt to give it a more finished look.


