Love love love!! Pretty and fits so well! I got a medium and it fit like a dream! Love the material and how flowy it is!!


This dress is very elegant. If it weren't for its stretch, it might have been uncomfortable because it is fitted. I think going a size up would have made it too baggy in places. Glad I went with the size I ordered and used the size chart to help. I didn't realize it came with a red ribbon belt. That was a bonus. I will not be using the belt on the first occasion I wear this dress, but it may be suitable at other times.


Dress was a bit too large and the design did not look as great compared to the image. Overall, I did not enjoy the design so I returned the product. The experience of the return was great, service was great, the dress just wasn't for me.


This item was perfect and was exactly what i was expecting. The item came in no time and was very well packaged and in a great shape. I'm very happy and pleased with the item i received and want to thank the seller for a terrific product.


You can't go by traditional sizes with this dress.  You have to take measurements and go by that.  If you do that, you will be pleased!  Very modest, attractive dress!


Omg I so love my dress it fit perfectly and look great for a pluse size that not always the case I so love it


This dress fits like a dream! I was worried that a Small wasn't going to fit (5'6", 120 lbs, 36C) but it's actually not tight in the bust at all. It's perfect with or without a petticoat and very comfortable. The reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because my dress arrived with a stain on it (not too noticeable). Definitely going to purchase again in different colors!


This dress was a great choice! I loved this dress and had so many comments on it. Definitely order the petticoat to go with it. It makes it pop!


Haven't worn yet, but fits well. Very feminine and figure flattering. True to size and has a little stretch.


Beautiful dress that can be matched with any color.  Nice fit.  Thank you.


