Love. Love.  Love this dress.  Couldn't be happier.  It fits perfectly.  Nice quality.  I bought a big poof slip to go under it and the dress looks amazing with it.  I'm a ballroom and swing dancer.  This dress is perfect for dancing in.  Next wedding I'm invited to I'll be wearing it.  Can't say enough good things about this dress.  In fact, I plan on buying it in Red.  I think it will look awesome on me.


The color and style is really great, I just wasn't a big fan of the material. It is a little rough and not too breathable. I put 4 stars because the material is more tolerable after washing and drying. (Doesn't shrink in dryer, by the way.)


This dress is ADORABLE bought for wedding and received lots of compliments! It's comfortable, stylish and more. Def order a size up as it runs smaller but otherwise great purchase!


Online it looked really cute and I read a lot of reviews about it too, but in person it was awful. It fit horribly. It went straight across my neck (no swoop like the pictures), and past my knees. I'm 5'-9.5" tall and about 130lbs and ordered a medium. I have no idea how this dress fit everyone else in the reviews okay. I will for sure be returning it.


I usually fit in a large/XL and a medium fits great. It's a cute dress, but it does look cheap. I'm wearing a white tank top underneath so that even a white bra doesn't show right through it. The white is a little off/dingy looking, but no one would notice unless you're standing next to someone who is also wearing white. I also suggest getting a petticoat to go underneath to make the dress flare.


Fits daughter very well, a little see-thru must wear a slip, she wore with a petticoat, Had lots of complements.


So I'm 42 years old and LOVE the twirl-ability factor of this dress. It's a classic, feminine look, and seems well-constructed. I ordered the XL and it fits perfectly as expected. It would probably be fun to add a petticoat underneath as well.


Althought I have yet to wear the dress out, I have tried it on. It fits great! I went with the waist size that ran true to me and with the spandex, the rest of the dress fits as I would have hoped. I am already trying to decide which dress to order next!


I was surprised at how much I liked this one.  I was looking at other similar styles, but with sweetheart or halter necklines, and this one blew them out of the water.  Excellent find!


This dress fit my daughter perfectly. She needed s black dress for a semi formal dance with a black and white theme. She is about 5'3" and normally wears a size 10/L, however I ordered a medium after reading the reviews, and it fit like it was made for her. The fabric is medium weight and ironed well. We paired it with the black petticoat which filled it out nicely. I've bragged to my friends at the great price and quality of this dress.


