I am 5'2" and 125lbs. I ordered a medium as suggested in the size chart. It fits perfectly coming just below the knee. Love this dress and I would buy it in every color.


Wife looks like a star in this dress. Great product.


Such a cute dress.  Because I am larger on top, dress shopping is a nightmare.  I didn't have high expectations, but wow was I pleasantly surprised.  Love it so much, I purchased a second one in a different color.


Beautiful dress great quality was a little longer then I was expecting but fit perfect and for me that's hard to find a dress that fits good in all areas.


We love both Anni Coco swing dresses we've purchased. Beautiful, washes nicely, and fits nicely, too. Would definitely purchase more.


This is a nice dress and the fabric is pretty. It was just too small. I wear a 16X to 18X, and have an ample bosom. The XXL was too small and would not zip above my waist. I did find another Anni Coco dress (in the same size) and it fit beautifully 


I wasn't expecting much when this package was delivered. I have bought lots of clothes online before and I have had some luck when it comes to sizing myself. This dress was EXACTLY what I was looking for and what I needed. It shapes my body perfectly! It's a little long, but I think that it's still a stunning looking dress on me. Well done!


Purchased this for my daughter - it fit great, although size between medium and large was minimal around the waist. Loved the dress, it washed well, just hung it to dry & it was ready to go. She wants the same dress in black.


Very nice dress. Material is robust and well made.  Also has a bit of stretch, so it fits great. Very impressed with the quality for the price. Shipping was fast as well.


I’m in between a size 12-14, so I played it safe and ordered an XL based on the sizing and everyone’s reviews. It fit great. It is a bit longer than I thought it’d be but I’m also 5’3”- it fell about 2-3 below my knees after I put the petticoat on. The dress looks fuller with a petticoat but can be worn without. I like that the fabric isn’t so thin. It’s so cute!


