This dress is totally adorable but runs about two sizes too small


I received this dress pretty quickly which is always a good thing and could not wait to try it on. The fabric is fantastic, the length, the skirt flows beautifully and just the dress itself is stunning. BUT the zippered back would not zip past my waist. I thought maybe it was stuck but no it just wouldn't zip. My bff tried it on and she weighs about 70lbs less than I do and again the zipper wouldn't zip up. When it isn't on anyone the dress zips fine. I am going to take this to a seamstress and have a panel added to the back which can be costly but other than the back of this dress it is perfect. If you're small busted this may work better but for larger busts not so well.


My Dancers were very happy to have this dress. It. Gave them the feeling of cinderella. The entire movement quality evolved once this dress was put on. The way it flows to my choreography, is beautiful. I am well satisfied!


The dress fits beautifully.  I received lots of compliments! It is one of my favorite wardrobe pieces! The only Issue I had is that it is missing the ribbon belt. However it still looks just as classy without the belt.


AbsOlivetti love this dress.  It is a great, basic, modest dress with a vintage flair.  I did not wear a crinoline underneath for my event but plan on trying that out soon.  Fit great and had some stretch for comfort.  Good shape for busty ladies.  The material was thin but not see-through and I was cool despite being out in 90 degree weather in black.  Highly recommend and I will be buying more colors!


I've had this dress for exactly 2 months and the zipper broke!  Other than that it's been a fantastic dress and I love it ... but my entire back is now exposed all the way down because the zipper broke at work.


LOVE this dress! it is exactly the style I have been looking for! perfect length to do ANYTHING in! hubby always says I was born in the wrong decade with my fashion choices... and this goes perfectly with my style. Comfortable. Great cut and lays beautifully with or without a petticoat!  Totes buying in many more colors!


I bought this for my daughter and if fit her perfectly and looks great!


I was skeptical at first in buying this because I'm not sure if the measurements in the size chart are accurate. Good thing I just went for it and bought it. It's true to size! I love the retro look of this dress! And the fit is just perfect! I only gave it a four rating since it's feels a little rough and stiff but it's still a nice dress!


I can't complain about the quality of the material. It is thick and good quality. However, for me, the fit is too small in certain places. I am so disappointed and sad that I had to return the dress. I wish it fits. :(


