Very cute and wonderful design! Fits as expected, and I like that the flare is not too much, but you can always enhance it with a petticoat underneath. Comfortable and easy to breathe in.


I bought this dress due to the look of the picture.  I love the way that it looks on.  I did buy a size larger due to the other reviews.  The top layer is lined and the skirt is not.  This is a great dress paired with red heels makes it look fabulous.  I will wear this over and over again.  I hope some else will love it like I do.


I cannot say how great this dress is! The material is a thicker stretchy fabric that allows it to hug your body in the right places, it does require a petticoat to look as full as photographed. I would usually wear a 12/14 which would be equivalent to an XL. It's fits just like I hoped it would.


Better than what exoected, very good quality for the price. Love it!!!


Great dress for those summer white parties. Very thin & see though. Fabric a bit "pill-y" after one wash. Alas, for the price, you still can't beat it.


Loved the fit of the pink and black I'm 5'9 190lbs and got an XL it fit great (picture is with a petticoat underneath). The black and white rose was a touch tighter in the mid section from the ribbon sewed on but still comfortable (Pictures without petticoat).


I bought this dress about a year ago in the bright red color in the XL and it fit great! Hit me just below the knee and it zipped up fine! I was 5 foot 5, 173 lbs, and 36DD bust. I lost about 30 lbs since then and the dress of course became big! So I reordered the dress in the royal blue color in a M and it fit amazing as well! Hit me just below the knee and it zipped up perfectly fine! I am now 5 foot 5, 145 lbs, and 36DD bust. Would definitely reorder this a million times over!


I have several of this style of dress from different sellers.  This one is by far the best quality.  It feels dressier.  It is absolutely lovely


The dress is perfect for the price and what I was looking for.


There's nothing I don't love about this dress. I'm pretty curvy and it fits like a dream, esp w a petticoat underneath.


