I bought this dress for my daughter. I was very impressed with the quality. It is made of good material. I usually get a small for her as she usually wears between a 6 and a 8 depending on the style of dress. I bought a medium in this dress because I wasn't sure if it ran small or not. The medium is just a little big but it still looks good on her. I now know that the sizing for this dress is accurate and a small would have fit her perfectly.


This dress is going to be perfect! I love how it looks on all of my bridesmaids who are all different shapes and sizes. It's a little long for me but looks great!


It's a beautiful red dress but when I tried to put it on, the zipper immediately. It wasn't even tight on my body before it split. I'm sad that the zipper is a cheap quality. I will say even though this dress fits as expected, it's not extremely flattering on the armpit area. It made it look like I had arm boob. I would not buy again.


Adorable...removable sash...made from thick cotton so wrinkles easily but if u iron before wearing u should b fine. It fits like a glove & has a touch of elasticity...but not much.


Nice weight material. Bought this dress size 2x for my daughter who is 13 yrs old, 5"8 and weighs about 145lbs. She is a size 42DD bra size. This dress fits perfect it is only about 2 inches big in the waste. She loves the dress.


Great dress!  Very flattering.  I'm average height and weight but this full skirt will look good on many figure types.  Well made and can't beat it for the price.  Versatility is like with any LBD (little black dress) and I've worn with scarfs, crop sweater, statement jewelry, etc.


This is the most amazing dress.  I bought it for my 16 year old and it fits perfectly. The material is amazing, the size is perfect and I cannot say enough. This is her favorite dress ever, we will be buying more.


Overall cute dress. The dress arrived wrinkled from being in the package. The material is a little thin so anything other than a nude colored bra would show under it. The measurements were accurate. I am 40-34-41 and I ordered a Large and it fit well. The bust area was a tad tight which is why I am returning it. I think that had I gone up to the XL it would have been too big. There is a need for a petticoat if you want it to be "flouncy" but for the price, I would recommend it. It hit me at calf length.


Dress is as pictured, but the fabric is much thicker than expected. In fact, I have a jacket made with similar fabric. It took significant amount of ironing to get all the fold marks out from being packaged. Due to the thickness of the fabric, the skirt doesn't flow as I had anticipated. The invisible zipper is difficult to move over the waist area even when it isn't worn, thus I am concerned about how it will hold up. The dress style is classic, and is fairly well made. I just wished it had some higher end elements such as the fabric and zipper. But then it probably would be priced much higher...


Beautiful dress, great material, extremely comfortable and very classy!


