I love the style of this dress. It fits in all the right places. The colors are very vibrant and love that there are so many colors in it.  Just looking at the dress it does have a lot more brown than I expected, but there are also so many other colors inside the flowers mixed with the brown that I have a lot of ootions for accessories. I can wear so many different color over shirts/ sweaters with it. Whatever color I wear it really makes the dress pop I was given a discount for my honest review of this dress. I will post photos once I get on my computer since the app doesn't have an option to add any.


Lovely dress. I could have gone up a size for the bust and to avoid back rolls. My measurements are 38-34-49 and I got a Large. So many compliments were given when I wore it. I wore a black petticoat to fill it in


It was perfect! I usually wear a Size 14 in dresses and picked the XL on this one. It fit perfect AND there's plenty of stretch to it. I'm currently (not in the picture) 8 months pregnant and tried the dress on just for kicks, and it still fit! Not around the belly obviously but around the smallest part of my waist. I did wear crinoline to puff out the dress a little to make it look more like the picture. I'm 5'5 and it came down to slightly under my knees. Sadly one of the only pictures i have is the one here. The material was good too. Dress does how up packaged well so you will have to iron it out but that's worth it considering how much i loved the dress.


This dress fits wonderfully. The red was awesome on me. I am 5'7".186lbs. I wore the dress to a wedding reception and received many compliments. I purchased another one in creamy white. Love Love Love. The material is very well made


I'm terrified to by clothing (especially dresses) on line, but I needed this for a themed party. It was perfect! This dress fit incredibly & the quality of it blew my mind, especially for the price! Thank you very much!


I really love this dress, but it does fit small so please be aware of that. The fabric is light but holds it own shape. The bottom flares out a bit which is very cute and very 1950s. I love the high neck, it's perfect for a night out and even nice for work with a cardigan or blazer. I have a larger bust so it was difficult to zip, for those who have a smaller bust then it would fit perfectly. I really like it and hope to lose a little more weight so it fits better, but it's a very nice dress! They also gave me a bag with it which I'll be able to use for other means.


I did received a discount on this product for testing and reviewing purposes and this is my honest and unbiased opinion.


I always wanted a little "black dress" and this 50's style looks so glamorous! I've only worn it once, but the material is of good quality so I'm not afraid of it tearing easiliy. For comparison purposes, I'm 5'5" and about 120lbs so I thought I'd try a small. The flowing hemline hits right above my knees and since the top part of the dress is more snug, it really flatters upper torso curves. So a "S" was definitely a good choice to go with. This is a very elegant dress for a night on the town, parties, or other special occasions. The one thing I did not appreciate was the lack of care instructions on the dress. Not even in the bag. But I wash it with warm soapy water and dry it with all my other clothes and twice now, it has come out exactly the way it went in the first time. So you don't need to worry about missing any special care instructions.


Love it and receive many compliments!


Love it! Thick material! Needs a steam but it was folded. I love this dress!


