Because of other reviews and the chart provided, I decided to buy the dress one size larger. (I am 5'3,"bust 40, waist 33). I usually wear a Large (Juniors) or Medium (Women). I order an extra large. It was huge. The Large just arrived and it fits like a glove. The color and fabric are lovely, so is the flattering fit. I do think it is good quality and for this price, quite a deal.


Great dress. Lots of compliments! Wore it with a black petticoat. It was a bit too long for my taste but overall I really liked it to wear to my sister's wedding. I'll save it for future events and church. I washed it cold on delicate and hung dry and it still looks great.


For the price, great! It came very wrinkled. I had to iron twice. The material isn’t awesome, but for the price I’m very pleased. I bought this for a show my daughter is in. We needed two identical dresses, so her friend is buying it too. It fits cute and I didn’t have to break the bank.


I am a size 16 and carry a lot of my weight in my stomach - the xxl fit me just right.  I did get a petticoat to wear underneath this and it was great!! You can't beat the price on this and it really looks adorable.


This is a beautiful 50s era dress. I am glad I ordered a xxl because it fits just right. Normally I am a large or xlarge but I size up when it comes to amazon. I am 5'5, 180lbs, and a 36DD. The dress comes to about my knee. Put a petticoat underneath this dress and it's perfect.


I was a little nervous about ordering a dress online but was pleasantly surprised when it arrived.  The material did not feel cheap at all and the fit was great.  There is a little bit of stretch in the chest area but not much so if you need more room up there, I would order a size up. I didn't wear the dress with a petticoat like others have done but still felt like it had the right amount of volume on the bottom.  It needed to be ironed and throughout the course of the night did get a little wrinkled but wasn't really noticeable to anyone else but me.  Looked great with simple black flats for the wedding I attended.


Worried about buying a dress online, their sizing chart (listed in the description) is super helpful. I saw that the dress might be thin fabric and yada yada, Its PERFECT. pretty thick, not too long not too short. I cannot wait to wear it for graduation on sunday! Thank you so much, I hope to be getting another one soon sometime.


High quality, but according to the size chart the S we purchased was a size 6 in women's. This is part of a Halloween costume for my 12yr old daughter, who wears a size 0 petite in women's clothes, and it fits her perfectly. I am pleasantly surprised that I do not have to use my mediocre seamstress skills, but if one was buying this dress to wear I would ignore the size chart and order at least a size up, possibly two.


LOVE LOVE LOVE this dress! Wore it Easter Sunday and received so many compliments.  The material was soft on my skin, and stretchy enough to fit perfect in all the right places.


The hoop portion was just beautiful. Should have taken a picture! I usually order small but I decided to order medium.  It was just right.  You will love this dress!


Btw be careful of wind!  I had a Marilyn Monroe moment on the way to my car! LOL.


Perfect dress, and absolutely gorgeous! I'm wearing it to my high school graduation.


update: ended up wearing it again today (for father's day). Got several compliments. you should keep in mind that this dress is 100% cotton, and a very high quality cloth. It has a cotton backing to it, so it's not see through in the slightest (meaning you don't have to wear a slip or something underneath). It breaths very well, and in the 90F heat I'm in I had no problems. Also, the zipper isn't one of those cheap ones you usually find on dresses-- it runs smoothly along its track and hasn't gotten stuck once.


Its a perfect fit. I got a medium and I'm usually a size 6-8 depending on the dress.


