Dress ordered was white and I received white. It is a slim fit so I recommend going up one size depending how busty you are. It is a lovely dress. It appears to be see through so I highly recommend wearing nude colors underneath. Depending on preference you may or may not need a petticoat underneath. Sadly I had to return since the hem at the waist was coming apart and I did not have time to fix it before my wedding (it was going to be a reception dress).


I have other dresses by Anni Coco in XXL and they fit fine.  This has far less stretch and it run smalls.  I'm an 18/20 and couldn't zip up back.  It's very pretty dress though.  I wish it was a bit bigger or had a little more stretch in the top.


I was disappointed by the color. I got  what I thought was dark purple, but no... it comes WAY WAY lighter than expected- not dark whatsoever and it came to me really wrinkled. I had to steam it twice in order for it to look normal. It fits good though and the length is right past the knee but that's the only reason I'm keeping it and giving it 3 stars. I wouldn't buy another from this company if I wanted accuracy though. Just saying.


Absolutely beautiful vintage dress. So classy and I love the way it fits.


This dress is elegant and classic, and the price can't be beat!  Fits great and machine washes easily.  I put it in the dryer for about 10  minutes to remove wrinkles, then hung it to finish drying.  I won't even have to iron it!


The dress is a great value. I read other's post and chose to order a larger size. The fit is good, but a tad roomy through the chest. The zipper is tight, like some mentionef, buy for the money an overall good purchase.


Fits true to size and is thicker material. Appears to be well made.


I'm obsessed with this dress. It fits like a dream and I get tons of compliments when I wear it! For reference, I'm 5'10" and 190lbs


The dress is beautiful. I love it. I ordered a small in blue. I'm having it taken in a little. I'm 5'4, 113 lbs. it's slightly loose in the waist area. I want it to be a little more snug.


I wore this out of the packaging (light iron) to a wedding. I paired it with a brightly colored scarf and it was very fashionable and comfortable. Excellent for dancing!


