I’ve heard that Amazon employees or people get paid for their reviews. Well, I am neither! I am a solid 12 and sometimes boarding on 14. I ordered an XXL and it fits AMAZING. It’s even more beautiful with a petticoat.


I hated to order an XXL but I'm typically a 14/16 aND saw that they ran small.  I absolutely LOVE this dress and the color.  If anyone has a trick about how to not make it so wrinkly, that'd be great....I ironed it for an hour when received....and the photos were taken after wearing to work.  Got so many compliments.  LOVE!


This is an absolutely adorable dress. However, I saw where people were rating it too small. So to try to avoid this problem I ordered one size up from what I usually wear and after checking the size chart. I was so excited to finally receive this dress. It would be great for my upcoming date night with the husband. However, I was very disappointed when I couldn't even get it to zip. Needless to say I have to return it and they have made the process super simple which is a plus. I would like to say that this dress is very well made and the fabric is great. It also arrived to with a reusable shopping bag I wasn't expecting. Overall I would recommend this dress if you can order a couple sizes bigger or they make it true to size.


Purchased this dress for my father's funeral.  The dress fit perfectly before I washed it.  I washed it on the hand wash cycle in cold water, with Woolite.  I did not put it in the dryer, I hung it to dry.  I touched it up with the iron, and packed it for the trip....


When I put it on the morning of the funeral, it was too short in the trunk area and the arm holes were completely uncomfortable.  Thank God I brought an additional dress that was appropriate for the funeral, although it wasn't what I had planned on wearing.


I am 5'5" and weigh 128 lbs, which did not change in between the time I purchased the dress and tried to wear it.  Very dissatisfied, and this was a near disaster.


I could do without the satin ribbon, because it doesn't really stand up as the picture would indicate. Overall it's a great dress- lots of compliments on it at work and from random strangers in public. It's definitely a great find!


This dress is gorgeous!  I absolutely love the colors.  It does run really, really small.  I ordered it for me but it fits my daughter in law who is several sizes smaller.  It seems to be good quality fabric and is well made.  It is a very slimming dress as it is close fitting up top but flares at the bottom to hide an imperfections.  I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.


Love this dress! I liked the black-and-polka-dot one so much I turned right around and got the red-and-polka-dot one. The cut is very flattering and the way the skirt section is cut the dress is just so swooshy and sexy. It really wiggles when you walk! Disclosure: I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review.


Really, really cute dress.  Unfortunately, I returned it because it was a little too small.  I usually wear a size 16 and the XXL was too fitted at the waste to be able to get it zipped.


This dress is amazing. It looked just like I wanted it to!!! It was a little small since I usually wear a xl pretty solid in dresses but this is a 2x!


Love, love, *love* this dress. It looks stunning on an hourglass figure, the cut is true to size, and the skirt portion of the has that perfect swishy wiggle to it when you're walking. I'd buy this again in every color they have without hesitation. Disclosure: I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review.


