Fits a little snug in the rib area.  Other than that it was perfect.  I bought a size large. I'm 5'3'', 135 lbs, 36C.  The length hit right at my knees.  Will definitely be buy others in different colors.


This dress is Beautiful. I was pleased with the great quality of this dress.


Simply lovely! This dress fit perfectly! I love the form and fit. The color is bright and it was perfect for my sister's wedding. Love this dress!


Item arrived on time and in the promised condition. Sizing was accurate.  Styling was very cute and the dress was comfortable.


We bought this for a maid of honor dress for a small wedding. It is perfect! The material is nice, the dress is well made, it hangs nicely on her. The skirt of the dress is fantastic. She is a size 3, and 5'4", and it is a little large around the waist and in the back. Not so large however, that she can't wear it. We are doing to add a fabric belt/sash just to give the dress a little extra some thing and so she will similarly match the sash on the bride. Overall, we love this dress!!


Favorite.Dress.Ever.


It's so simple yet elegant. Amazon was also selling a short petticoat the same day. Gorgeous.


This dress is lovely, well constructed, and a gorgeous color. I fall between sizes and chose a small instead of medium, and it fits just as I expected after checking the chart provided.


I am 5’2, 136 pounds. I ordered the medium basiced on reviews. It’s a bit big so it doesn’t look as nice and it really long. Goes done to my mid calf. A small would have been better. Overall the dress is nice. The fabric is not too thin not too thick. You have to tie the bow but that’s fine. It’s a nice dress for the price. Might make it work might not. Haven’t decided yet.


AMAZING!!!! I bought this dress on PrimeDay and honestly didn't expect much. The price was great; too great actually. I halfway expected the dress to be cheap looking and extremely flawed. What I received was BEAUTIFUL. Spend the extra 12 bucks to buy the petticoat. It finishes the dress. I am 147 and 5'6. I bought medium and it fits perfectly. Hits right below my knee.


Cute design but a little girl sat on my dress at Disney and it broke at the zipper line couldn't be fixed and I had to be safety pinned back together. Cheaply made


