I am happy with my purchase. I love the style of the dress. It's very modest and you can dress it up or down.


The fabric is thinner than I expected. I have purchased several  of these dresses and the fabric of the others are a little heavier. It's not a big deal to me because it's for the summer time and I will be cool and comfy in it.


It's a good buy!


I really like my dress it is a true white & very soft & comfortable. I havnt worn it yet only a try on so far.. I normally wear 12-14 dress so I ordered an XL.. It is a little loose but still pretty I will keep it although  I should have gotten a L , it would have fit perfectly. I weigh around 200 pds not sure if I will wear the belt with it.. Its cute without it.


Got this dress to wear as a bridesmaid in a friend's wedding. I wasn't too sure about it when I ordered it, but I've been pleasantly surprised! It seems fairly well made and is comfortable to wear. I'm 5'5" and 165 lbs. I'm curvy and it actually flatters that. Seems like it would be flattering for nearly every body type.


I like the colors and design, but the way the dress is made, it will only fit if you are built like Audrey Hepburn or a young boy.  It doesn't allow for having any kind of breasts.  I couldn't even get it zipped up over my chest area.


I was looking for a dress for an event that I was hosting. We have to wear red or white. I found the perfect red dress. This dress fits perfectly. I will buy another dress in a different color.


I loved this dress! Great quality for the price. I did have to take it to the cleaners to get pressed. I wore it with the tutu skirt for a Havana Nights party. Loved!


Loved the dress!


i saw this dress for a long time & finally bought it just before i went to Europe.


Got many compliments. People called me a Doll!


My husband loves it more than i do!


I bought a Medium size dress. i am 145 lbs, size 34C.


The length comes just below the kness.


Wonderful fabric & love the pockets.


Must buy!


I wore this dress to work, which it is more of a party dress than work clothes but...we only live once and I wanted to wear it.  I love this dress. It fit fantastic, looked great, and the waist was very slimming.  It is a perfect dress for a birthday or a shower.....or work if you are just in a fun mood:)  I admit I stood in the mirror and twirled like a 4 year old many times throughout the day.


Beautiful Color, the shape of this dress is for all type of women from Curvelisous to Thin. You can wear it for a date night, wedding and work, I bought Medium but it was too big from the waist up, I purchase another one in small size. I am small but I wasn't sure shoulder wise if the small will be OK and it is. I am ordering the blue one, I would love to have it in solid baby pink color for the summer.


Perfect for the price! I've work/washed this dress at least once a week since I bought it and it still looks great. It runs true to size, but my only complaint is that it is longer than I expected. I am 5'4", and I expected it to hit right at or slightly above the knee, but instead it goes past my knee.


