I tried it on when I first recieved it and even though I felt it was a bit long I still wantes to keep it. Well, I wore it for the first time today and the teeth of the zipper have separated open while the zipper itself is still at the top. Hopefully they accept returns of defective product.


I bought this dress as my wedding dress I wanted something simple and this was perfect, although the white isn't a "bright" white it worked great. I put a petty coat under it for more fullness. I did wash it and I recommend that if you want to wear it more then once you take it and have it dry cleaned.


It wasn't this dress that I received although obviously I ordered this one.  I actually like what I got but I would have liked the sleeveless cotton dress I ordered.  What I got was a long sleeve polyester v neck dress.  It will be appropriate for winter and I needed it for summer.


I gave it a one because it is not true to size it is very well-made dress but be  very careful it is three sizes smaller than you think it should be


My dress arrived on time but fit snugly despite my ability to wear medium in most brands. I stored dress from end of December until February when weather was finally warm enough in NC to wear the dress. I had given to my niece bc it was a bit snug and upon her trying on and my zipping her up, I noticed a literal 2 inch hole that gapped open under zipper despite NEVER having been worn. Sadly my window for return has past, but hope company will consider an exchange or at least some credit due to poor workmanship. I can see how it could've been missed in quality control as I missed it too upon my initial "try on" bc it lays closed until one starts to move.


The dress fit nicely and was very comfortable.  I wore a petticoat underneath for a little more flare and received compliments all night.  FYI - I bought the dress a size larger than I normally wear.


I bought the largest size because I am very busy and quite tall. It fits fine and looks flattering but I probably could have gone down a size.


I will say that if you are tall (I'm 5'10") be aware that the waist is cut for women who are 5'6" or shorter, even on the largest size.


I ordered the small and it was a liiiitle to big in the top but I just washed it and dried it in the dryer for a small load and it shrunk it just enough. This will be my dress for my wedding reception. I bought a 26in petticoat to go under and it looks AMAZING! It's kinda plain by itself but I had a black skinny belt to add to it. Definitely would recommend this to anyone looking for a cute swing dress.


Currently wearing the dress in a public meeting and the zipper just split down my back. I'm now trapped with my back against the wall. If that Amazon drone still works, can you fly me a cardigan or something?


Dress fit perfect so the zipper split is not because of that. This is the first time wearing it and I will not be buying from this company again!


This dress was ginormous! I ordered a small and it was no joke about 4-5 sizes too big. I am 5' 4" and weigh about 118-120 lbs. Even if there is an x-small I know that would also be too big. Deff order down!


