I got so many compliments on the dress. The "belt" kept falling off but it's satin so bound to happen. It's super cute and I love the Audrey Hepburn look.


I loved a similar dress they offered with a Santa print that I bought to wear to my company's holiday party, so I bought this in the same size to wear New Years Eve. It's a cotton broadcloth-type fabric and doesn't stretch like the poly-blend Santa fabric did and that little bit of give made all the difference. I couldn't close the zipper. I was bummed but it's more incentive to keep my New Years Resolution and slim down to wear it somewhere else.


Bought this in a small for my 13 year-old, it fits perfectly! She is 4' 11", 32, 27, 32 and 110lbs. She is a gymnast, so she has a broad back and larger shoulders, I was concerned about the fit but it's perfect. The dress hits mid shin. The fabric reminds me of polished cotton and has a nice weight to it for year round occasions. We paired it with a small petticoat 24" long. She is beyond over the moon with it! As I stated, it's somewhat difficult to find adorable dresses due to her gymnast build.


I live this dress i was kind of scare because my type of body i have large bust and narrow hips but this dress make me feel super confident because it fit perfect in my 36 DD bust and my hips don't look the narrow love it is a must have!!


Bought this for the wife. It fit really well. Cut and material is flattering. Unfortunately, the very high neckline was not to her liking. If the neckline was a little lower, it would have been perfect. Many women would not mind this at all. She is just a little uncomfortable with clothing that touches her throat in any way. Returned it and bought the Anni Coco® Women's 1950s Audrey Hepburn Lace Crochet Vintage Evening Dress Black Large https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01AL65LME/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o05_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1. She loved that one.


Very cute dress, a bit big for me since I'm a small person. It flares out when you spin around, which I love. Wasn't sure about the color when I ordered, but it looks goods on me. Can't wait to wear it for church or events! Would buy it again.


This dress was beautiful on me and I felt beautiful in it!  I wear a 16, purchased an XL


The material seems pretty good & the color/pattern (I purchased flower 12) was beautiful. Unfortunately, had to return due to slight quality issues & the dress being an awkward fit & way too long/large in certain places.


wow, just wow! I spent $20 on this dress? Unbelievable! It's so well made and looks great! It is so ridiculously cute, I can't wait to wear it out. I got the medium and the length is too long but that's to be expected as I'm 5' so I  will get it hemmed, no biggie :) Everything else fits wonderfully, even the chest area. I'm a 32h and its fits very comfortably and it's FLATTERING, which is so important but very hard to find these days. This dress just hits the nail on the head!


This is my first dress by this designer. It fits well. The material has enough spandex for the right amount of stretch. I don't care for the ribbon belt. I have added a patent leather belt. One in red and one in black for different occasions.


