I ordered a size up from my normal. When it arrived, I tried it on and it was so comfortable!!! I love that it's on prime which is why I order most of my items!!!


Not at all what I expected for the price. The quality is great! I'm 5'4" 145lbs and a large fits just a little loose. I think a medium might be a little too tight, so I'm happy with the fit.  Overall, it's a great dress and I highly recommend to anyone.


Fits well, I bought the white one, it is see a thin material, so I will have to wear white underneath. I am 5'4 and got a large, it goes to just past my knees. Perfect for what I got it for


This dress is incredibly flattering and such a classic timeless cut. I was worried about the dress feeling cheap or the stitching being week but this dress is well made. I'm excited to have added this dress to my collection!


A little big in the shoulders so there is just a little too much fabric at the back of my neck, but overall adorable dress! Probably easily tailored but in the meantime I don't mind the loose bit. Everything else fits like a dream. I wear with red pumps and feel like Audrey Hepburn.


The dress came in a box with other items. When I opened, I found it like a unironed, crumpled piece of cloth. I had to iron it before gifting. In first 15-20 minutes of wearing the dress, the zipper opened from middle. It was the most embarrassing moment of her life. Later I pulled the zipper down with force and it started working. But now she is afraid of wearing it. The material seems to be cheap.


If it comes in wrinkled just put an iron to it and it will look like the pictures :)


I love this dress! Great fit and so cute! I'm 5'8" and normally wear a size 8 dress. I ordered the Large asnd it worked for me. Its very flattering. I'm thinking of ordering it in some other colors. I just wish it had pockets too


I bought this dress and received a drwss today but it was not this dress therefore I am returning it and ordered the dess again in hopes of getting tje correct dress in time for my function. Please credit back my account as this is not.the dress O received.


i didn't expect this dress to b as long as it was and the materials was very cheep . i wasn't impressed with it all


