This dress is so flattering. I also bought the slip to puff it out and it looks great. You can wear it either with or without the slip and it lays and looks very nice. The material is not flimsy and has a little stretch to it.


It's cute... fits like a glove and once I'm done up and it's pressed(it's not pressed in picture)... it will be gorgeous! I have the petticoat on in pic!


Amazing dress - bought it for a friends wedding & we rocked our little dresses!


I normally buy a woman's medium (junior's l-xl) and this medium fit as expected.


Have literally bought this dress is 4 solid colors and love them. I am 5ft 120 pounds and the small fits perfect. Runs below the knee and I wasn't sure if too long but with heels and the fact I wear for work it's perfect. I also wore with a petticoat to a wedding and it looked awesome. Love this dress


Great looking dress.  The small fit my wife perfectly at 5'4" and 130.  She does have a light build though, so I would imagine someone who's her height and wide at the hips and top would should probably order a medium.


This dress made me feel soooooooo beautiful! I will definitely order another for a separate occasion! I'm 5'8 and I'm in about a size 14 but I ordered the 2X because I'm busty. Fit like a glove as you can see ☺️. Best of luck ladies!


I own 6 of these dresses. I love them so much, super flattering(I have an hourglass figure). Can be dressed up or down. Have worn to weddings and funerals and causal days.


Love this dress. Knew what size to order since I already have one of there other dresses. Since this one is black I’ll have fun changing color accessories for different looks


This id the 2nd dress of this style I ordered. The material is beautiful. The dress is what I expected. It is well made and will be perfect for my occasion. Order a size larger. It will be a good fit. I really like the dress. Anni Coco dresses have been a good experience for me. I ordered a similar dress from another company and it was not a good fit. If you want this style dress go with Anni Coco.


Bought this lovely dress for my 14yr old daughter who wears a 4-6. She wore this dress in black and added an adorable wide red bow belt, pearls and black flats for Christmas. The fit was amazing and she looked so gorgeous! She received so many compliments! This dress was below her knees and was fitted in waist. She is 5' 1".


