Fits nicely through the torso and flares around the legs. I wear mediums and bought a medium. I am 5'1 and the dress comes down below the knee, about mid-calf. The material is thick and underclothes do not show through. Only drawbacks: The material tends to hold wrinkles even after going through the dryer. You'll need to lightly iron some of them out. Finally, if you are broad or largely shouldered, you might get some armpit rubbing. I have broad shoulders and I had some minor irritation. Still, this dress is a good quality for the price! Would buy again!


This dress is very cute. I usually wear a 14 and I purchased the XXL. It fits very well. The zipper is a little hard and I need help zipping it up but besides that it fits great.  It has some pretty decent volume to the bottom without needing a petticoat. I can definitely see how I can be dressed up or dressed down.


The dress is beautiful. I really like the way it fits. It slims the waist and glides over the hips. The ribbon belt is a nice length, not to long or short. I am 5'5" (1.65 meters), 160 lbs (11.49 stone). I carry most of my weight in my hips and have a small waist. The size medium was a perfect fit.


Size XL. Size 16 according to the size chart and it fit perfectly. It arrived very wrinkled and didn't improve after I hung it up for a few days so it had to be steamed but I still have it five stars because it's nicely made and very flattering. I wish it was available with 2/3 sleeves, but I got a 2/3 sleeve light weight sweater to wear over it. This is the best dress I have ever gotten on Amazon.


I was pleasantly surprised! I am 145 lbs 5'4". My legs are very short so I was worried about the length. It fell just below my knee. I am also busty, I am a 32J (as sized by a specialty shop) if I buy from VS I get a 34ddd and topple out. it fit very well in the chest. So this is a nice dress for short busty people.  I plan on getting a couple more. I am wearing this to a wedding.


Adorable! True to size. I bought my daughter an extra small instead of a small from reading the reviews and I'm glad I did a small would have been big.


The petty coat is not necessary but would probably make it fuller depends how puffy you want it.


She loves it so glad we ordered this for a wedding we are going to in November.


Very flattering for us apple shapes ;) I'm 5'5 165 40D and wear a 14 dress. This is the XL and it's perfect on top and very comfy (a little loose) on bottom. It will probably look better with a crenolin to balance the shape.


Very nice ,looked great .should have got it just a bit bigger but have some stretch


Arrived with pink stains all down the front. Had to order a second one and hope it arrives before Halloween and in good condition. Very disappointed because it's a beautiful dress, ordered a size bigger than I normally wear and it fit perfectly with a petticoat.


EDIT: New one arrived on time, still with a few pink stains from being packaged in the same bag as the red sash. Not nearly as bad as the first one, but they should definitely be separated.


I needed a white dress for a dance performance, not for normal wear. The color is a little on the ivory side, but otherwise the dress is nice. I'm 5'7" and it falls almost to my knees. The fabric is a little stretchy, and fairly lightweight. I'd recommend wearing it with a nude slip, but I'm sure a lot of people would be okay without one.


