This dress is simple yet beautiful!  I am 5'8", and around 220#, 40E chest and big in the tummy.  I ordered a 2x and it looks amazing!  Quite slimming, and has just enough stretch to hug curves without being uncomfortable.  I love it with a petticoat, but it is full enough to have a good flare without one.  This was so worth the $!


I bought this dress to wear on our Christmas Cruise. I was hesitant at first but when the dress can it fit perfectly true to size. It was packaged nicely. I was impressed with the quality of fabric and how well it was made. I now want it in several colors.


I tried it on and i love it. I haven't worn it out yet but I'm looking forward to wearing it to work next week.  I showed pics of the dress to my coworkers and they love the cut.  Once I've worn it out, I'll probably update ny review.


Dress was very ill fitting when I got it but waited too late to return it. I decided to try and shrink it a little through a wash cycle, which actually worked better than I thought. Unfortunately, the second time I went to wear the damn thing the zipper got stuck and it is now absolutely useless.


I have another Anni Coco dress that's just great, but this one feels very cheap/mediocre in the materials. It arrived ridiculously wrinkled compared to other dress purchases, so you'd probably need to spend about as much as the dress cost in the first place to have someone who knows what they're doing de-scrunch it.


The material is also very yellow for a white, and is quite transparent.


I wear a size 14/16 dress and I am very busty so, I ordered an xxl. It fit great. A little extra space around the neckline. Great length. Comfortable. Came with a red ribbon to tie around waist. I wore a petticoat underneath to give extra body.


I bought both a large (that's the size I normally wear) and extra large because that's what I used to wear before my breast reduction. It would fit the breast area but no where else.


I figured I would try one or the other and see which one worked best. The extra large fit great everywhere but my shoulder and neck area. It was a little too big around my armpits and the back came up too high. The large fit a little snug but It still fit great and I looked darling in it. It's a beautiful dress and am very happy with my purchase. For the price you pay the qaulity is not that bad as well as the cut. I'm returning the extra large one but will definitely be using the credit I get back to purchase another Anni Coco dress.


Hope you enjoy it!


Fits well. High on the collar bone, no cleavage shows. Long zipper on the back. I wish it was a thicker fabric, it's not see-thru, and I do like the 5% spandex for the stretch. I'd like it better if the skirt portion was a thicker stiffer cotton. But I'll still probably order it again in another color. I bought a petticoat slip to add fluff and body to the skirt.


I purchased the blue dress in XL. The color displayed is accurate and the black ribbon belt comes with the dress. I purchased the XL because of my large cup size but a large  would have worked fine. The dress was large around my arm/shoulder area.  I am 5'1" so the dress hits me well below the knee. The dress is  pretty well made so long as the directions are followed for washing/drying. Easy to dress up or down!  Hope this helps.


Pretty Dress  for The price ,  Just Not what Expected , Not for me .  But not the material or fit expected.much more matte finish an  higher neclkine than expected . It  did not lay well , Bustline runs small . Im  a size 12-14 dress and a 36 almost C so I bought the XL after reading the comments.  Fit  Fairly Tight in  Bustilne  where , when  you cleaned It youd be worried it  may shrink , but  loose at waist .  A belt which someone else suggested would have helped but was Disappointed in material.  Worth checking out , since Body types very . , Just Not  for me.  Very responsive seller ,


