My sizes are 33.5 and I'm between 27-28 waist, so I bought a medium.  I really wanted to like this dress, but the waist part of the dress didn't hit my waist. I wanted it to poof without wearing a pettiecoat, like the Grace Karin I bought, but it didn't. Maybe if I had a longer torso it would look better. If I only wore to parties so I can put on the petticoat to have the poof, I would have kept it. I wanted to wear this to work.


Gorgeous dress!  Love the fit and feel.  I get so many compliments.  Perfect value!


I LOVE this dress. I needed a dress for my sisters wedding and wanted to find something I could also wear to work. It fit as expected---I'm 5'2, roughly 145 lbs and got a medium. It's a little snug in the chest but not terrible. I definitely want to get a petticoat so I get the beautiful 50s silhouette.


I absolutely loved it! I wear a medium but got it in a large fits perfectly got so many compliments!


Ordered a large and it fit great! I just had a baby 3.5 months ago and weigh 168 still. The large is perfect! I added the perticoat to it as well.


This dress is very cute. It's not lined but still feels like it is well made. I'm 5'4 and 160 lbs, 38DD and ordered the XL. It is very flattering but my biggest problem is that it's not exactly a good cut for large busted ladies. Yes it fits but it's tight across the bust and the fabric pooches out around the arm holes and at the top of the neckline because of the cut. It doesn't lag correctly. I still love it but I may take it to my seamstress and see what she suggest for the fabric buckling out. Or I may just tack it down in a spot with my sewing machine so it stays down and not pooch out. It's a minor inconvenience for an adorable dress.


*i received this product at a discount in exchange for my review.


I ordered this dress for my 11-year-old daughter to wear to a 50's themed dance.  She is on the smaller side and it appeared that the xs was a bit snug on her.  The dress also didn't have the pleats in the skirt like it does in the picture.  With that being said, she did look amazing and she loved the dress.  She got the blue dress and it really made her pale blue eyes pop.


Dress is pretty, however had to stitch under the arm before I could wear...seam was not together, and I did not have time to reorder and send back.  Bought this dress for a function.  I wear a 12 in US sizes, so ordered an XL.


This dress is unbelievably cute!! I ordered a medium.  5'8" 135# and it fits perfectly.  The fit, the style, the color, quality- EVERYTHING is so great!


The only downside is it wrinkles fairly easy. I wore a black slip underneath to help it fill out a little more.


(The picture looks like there is pockets, but there's no pockets)


I ordered a small thinking it would be fine as most people said it ran small anyway. I'm 5'4 and it was little longer than I was hoping. It covered my knees. I'm going to have to pull it in AND hem it up. Not what I was expecting for a $28 dress.


