Many reviews I read said the dress was way small but I read the appropriate chart and ordered a medium, which is what I normally wear. I felt like it was a little big. It didn't have a tag on the dress about the type of material or washing instructions. I looked up the material in the item description but not sure it's something that would shrink or not. I decided to have it dry cleaned because the type of material is awful to iron and wrinkles bad. Very noticeable in black but an overall adorable dress for $19.99!


Pros: Classy, beautiful dress for formal occassions and events.


Cons: A little too long for me. I'm 5'9" and this hits me at mid-calf, which is beautiful look on some, but just makes me look disproportionate.


Other info: The reason I have this highlighted as "fit as expected" is because I ordered a size up from what I usually wear(medium instead of small), and it was a little too loose at the waist. Would definitely recommend this dress!!!


This dress fits as expected and has a wonderful feel to the fabric. It twirls very nicely and is a wonderful little black dress for a wonderful price. I would recommend this dress to others and would purchase again if the pattern/print became available in the dress size my daughter actually wanted. This is a great basic dress to wear simple or accessorize it with all sorts of ideas!


Love love love the dress! It didn't fit according to the size chart though- went two sizes bigger and the fit is still not exact- but with some slight alterations it should be better! High quality and definitely worth the price! So so many positive compliments!


LOVE LOVE LOVE this dress! I am 5'2 with 36DD, the dress fit perfectly everywhere but the breast where it was a little tight. Nothing major though. I would recommend buying the petticoat, especially if you are short like me. Without the petticoat it was a little long for me but was the perfect length with the petticoat. I cannot wait to wear this and will definitely be buying this dress again in a few different colors. Highly recommend!


Beautiful.


Perfect fit!


I was very pleased with the quality of this dress. I ordered the black dress with red satin ribbon in my usual size. It fits like a glove and looks lovely with some red pumps and a red shoulder wrap.


Perfect for our early Christmas Yes.


I will order again!!


The quality is amazing! And fits perfect ! I can not get over how much i love this dress. I will for sure be getting more dresses from here


I was a little suspect when I saw the price of this item, seemed a little too good to be true. I was 100% wrong. This dress is AMAZING! I can't tell you how nervous I was when I bought this. So many times I looked at dresses online and then read the reviews. Usually terrible quality and people felt like they got scammed. I am so happy I took a chance because this completely exceeded my expectations! This dress is great the way it is, but I also bought the layered rockabilly petticoat underskirt and, for me, it turned a pretty dress into a beautiful formal dress. So many things you can add or looks great just the way it is. Speedy delivery! Will definitely continue buying from this site!!!!!!


Loved this dress. It was slightly big but I did get a bigger size since I'm busty. It's very flattering. Comfortable and fun! I wore it to a wedding and loved twirling in it. I think I may buy another in a different color!


The dress is SO cute! I bought 2 others that were very similar from other companies and decided this one was the best fit. I plan to use it for our annual family Christmas pictures. It is a great length-which is hard to come by being 5'11". I highly recommend it. It is great quality and so so cute!


