Super cute Dress! Glad I got it however it is a little big; good thing it comes with a ribbon to tie round the waist and will look nice with a black shoulder shrug. I ordered a Medium but could have / should have ordered a Small. Over all a great dress and the quality is VERY Nice!


I am 5'6 and it hits like a tea length dress; you might want to think about putting a petticoat or full slip underneath for more volume (the true 1950's look). Very Happy with this purchase!


I have only tried it on, but so far I love it.  I purchased it to wear to a wedding this weekend. Great color, material and length.  I ordered a size 12, I am a size 12 (15 Juniors), 5'10" and it hits me just right. Normally dresses I buy are too short.  I like that is accentuates the waste line and flows out.  High neckline allows for a variety of accessory options.


This dress is beautiful!!! The color is so vibrant its thick enough to not need a slip but not too thick for summer. It also has a slight stretch to it.


Loved it... was used as brides made dresses.


And I also purchased a white one and added a stain belt with embellishments and it was used as a change off wedding dress.


Comfortable, stylish, and well-made. I was worried ordering online that it would fit awkward or have strange material but I wore it to a 60's cocktail party and got SO MANY COMPLIMENTS. It was a little snug (I usually wear an 8, ordered a medium which said fits 8-10) but still worked out just perfectly and was very comfortable!


I ordered this dress reading everyone's reviews to go up a size from normal. I took my measurements and decided to stick with my normal size (6-8 in dresses). The dress is almost too snug in my waist and bust, but otherwise fits well.


Super cute especially for the cost ($26).  I bought the aqua blue dress and it was not sheer at all.  The dress is unlined but since it isn't too thin that was ok.  I typically wear a 6 Tall Curvy so I'm on the small side of a medium since I'm curvy.  This runs true to size.  I'm 5'8, so the waist was too high as expected.  I will likely buy another.


This dress is an absolute DREAM! Classic and great quality!  Would definitely buy again, and again, and again!  Compliments galore!  (I paired it with a crinoline-type black slip, pointed-toe black heels, three-string pearls, and hair in a curled pony...)  NICE!!


The dress is beautiful, however, it arrived with a defected zipper and the top was too snug. The reviews said to size up which I did but the top part of the dress just didn't fit right.


Dress was larger than expected but I couldn't return it because it would take too long and I needed to go to an invent the next day so I had to spend extra money to have the dress taken in so it would fit properly


