Pretty, mesure bust line/waist to make sure. Ordered 1 size up.


I like the fit, the shape and cut, but the fabric is not mostly cotton as listed on the page. Its more of a synthetic fabric, it isn't soft to the touch, has no shine whatsoever, completely matte. And it attracts hair, lint, fuzz dust, anything you brush against and shows it from a mile away. The benefit is since the fabric is more of a heavy syntheic the skirt has a better shape...but really I don't like the fabric at all and if I had the ability to touch it in a store I would not have bought it.


I am completely obsessed. I wanted a vintage feel, and got it. Long enough zipper for us women with hips, so we don't have to wiggle ladies! Nice length, and true a great buy. Recommended.


Size 14 jeans = an XL. Hit below knee and at natural waist. Well made. Machine washable, no dry cleaning. Came very wrinkled will have to be washed and hung dry.


Dress can take an iron under a clot napkin. Fits well with a bit of stretch. I am 5 foot 2 inches and 141 U.S. pounds. Here is how it looked on me with apron.


Loved


Loved


LOVED this dress. Unfortunately, it wasn't what my sister liked for her wedding party.


Fit is nice. I ordered a L and I'm normally a size 10-12 with a D bra.


I could have maybe have gotten a medium, but it could have been too snug. This at least very comfortably


Better with a petticoat


this is my new favorite dress, perfect for weddings or garden parties... I cant wait to wear it someplace! order up a size if you have a larger chest, i bought my size the first time and it was a boob smoosher, got a size up and it is perfect!


The color is vibrant and it's got a good amount of stretch. I ordered a large and it fits as expected. I love the just below the knee length. The fabric is soft, but not as shiny as pictured. I will definitely be buying from this seller again!


I am 5’2 135 lbs and typically get small or medium depending on the brand. I went with a medium and I absolutely love the dress, the top is a little big but I don’t have a chest to fill it in. Other than that it’s beautiful


Received the dress and was impressed. I ordered a couple sizes bigger incase it ran small. Would recommend only going up one size. The dress doesn't flow out like in the picture. Would definitely need a petty coat under it to make it flare out, otherwise it just sits flat. Material was excellent quality. Would definitely purchase another dress from this company!


