My bust/waist is 40/31.5. The large could be a smidgen tighter at the waist and the collar didn't quite lay flat. The medium first much better, is a tiny bit tight through the shoulders and tight enough that you can see bra straps under the fabric, but the collar laid completely flat. The material and cut far exceed what you would expect for the price. This is the dress that sold me on online shopping.


This dress is so beautiful. I am 5'2" and my bust is a 36 with my waist a 29. This dress still leaves me with room to move and breathing room. It fits like a gem and is so beautiful. I can't wait to wear to my office Christmas party.


Great fit, style, and quality. It fit me very well in the bust, waist, and the length was just what I wanted (approx. 2-3 inches below my knee, and I am 5'9). I received many compliments on it. I am looking forward to purchasing another one in a different color or pattern.


I liked this and the small was a true small.  I didn't keep this one because the material didn't seem nice enough for the event that I wanted to wear it to.  I would keep this in mind if I needed this style again.


LOVE everything about this dress!! It fits well and looks incredibly gorgeous! I bought 3 in different colors and styles and will be purchasing more. The quality is great and well made. I usually wear a M or L but went with XL in this. It's a bit loose but I feel L would have been a tad tight. Extremely happy with this purchase.


Beautiful dress, great material, but while ironing it for the first time before wearing it for an event, I discovered a rip down a side seam. Disappointed in that aspect


Love love love this dress! So flattering. Perfect length for me (below the knee). Excellent quality, fit and price.


This dress is slimming and the material is of good quality.  It is hard to find nice dresses this year but I believe I will look nice at the wedding we will be attending on March 11th in Texas.


Really love this dress fits perfectly very flattering and comfortable.  I wear a size 18 dress an XXL fit perfectly for me.


As soon as I put the dress on, the entire zipper popped off so I was really upset. Now, I am having to place my dress in the cleaners in order to get the zipper fixed with a new one.


