The dress neck is a little high, even for a boat neck, but it's beautiful and I can't wait to wear it when I hopefully get to see Hamilton soon!


Christmas gift for my unique 16 daughter who LOVES the 50's looks. She adores this dress.  Be sure to measure properly and compare your measurements to the chart. I have to do this with everything for her being short, hourglass with triple and this fit perfect. I always have to make major alterations, but this dress just an inch to tighten the top of the shoulder was the ONLY thing I had to do. So the bust, waist and hips fit perfect!! Thank you we'll be back.


Very pretty and form fitting dress. Perfect for postpartum women trying to get their figure back


I bought the dress to wear to a citywide revival where I sang in a women's 100 Flowers with Voices choir. Our attire was all black with a beautiful magenta flower, I received so many compliments. I'm buying the cream- white one to wear the First Sunday September.


I love this dress! Beautiful and very well made. You must use the sizing chart from the company to be sure of fit. I measured myself and went by the largest measurement but it fits great. I had many compliments.


fits great and i got a lot of complements on it.  doesn't need the pettycoat under it.  looks nice lying flat.


Incredible fabric, great coverage (NOT see-through), will bunch a bit at the waist if you are short, would be great if offered in short/petite with a shorter torso.  Great swing/twirl, modest arms.  Needs some time with an iron (iron it inside out!) but all fabric like this does.  Overall a solid dress. Purchased for a musical theatre show choir, so this dress will be used and abused and so far it's been solid.


Exactly what my daughter needed! Great quality and fit wonderfully!


I only give it a four because it came all wrinkled up, with deep wrinkles that were hard to get out, I had to put the iron on linen and turn it inside out. The fit is really good 5.9" 130 pounds, the medium fit quite well. It is really pretty, and I get a lot of complements, but it just wrinkles up like nothing you'd believe.


The fabric is thick and the dress is well made. It needs some ironing, though. The size is slightly smaller than my regular size so I had to return it.


