This is a beautiful dress. The quality of material is very good. I bought 2 of these dresses. I am big on top. The dress fit perfectly everywhere, except on top. It squashed me. My daughter is small on top. Her dress fit perfectly. She loves this dress. When they call this the "Audrey", they mean it. Just think Audrey Hepburn. Audrey was beautiful, but very small on top. So, it's a 4 star IF you are small on top. If you are normal sized for your size, or large on top, you should probably look for a different dress. The company is not using fit models. It's too bad, really, because the dress is so pretty.


The dress arrived in time for the event I was attending. It fits very closely. I had ordered their equivalent of a size 8, and it fit like a second skin. I did have to make sure I watched what I ate prior to wearing, but I must say that the dress looks exactly as pictured on the webpage.  It is also clearly well-made, the fabric is thicker than most department store items, and it has a good, solid feel to it.


I Wore this to my sister's Bridal Shower and I was so comfortable in it. It was long enough to sit comfortably and I got a lot of compliments on the cool. I think I imagined the waist being a bit higher but I was still a big fan of the dress. I'm roughly 5'6" 230lbs and I got a Large, which fit perfectly


I saw so many great reviews and it was an amazing price so of course I got it! However, the material of the dress is so cheap that while zipping it for the first time, it ripped. I was so upset because the dress is supposed to be $79.99 regularly, but was cheaper on amazon. This isn't the case, it wasn't even worth the $20 I spent on it. I am returning the dress, no question. If the material & zipper were better, I would love it! But it's not...


The dress is well made and quality material.  I am happy with the overall product, but will have to pay to have it altered.  The skirt is full and the waist is narrow, gives a great shape. But this dress is NOT stretchy in anyway and the chest is narrow.  I have big boobs and couldn't get it zipped over the chest area, but it fit perfectly in every other area.  Happy enough with all of the rest of it to work with it!


Love this dress and the Co! Fits great and is flattering. It's not quite the same fabric as Coco's vintage halter swing dress, but an excellent choice as well. Stitching is good and fabric has a nice feel to it. I wearing 14-16, ordered XL and fits perfectly. The dress arrived in a nice zipper sealed bag, which I kept and intend to store the dress in. Can't say enough about Coc's dresses - great value... I did not find the tulle slip necessary, it flared out nicely- possibly 2' my ample buttocks... but it makes me feel pretty!


This is very cute but it is LONG. Like... almost down to my ankles (in the back), long. I'm 5'4 and about 165lb-I got a large and it fits perfectly EXCEPT for the length. Didn't expect it to be like that. Maybe I can get it hemmed. Otherwise this would have been perfect.


This a great dress for the money! I have a hard time feeling comfortable in dresses and can spend hours in a department store trying them on, only to usually leave empty handed. I took a chance on this since it has free returns. It’s perfect! I love it and so does everyone who has seen me in it. Looks good with and without a petticoat.


Beware of wrinkles! I wear a 10 on dresses, and so I purchased a large to be on the safe side, but it was still slightly tight in the bust and shoulder area. Also once I opened it I immediately hung it up, because I was planning on wearing the dress to homecoming, but it still ended up being very wrinkled. However its a very pretty color and is made of strong material. The bow is a really nice touch. I would definitely recommend just be prepared for some minor flaws.


Super cute and very flattering dress! 5'2 155 lbs Large was a perfect fit!  I will be buying more colors! :D


