What a fun, comfortable dress! I bought mine in black, but am considering buying another color. I bought this according to my measurements and tthe measuring chart. It fits very well. I am short, 5'2" and it hit just below my knees.


It is a nice weight fabric that has a lot of stretch to it, so the dress moves with you without binding up anywhere.


I also got a lot of compliments when I wore it!


For the price this dress is perfect. It did run a little snug though. You might want to go up a size or buy two and return the one that doesn't fit.


Love that fabric. The sizing is a bit off but since I'm 36-25-35 5'4" girl I don't really fit into sizing chart.


Over all I like the dress. One more thing: the dress on the picture is shown with petticoats but I like it without.


Awesome flow both with and without a petticoat. The dress is very comfortable, and the fabric is a nice weight. I got the white dress and have had no issues with it being see through at all. * I wear beige under it though*


Great dress.  Love, love, love the material.  The bright red ribbon is super cute.  My husband even said he like it.  For the price ($16) it would be a shame not to buy this one


I am a mother of two who works full time and a PhD student, so fining clothes that are easy to wear but look great is a top priority. This dress is awesome!!! I can put it on and look put together and classy just like that! The shape is flattering, and fits perfectly. (I followed the sizing guide to choose). The dress even came with a black silk ribbon to tie around the waist for an extra touch of class. I love the classic look of the dress and the beautiful, rich blue hue. There are many colors to choose from, so you're sure to find your favorite hue.


Dress fit as expected I order a large in a red based on other reviews and I thought I would need a petticoat but it fine without one shipping took some time to come but other than that I'm pleased with my purchase and it's a nice dress for the price


Absolutely adorable❤ The perfect little black dress. I was skeptical of the sizing but went with a Large. I'm a 38D, 32 waist & 5'2" and this was just perfect. Hips are pretty much free as the dress is a true swing style. Dress falls to just below my knees. I purchased to wear to my nephew's wedding this fall and it is just perfect, nice material, and definitely has some stretch.


I will be purchasing a couple more in different patterns, too cute!


I LOVE this dress! It's gorgeous and comfy! I received so many compliments on it and I can't wait to wear it again. The only thing is a garment streamer is the best way to remove wrinkles. Ironing on low setting takes a long time.


It's so beautiful. I am 5', 110 lbs and am a 36 D. I ordered a S and it fits perfectly. It is a thicker material but not overly heavy. The dress has a great shape without a petticoat, which is nice as I'll be wearing it to a wedding in May.


