Absolutely beautiful dress! Material is very nice quality. Am 5' 8", 157 lbs, 34C bust, 31 waist, 43 1/2 hips. The large is a perfect fit. Am short waisted, so unlike some reviews from women with a long torso, the large size fits my torso perfectly. Tried an XL just in case but too big. Didn't fit the bodice right. If you have similar measurements, weight and build, the large will fit good.


The dress was super cute, the material was nice and I didn't notice any problems with the zipper that some reviews talked about.  However it is a high-waisted A-line dress and as I was told - it made me look like a triangle.  I sadly need to return it because it was not flattering on my figure.


I absolutely love everything about this dress. It fits and feels like an expensive designer dress. You can wear it with or without the additional slip. The only downside is that the ribbon is separate (not sewn on the dress) and does not sit quite right when tied. I would order a whole bunch of them if I could!!


I ordered this dress for My elopment to Vegas. When the dress came it had a red stain right down the front. It fit amazing and I was excited. I had to return it because I can't have a dress with a giant pink stain down it. I was so disappointed, it looks so cute with a red petticoat under it. That red sash should be in plastic so it doesn't ruin the dress. It comes in a cute plastic bag folded nicely. I'm normally a size 18 with 38C top. I got the size 2x and it fit perfect!! I tried to take to cleaners because i love this dress and they said it was something they can't get out.


I ordered this dress in a size larger than usual, as recommended by many of the reviews.  I have to return it though because it is just too big.  It is a super cute dress.  And if I had ordered it in my usual size, I would have been pleased.  So I am reviewing it as "fit as expected" because if I had ordered my usual size, it would have been perfect.  Just be aware of that when you place your order.


This dress surprised us with how well made it is. The fit was perfect, my daughter wore it for the homecoming dance. She paired it with a red petticoat to get the full effect. If you are on the fence about ordering this dress, go for it. The quality is wonderful, the stitching is good, and the zipper works very well (all things to consider when buying an inexpensive dress).


Fabric was like a water proof table cloth and was super shiny.  I ordered "Retro 50s Vintage Floral Tea Swing Dresses For Spring Party With Ribbon - F28 Medium Sold by: Anni Coco" and the dress was amazing.  This is a completely different material even though both say 95% cotton, 5% spandex. Wish I could figure out how to order more of the great one, but when I click on it it takes me to this :(


Beautiful dress and very nice quality dress!! I'm 5' 7" tall and I ordered a large. I also put a petticoat on underneath to give the dress a more a bloomed out look.


I loved it. It didn't come with the bow but it still looked great.I got thos dress for graduation and ot was perfect.


I ordered according to the provided sizing chart, but it was just too tight through the bust. Not tight in a sexy, look at the girls kind of way, tight in a constricting, don’t break in too deep or you’ll pop a seam kind of way. Too bad. I had to return. The color, cut, seams, and fabric were nice for the price though.


