I purchased this dress hoping that it would fit since I'm quite voluptuous on top. This dress is incredible. It made me feel absolutely beautiful. I bought in Black and in Red. NO REGRETS AT ALL !!!!!!!


Great dress for the price, came quickly and fit perfectly, just take your measurements, Very flattering and comfortable! i would definitely but the crinoline skirt to go underneath though to add some volume!


I loved it I fit perfectly and looks great with or without a petticoat


The dress runs a bit small and the fabric is a bit thin. Other than that I looks as expected and works well. I would recommend this maybe as a costume or someone who needs a one time wear. It wouldn't use it for regular use. I was provided this item by the company for review.


Wore this to a work party. My I bought from Amazon because I couldn't find anything that wild fit my chest. 38 D.  A bit loose around the top of the zipper. Looked great with red heels.


Love the dress but the waist has no give so it's a little small. If I lose 10 pounds, it would be perfect.


Loved this dress so pretty.  It fit as expected.  The material was great quality the seams were great no thread issues.  I love the way it fits and how it looks.  It was just as described.  I love these classic looking dresses and this pattern was just beautiful.  :)


I love this dress! it's just what I was wanting and have been looking for. I expect to buy more of these in different colors so that my closet it full of them!


I received this product at a discount for my honest review.


This dress is very beautiful. I got many compliments while wearing it. It is not too thick but not real thin either. It is great to wear anytime. It does fit kind of tight and goes down to the tops of my knees. I am short (5 foot even) so it would probably be shorter on someone who is taller. It is a very modest dress and would be great for all ages. I highly recommend this dress.


*I was given this product for free/discounted for my honest and unbiased review. All opinions are my own.*


