I took off one star because the dress shrank a little even though I followed the specified care instructions: washed in cold water, air dried, and ironed on the lowest heat that could actually get the wrinkles out. It was already fairly fitted across the bust before I washed it, but now I'll need to choose my undergarments carefully to avoid bra lines because it's even tighter. So if your bust and waist measurements are between two sizes, I'd recommend going with the larger size - and if it ends up being almost too big, I bet you could throw it in the dryer for a few minutes and shrink it down to a perfect fit.


When I first unwrapped the dress the material felt kind of rough and scratchy, but it doesn't feel that way when being worn. And while not the nicest fabric I've ever had on, it's clear that the dress has to be made of relatively sturdy, stiff material in order to have its shape.


I ordered a medium because that's what the size chart indicated, and it fit well - a little tight across the bust as anticipated, with an inch or two to spare in the waist. I'm 5'4" and the size medium hits me a little below the knee - I'd have preferred it an inch or two shorter but still like it enough as-is that it's not worth getting it hemmed that small amount. I was particularly happy to find that the waistline of the dress hits at my actual waist - I've tried so many dresses where the waistline is too high (even though I'm average to below-average height and definitely don't have a proportionally long torso).


I'm a slightly top-heavy hourglass and this dress is very flattering overall. It appears to be well-constructed (no uneven seams, loose threads, etc.) so I hope it holds up well - and doesn't shrink any more if I wash/iron it again!


My daughter loved this dress. She wanted a classy Audrey Hepburn style inspired dress for her dance, and that's exactly what she got. The dress is beautiful and the color is pretty accurate when compared to the color on the screen, The only problem we had was the stitching on the dress came loose right at the zipper when she went to put it on right before the dance. The dress was fine the day before when she tried it on, and fit her perfectly, (we ordered the medium, which is what she normally wears, she's 5'4, 110 lbs. small framed). Luckily my older daughter was here and is a wonderful seamstress that can stitch and patch anything. It appeared as though the stitching just gave way when she went to zip it. All was well after a few stitches she was off to the dance looking classy as ever. I would buy another one for her based on the look alone because we have the means to have it stitched back up if it came undone, someone else may not have someone to repair it so quickly for them. If my daughter wouldn't have been here to fix it then this review would be a lot different because I am the last person to be sewing anything as I'm terrible at it, and we would have been scrambling trying to come up with something for her to wear,


I'm 5'9 and 179(diet time') and I purchased a large. It fits wonderfully! I'm not top heavy and the material feels great! I am purchasing more!!!!! Very satisfied customer.....the pic is after I took off my heels'


This dress is really pretty, but not quite the quality I was hoping for. The fabric is fairly heavy and not scratchy, but the skirt is a couple of inches shorter on the sides; it seems to be made out of two crescents and not two half-circles). It's not very noticeable, but it is an annoying detail because it makes my slip look uneven.


If that won't bother you, here's some fitment info: I'm 5'4", 135 lbs, 32C, and normally wear a size 2 or 4. The dress was kind of loose in the bodice, and something about the shaping for the neck makes it sit just a little bit oddly. You'll want a petticoat to give this some poof. The waist fits reasonably well and a padded bra helped with the looseness of the bodice. This hits just a bit below my knee, and there's plenty of volume in the skirt. It's very demure and went over well in my conservative but not very formal office.


I was very skeptical because I ordered a dress last week that looked NOTHING like the picture and was disappointed. I ordered this dress a size up like the reviews said. I'm 5'8, 220 pounds, I wear a size 16 but ordered a XXL and I must say I'm VERY IMPRESSED with the dress, the materisl and the price. You must order the petticoat for the full effect. It comes a little past my knees, I liked it so much I ordered white and black. IMPORTANT, CHECK YOUR SELLER it really makes a difference


I purchased this for my duaghter for her Mary Poppins Halloween costume this year. It fit her great, she’s 13 and around 5ft 3in and approx 120lbs and I ordered her the small in white with the red bow.  The bow is kind of poor quality, but she didn’t care and it could easily be swapped out for something better.  For the costume we added a white slip skirt to puff it out a little, it falls kind of flat, so you may want to purchase something for underneath to fill out the skirt better.  We also added the little red bows to the bottom, it doesn’t come with those.


To remove lint from your house, put this dress on and swirl around once.  All lint and animal hair in your home will be immediately be attracted to this dress.  To remove lint from your dryer, just throw this dress in.  No more cleaning out the lint trap as all lint will be trapped on this dress.


To remove lint from this dress you need a new lint roller, one with maybe 50 to 100 sheets and one of those red lint brushes, use both in unison, you may need a back up lint roller to complete the job.  1 hour of de-linting should get you between 5 and 10 minutes of lint free wear.


I can't wear it because I own a cat.  Seriously, this thing has a powerful static charge that just sucks up all lint and animal hair.  Nothing can get it out.  Washing it makes it worse.


I wore this to a wedding rehearsal and brunch in Georgia, it worked perfectly. Well made and good looking for the price. Would definitely wear this dress again or buy a second in a different color.


I wore this dress to church on Sunday and got tons of compliments!!! I wore a black bolero sweater over it to make it more church appropriate.


Awesome quality for the price. But most importantly to me, such a great sense of style and fashion. Priceless $$$


Highly recommended.


In love with feminine dresses!


I got rave reviews from everybody when I wore this dress to a recent event. Complete strangers stopped me and told me I looked stunning! That has never happened before. This dress is darling! I am nearly 6 feet tall and a little long waisted. I wore a wide black elastic belt instead of the ribbon which took care of the waist hitting a little high. I had purchased two petticoats (or can-cans as we called them back when) to wear with the dress. I ended wearing just one. I also wore a cute black shrug because I wore this in January. SUPER CUTE! If I have another "dressy" function I will either wear this or buy another. A great buy, especially for the price. I have never had so many compliments!!


