I've purchased other swing dresses that were made with a material that had a little stretch to it. This dress doesn't stretch. If you are heavily chested, I suggest going up a size and having the waist taken in by a seamstress. This dress will require a petticoat slip to make it look full like the picture.


The dress I purchased is beautiful! I love it! It fits perfectly. I wore it to a wedding last night and I got a lot of compliments. I’m going to buy another in a different pattern.


I was impressed by the care they took in the packaging when I first opened the Manila envelope, then when I opened it I was pleased with the accuracy of the picture. It even came with a red sash that I didn't know was included! So I would have given this 4 stars but I'm not sure if it was my error that I didn't notice that it came with the sash or what but I would have loved to have picked the color.  Reason 2 everything fits my daughter around the waist and bust but the skirt is a little long for her she is only 5' 3" so now I have to hem it a bit but over all is a great buy!


This is lovely and it get's a lot of compliments. It also kind of feels like it's made out of curtains. But it doesn't itch or anything so I'm calling it a win!


Beautiful dress!  Very flattering, high quality fabric, and great fit.  Love this and will be wearing this for one of the upcoming events for my wedding!


I am 5'4" , 197 lbs 44 bust ( thank you predisone) I ordered 2xxl and bust was BARELY  a 36


 Now dress is lovely, Very cute ,bright colors. Material a bit heavy for a hot or humid day. Cute with shrug .


Gorgeous Audrey Hepburn style dress, loved the way it curved to my figure but looked so classy. A little big in the chest area, I am normally a size 14 with DD bust, but fit very well and was pretty breathable.


This dress is adorable-so flattering! We measured my daughter and ordered the size accordingly-she wears a 12 jeans and is a 38C bust and the measurements in the size chart listed in the description came to a sz 18 dress. I would suggest measuring yourself before ordering to get the right fit. (shes usually a sz 14 dress) She said it's very comfortable and moved freely and will work for what she needed (a colorguard costume) ...and we got the free 2 day shipping-wow! It came in less than 48 hrs! Great job amazon!!


Beautiful dress, but two dresses ordered in the same size were not the same size.


For once, I was excited after opening the package. The material and color were perfect. The dress is beautiful. I ordered an XXL and it was too big even though I followed the sizing chart and that is the only reason I have rated four stars.


