If I'm being truthful, I'd give it more like 3.5 stars. It was a smidge tighter than I expected, but it still fits. If you have bigger boobs (I'm a 36D and they just fit inside without feeling like I'm loosely binding my chest), you may want to be wary. It's not made of stretchy material at all, so there will be no give anywhere on the dress. On the other hand, if you have smaller boobs, there might be a gap. There's also no lining (the fabric is a little thicker, but not much) and it wrinkles pretty easily. Even after all that though, I was pleasantly surprised. The dress itself is a flattering shape and pretty well made for the price I'm willing to overlook one or two wrinkles and put an effort into ironing.


LOVE this. super flattering and comfortable. Going to buy several more!


For the price, I honestly didn't expect much, but I thought I'd take a chance because of all the good reviews.  I'm actually really glad that I did.  The dress fits great and is so flattering. Falls just below the knee (I'm 5'6), so it's perfect for work. I ordered the solid blue dress, and the color is vibrant and bold, but still classic. The fabric doesn't feel luxurious or anything, but it's also not scratchy or cheap feeling.  It does easily wrinkle, but some starch would probably fix that a bit. Overall, the value is fantastic and the dress is really pretty. I'll probably get at least one more in a different color.  :)


I bought this dress to wear to a wedding. I loved it the moment I put it on! The fabric and cut were very flattering. I'm 5'2" and 150 pounds and pear shaped (so smaller chested) I ordered a medium and it fit great. I ordered the F18 Flower Pattern which looks light pink in the picture. It is however peach in color. I don't mind though it looks great. I did buy a petticoat to go under it but I might not wear it after all. The dress stays pretty full on it's own.


Really looks adorable and can't beat the price. The fit is true and the quality seems good for the price. My two adult daughters and I plan to each wear one of these dresses in complementary colors for a photo shoot that harkens back to 1950s styles of hair, makeup and fashion.  Should be a hoot!


I wore this dress yesterday to a wedding. I ordered the blue (I've noticed in some items the color matters). I am 5'7, 200lbs and 40DD. From reading the reviews, I ordered a 2X...MISTAKE! The dress has a bit of stretch to it. I spent $50 on alterations (I did get it shortened to right above my knees). I should have ordered the L. My friend ordered the black and her length was perfect.


I really wanted to love this, but alas. It fit width wise very well, and the bust darts were placed where I'd hope, but the waist ended much too high, ~3 inches above my rather high waist which made the silhouette a bit odd and had me constantly trying to tug it down lower the few minutes I wore it. The material was thick, but wrinkled/wrinkleable


I sent it back


Love this dress.  I didn't wear the sash to the party and the dress looked great.  It was very comfortable to wear.  I wear a size 4 and got a medium so it wasn't snug.  Perfect fit.


Cute, well-made dress for a great price.


It came well-packaged in a small box but didn't come with the canvas bag other reviews mentioned.


It was quite wrinkly out of the box, and with no care instructions, I wasn't sure how to de-wrinkle it. I ended up drying it on the lowest setting for 10 minutes and that seemed to work.


Overall, it's a dress I will wear again :)


Pretty happy. I am 5'0  120lbs and a small fit perfectly!  I get nervous about length since I am so short. But this dress could compliment a short or tall person. I took it out of the nice bag it was in. Slipped I think on. And fell in love. It's classy and perfect for the wedding I am going to.


Highly recommend it but make sure to take it out and hang it to get the wrinkles out.


