I got lots of compliments while wearing this dress. It needs a petticoat of course, with its full circle skirt.


The fit is very good, but I just want to mention that the armholes are cut forward and too large for my liking. I won't be wearing this dress without a cardigan. Also the narrow hem, as is natural on a circle skirt, is twisted and stretched, giving the dress a more casual look. I'm sure it can be re-done with some hem tape and handsewing. It's very good for the price.


The dress was beautiful! The ribbon helped to keep the hourglass design. The colors of the flowers were my favorite!


Worked perfectly for my Christmas dress! Surprisingly looks more expensive than it is! Compliments my curvy mom figure nicely!


I bought this for a daughter for Christmas, going off of reviews for sizing and the chart, she would've been a snug small so I bought a medium


At 5'1/5'2" it fits her great!


Loose but not baggy


Length below her knees


She loved it and it was super easy to wash


Cold cycle


Tumble dry low then hung to finish drying


Will be buying one for myself


Great fit!! I am currently a size 16 & 38H, it fits great throughout the bust and hips. Not tight at all, very comfortable. I may buy more in this color :)


Very pleased with this dress! It is beautifully made and the fabric is much nicer than I expected for the price. I will definitely purchase more from this maker. I did order one size up from normal...I wear an 18 normally and ordered a 2x.


Super cute, but be prepared to iron or steam it when you get it! I will mstt likely order another, but will drop off at the dry cleaners so they can press it for me. I love the way the skirt flares out and I received many compliments when I wore it to work. For the price, its, totally worth a try. I wear a size 16 and ordered an XXL, and it fit great.


I'm 5,4" and my waist is 31 inches and hips 39 inches usually when I order from amazon I order a size large because a medium is too small, but this one came in a bit bigger than expected, not too much though. I love the style and the length is perfect, I will be sinching it in with a belt because of it. I'm satisfied with my purchase


Really beautiful and great material! I got a size larger than normal because I had read a few reviews that said it was a bit small, but honestly are this company is true to size. I still am going to keep the one I got because it's BARELY too big, but it still looks great on and it is seriously so cute. One thing I didn't pay attention to was that the dress came with an adorable ribbon belt! Really cool. Love this purchase.


Love this dress!! I purchased it for a baby photo shoot, and was not disappointed.  After reading the reviews, I ended up ordering a size up.  I just gave birth 2 and 1/2 weeks ago, so I was searching for a dress style that would hide my postpartum tummy, and this dress did the job. I am 5'11" and normally a size 6-8 (medium) in dress size. I ended up ordering a size large, and it could not fit any better.  This dress falls right at the knees.  The fabric and construction quality is way better than expected.  I bought the cream color, which goes great with a bright colored belt.  Adds a little pop!


