I'm 5'7 145lbs 34c with a long torso. I bought the black dress in Medium with the straight across neckline. OMG. It fits PERFECTLY! Not skin tight, not too loose. It seriously looks SO good! I can't believe the quality you get for such an affordable price! The waist isn't too high up, like most dresses. It actually hits where it's supposed to. The fabric is lovely, nice and thick, not cheap looking or feeling in the least. If you're thinking about it, just buy it! And do yourself a favor, buy the Grace Karin petticoat to go with it. If you have the petticoat underneath, it looks exactly like the pictures! Perfect amount of poof, so it doesn't just hang flat. I am totally buying another color!


I got the green geometric print and am loving how flattering both the cut and pattern are.  The material is a nice sturdy cotton/spandex blend.  I have an exaggeration of the stereotypical white girl butt, so I'm loving the full skirt with a petticoat underneath.


The size chart is skewed, but it accurately gives you the right size, so swallow your pride and get what you measure at.  I mostly wear a large (sometimes XL), but I got the 2X to accommodate my 43" bust.  I was expecting to take in the waist or wear a belt, but it ended up being comfortably roomy rather than too loose.


Beautiful dress! I wore it to a wedding a got so many compliments! I wore a petticoat under it to give it that extra "bang" I'm definitely buying more!


Perfect fit! Nice stretchy cotton material. A little long on me so I took it in to get altered. Highly recommend this one! Extra long-more of a maxi dress so I hemmed it up to 36 inches.


 I bought a medium and I'm 5'5 135 pounds and wear a 36C. Can't wear a padded bra under this one though because it's tighter on top.


I LOVE this dress!! I've worn it with and without a petticoat and it looks great both ways. I got so many compliments!! I wear a 10/12 and I got a large and it fit me great!


I would say this dress runs somewhat small. I ordered a medium and normally wear a small or a size 6 US. I’m a 34DD and it was very fitted across the bust. So I think it’s safe to say if you’re at all busty you may consider going up a size.


Totally recommend the petticoat I also bought here on Amazon to give the full skirt effect.


My only complaint was that the red ribbon shipped with the dress bled a smidge on the bust of the dress while shipping. I washed the dress with the tiniest of bleach and it came right out though- so nothing to freak out over.


I loved wearing this and plan to order more in the other colors.


I bought this for my daughter for a homecoming dance and she loooooved it! This dress is beautiful and well made and it came well packaged and arrived on time. The price was awesome too! I would have given it 5 stars but there was a large stain on the underside of the dress, it didn’t show on the outside because the dress is mostly black. I’m going to keep it and give it a was. It really is a beautiful dress!


First about sizing: I am 5' 4" and about 140 lbs. I carry my weight in the middle and wear a 10-12. Based on other reviews and the fact that the last 10 lbs of my weight is fairly new and makes me feel rather huge, I ordered a size up from the size I would have normally chosen. I got an XL. I would have been fine with a L. The chest area is definitely too big and I wear a 36c, almost up to a D cup now. I did not want to deal with trying to return it so decided to keep it and just have it a little bit baggy in the chest. It is noticeable visit not too terrible.


My first impression of this dress was "why on earth did I ordered such a terrible print?!" Because it was cheaper than the solid colors and I am trying to branch out of my usual. Once I tried on the dress and added a black belt and petticoat it turned out to actually be pretty darn cute. The fabric is nice although the stitching seems somewhat cheap and I am not sure how long the zipper will last. But for the price it was definately worth it.


I love this dress.  It fits very well. I am 5'6" 150lb, usually wear M or L dresses (depending on the brand). I ordered a large and it fits just the way I like, form fitting but with enough space to feel comfortable. If you like your dresses tight I would go with a medium if you are my size. The length of the dress hits me right under my knee. The color is vibrant. The fabric feels nice. I am very pleased with this dress, and I feel great in it.


I love this dress, it's light and flowy, very comfortable. I normally wear XL and due to fear it wouldn't fit I bought the XXL and it fit perfectly. I also bought one in my exact size and it fit tight around the chest area, but if you have C cup or smaller, you'll probably be fine. Also, after reading the manufacturer's size chart it does hold true to the size they indicate and that is another reason why I bought it bigger. It doesn't matter how big your hips or butt is because this dress would cover it all nicely. I also added my own touch and wore it with a skinny white belt instead of the ribbon material belt it came with. It's a great price for a great dress. Just don't wear it on a windy day, it flies up easily and quick, haha!


