I bought this for a wedding, so I was nervous that it wouldn't fit well... but I went for it because the price was great.  When I put it on, it fit PERFECTLY!  I am 5'5" and my bust is about 38 C. I bought the XL, and it fits me very well.  No weird arm hole gaps, the stitching looks very nice, the length is great, and it fits my bust and waist very well.  I also bought the fluffy slip (petticoat?) and it looks super cute!  I saw that a few other people thought it had a weird smell... mine did not.  I think this would be flattering on just about any body type. Go for it!


I love this dress so much, I can't say enough.  The bust area is a bit small (I am ~42D), so if you are busty, I would recommend sizing up as the fabric is not stretchy.  I do recommend a petticoat to make the skirt flare.  It really completes the look! It does come with a red ribbon, but I bought a black one separately.  I took the picture immediately after unpacking the dress, but all the wrinkles from the packaging came out fine in the wash.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone.


This dress is beautiful, and went way past my expectations, considering the price. I ordered medium, because I workout alot, and recently had to get rid of dresses who no longer fit over my shoulders and upper back. But I could probably have gone with small with this one. It's so big that it looks bad though, so I'm overall happy. The only thing that bums me out is that this dress HAVE to be ironed after cleaning. Because the thick cotton fabric get's very wrinkly. And I get so frustrated when I iron. Haha. But definitely a good buy.


The fit is bad. I am one of those people that most any garment will fit if I have picked the right size. I did get the right size but the dress stick out st the top of the back. Also, based on the photo, I expected the waist to lift around the waist line but it does not. It lies above the waistline on my lower rib cage, a bigger part of my body than my waist. The illusion it creates is a bigger waist. Then it flares out from that point making it look like my hips are bigger than they are. This dress would be adorable if the manufacturer corrected these issues.


I bought 2 dresses: the yellow (which is a really stunning gold/mustard) in medium and the black floral in large. I'm 5'2" and usually wear a size 6. The medium fit perfectly, but the large was not unflattering.


The size difference between the two was minimal, but the fabric has a bit of stretch to it. I was SHOCKED by the high quality of the fabric. Usually my online purchases arrive looking cheap- not here! The black floral is made of hearty fabric, not unlike muslin. It took an iron beautifully and held its shape all day. The fabric of the yellow dress is thinner than the black floral, but still very nice and breathable. I had planned on returning the one that didn't fit (the large), but I loved it so much I kept it. I wore it to the Antiques Roadshow (with this petticoat: https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B011RJ0048/ref=ya_aw_od_pi?ie=UTF8&psc=1) and got so many compliments! Everyone loved my "vintage" dress and couldn't believe it was a new construction, the cut and style are so accurate.


Style-wise, the dress needs a belt to complete the vintage look. I would highly recommend this dress.


Ordered this dress for my 12-year-old to wear for her bat mitzvah.  High quality dress - nice, heavier weight fabric with a nice stretch. Full circle skirt, great for twirling.  I ordered a petticoat for her to wear under it, which just peeked out from the hem and gave the skirt a nice fullness.  This hit just below her knees.


It fits perfectly in the waist but tight in the bust area. That's not a product thing that's a me thing. I'm top heavy. DD heavy. I'm pretty sure if I sized up, the waist would be baggy and unflattering. I'm a medium the waist but a extra large in the bust. The struggle.


Because of the tightness, I don't wear a bra with this dress. It works out just fine too. It doesn't make my boobs look flattened or suffocated.


On another note, this dress has nice, thick, durable material. Despite the thick material, it's still a very flowy, elegant dress. The only downside is that it's a lint magnet. But that's a first world problem and very easily fixable.


I love this dress.


This. Dress. Was. Fabulous. I absolutely loved this dress. I dressed it up a little with some trim on the bottom edge and as a belt and it was lovely. The quality was splendid. The dress was easy to get the wrinkles out of and it laundered well. If you're planning on wearing white with this dress you should wash it first or the dye will rub off but that's to be expected with anything dark blue. I would buy this dress again in a heartbeat in many different colors. Would make a great bridesmaid dress or church dress. If you're looking for something that resembles the 1950's you've found it. Look no further!


I have given this dress a 4 star review, because it is of very good quality indeed. However, it runs small and the material does NOT stretch. For reader's reference, I am 5'7'' tall and weigh 220lbs, with a bra size 42DD. I have ordered 2XL and was barely able to put in on. Can't wear it. Way too small in the waist and the chest. For those big chested ladies, please make sure that you order at least one size up, if not two. I hope this will help you decide on your order. Again, the dress is wonderful and looks very classy, if you manage to get the right size.


This dress is stunning. The fit is perfect. I am a size 14-16 and ordered an X-large and it fit me perfectly. It looks great on me and I cannot wait to wear it on my Honeymoon for when we go out on the town. I ordered the petticoat to go under it and it really does make a huge difference. Do not hesitate on this dress. The fabric is great and the feel is superb! I cannot say enough good things about this dress. I am so happy that I ordered it and plan on ordering more in the future.


