Simple cotton blend dress in classic shape.  Very full skirt and nicely darted bust make this a piece you can easily wear at any age.  I am 5' tall and this dress was a perfect tea length on me.  Looks great with and without a petticoat. Vibrant color.


I LOVE this dress!  I wear a size 10, and the Large is snug, but easily zips.  The waist seam sits about an inch above my belly button, so it flares out exactly where I need it to!  I've been told it looks very slimming.  I bought a red crinoline to wear under it, but I can easily wear it without one.  It arrived exactly when it was supposed to, neatly packaged in a company bag that was zip locked, just that little extra touch by the seller!


I loved this dress. You definitely need a slip. I ordered a petti coat to fluff it out a bit.


(My measurements- 35.28.36 at 137 lbs and 5' 8'')


I purchased a medium (US) and it comes just below my knee. It fits very nicely in the bust and waist and I'm very pleased with this dress :)


- Maggie D


I wanted to like this. The material is good quality, but thin and it is white, so you could see through it. The two lines on the front were too obvious and didn't look good with white. Maybe in another color. It also ran kinda big. I am an XS and there XS was too large. The sizing chart was a bit off for me.


My wife bought this dress and she really likes it.  I LOVED it.  Let's face it, this dress is cheap.  But it's also well constructed.  It's good enough that we're going to have the upper chest area tailored a little bit.  It's too "baggy" in the upper chest/neckline area.  Otherwise it's a great value.


We chose the Medium black and white floral for a 5' 9.5" 126 lb girl based on size chart and other reviews. She would usually wear a small but the Medium was perfect. It's a beautiful dress and I love that it goes to the knees which is difficult to find for tall girls. May buy more colors!


Got this for my daughter-in-law she looked beautiful fit. Well made its hard to match patterns and this was done very well. would have given it 5 stars I didn't like the belt that comes with it just a piece of ribbon. We ordered a black belt for it..


I'm 5'5'' and 195 pounds, wear a 36 DDD. I bought the XXL because I'm top heavy and it's usually hard to accommodate my bust. This dress fit perfectly! It's also really comfortable.


The dress was very pretty, fell nicely too.  However, the pictures made the dress look like a dusty pink when in actuality it is a beige/peach color.  The dress was comfortable to wear and not restrictive.  Fell perfectly (I am 5'7 with a 32" inseam.)  I would consider buying from this vendor again


