The dress is very comfortable but isn't the same as the picture posted. I got an XXL in cool black and the material is very light, not transparent in the least, but the neckline is somewhat lower and the pleating details on the skirt are not as fine as the image. I'm 5'7 and it hits me right below the knee.


Overall, it's a very comfortable dress and was worth the buy even though it doesn't match the image shown.


Gorgeous dress.  Fits like a glove.  Just needs a touch up with the steamer and I am in business!!  It is very true to size with it being 95% cotton and 5% spandex its got a beautiful fit.


The dress is cut very well and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of fabric. I wore this dress to a reunion and received lots of compliments. It does run small, so size up! Glad I read the other ladies' helpful reviews on sizing prior to purchasing.


One word for this dress. Perfect. I didn't know what to expect, but based on the reviews I went ahead and ordered. I'm SO glad I did! I normally wear a 4/6, but based on the measurement guidelines I order a medium and it was just right. The material is very nice and the skirt isn't too full (looks great with a petticoat, or without). I will be ordering this dress in other colors!


It was very nice. XL fit well on me and not tight for a 40-36-47 measurement. I would have given a 5 star if the belt wasn't missing.


This dress looks nice and does imitate the old 1950's fashion, but the dress was a bit too small. The dress came in a bag, and was all wrinkled. It would have been the perfect dress for my play, but it was a bit uncomfortable around the waist area since it was too small. I didn't get to wear it.


Double check with seller if this is the product u see on the pic. The cut is completely different. Design is slightly too


Runs small,  ordered 2 sizes up,  beautiful,  beautiful dress, well made,  great quality,  great price, love it!


I absolutely love this dress. I am a large in most us stores and sizes so I bought the next size up after measuring and reading reviews. I am happy doing that because it's not too tight and fits great and looks great. But, if you like things snug, go for your true size. I feel like I'm usually in between sizes so I was just happy it fit. The fabric feels nice and heavy and like its good quality. Happy purchase overall.


I'm 5'4'' and bought the black dress in a size small. If you're on the shorter side like me, the full skirt seems big. I'm certainly not used to dresses that hit below the knee. However, following other reviewers' advice, I bought a black petticoat to give this dress more shape and it looks great with it. After I wear the dress out somewhere, I may hem it a little. But other than the length (which is described by the seller, so no fault of theirs), I'm excited to wear this soon! The dress does look a lot like the one Audrey Hepburn wore in Sabrina, so if you're a fan and want to add a classy staple to your wardrobe at a pretty cheap price, I'd recommend this.


