Love love love this dress. It's classic and beautiful and looks as good on as it does off. Super comfortable and made me feel gorgeous


Excellent quality and fit my daughter perfectly! She is obsessed with Audrey Hepburn and screamed "it's the Sabrina dress" when she opened it. Once she tried it on I ordered an crinoline because she wants the full "poof" but it looks beautiful without it.


This is such a weird fit. Definitely for people with long torsos. Uncomfortable fabric with no stretch.


This dress is a beautiful shade of red, but the material wrinkles very easily, and it's much fuller than I expected it to be. The dress hit me mid-calf and I am 5'3 1/2.


I also ordered it in black and already wore it so I can't return it. I was planning on returning this one but I didn't send it in time. I am hoping I'll wear it at least once.


I am absolutely head over heels in love with this dress. The quality is absolutely amazing it is not cheaply made and it was only $25 period I will be wearing this for my daughter's wedding this Saturday and I can't wait for everyone to see me in it


Size large on a 5'1 135 lb teenagers with ddd chest. Wanted the neckline for modesty. Hem line hangs below knees. Nice fabric, cut well. Will probably order more in a different pattern. Awesomeness.


Ended up being too small and the dress did not come with the ribbon. I ended up returning it.


I got so many compliments on my dresses while doing a major PR event in DC! These dresses were the perfect addition to my signature style while on camera!


I am curvy and petite with my biggest part being around my waist and butt. I purchased this in an XL because I wanted it to fit and did not want to have to return it.  The XL fit me as expected. I wear a 12/14 in pants and a medium top.  I plan on wearing a shrug over it due to the weather. The arm holes might be slightly larger than I would prefer but that is what happens when you are one size on top and a different size on the bottom. I purchased this to wear to an evening wedding in September. I did purchase a slip/petticoat to wear underneath it and am not sure if I will wear it or not yet.


GORGEOUS DRESS. Buy it. You will love it. Not asian sizes, I am 5'7" 150 pounds, pear shape body, small fit me perfectly


