ordered two days ago, and just recieved in the mail this am!!! And on a Sunday! dress fits wonderfully!! was a little worried because I just delivered a baby a month ago last weight was 208 and now 180. ordered a XL and it was right on. Ordered a black tutu underneath as well. will most def. order more colors!! great for church!!


Fit me perfect. I am 5'9 and 215lbs. I ordered the XL and it fit "perfectly". Thought I was going to need a petticoat, but that wasn't the case. It flared out on it's own and is made of a heavier cotton material. It doesn't look cheap, looks as though I paid $80-$100 for it. Would buy again in another pattern.


Beautiful dress, fits perfectly. My daughter is tiny 5’3” and 85lbs and it fits wonderful! She wanted to use it for her school show about 50s 69s era. But planning on wearing during summer time.


The dress was beautiful and worked for my daughter's tea party. For me it was to big especially in my waste which isn't figure flattering but no fault of the company. The color is beautiful, shipping was fast and helped me find what I couldn't in a store.


Beautiful fit. My measurements were a little of the large and extra large so I went with the XL size 16. No loops for the sash belt to slide into and hold it in place but a pin on the inside of the dress sufficed. Bought it for a work semi formal function and felt classy and dressy in it. Can also use it for a day in the office. Not constricting of movement, more of a linen cotton type feel, not a lot of stretch to the material but it sits nice on my 5 feet 7 inch 168 pound body. Easy to dress up or keep casual. Husband thought it was lovely.


Ended up returning it because I didn't like the silky fabric, but the fit was good. I'm a 16, 36ddd, and the 2x fit well with a little room. Cute dress, just not what I was looking for.


Good quality. Washed well. Great fit. Very flattering. Nice length - I'm 5'7" and it was just past my knee . Worked great with a petticoat under and a little shrug to cover my larger arms. Pear-shaped 18 and 2X fit like a dream. Very pleased with my purchase.


I am going on a cruise and wanted a dress for the fancier dinners. I had my boyfriend pick out a dress for me to wear for the trip, and he picked this vintage style and print. It fits beautifully!! I was hesitant to buy a dress from Amazon, but the size chart was very helpful and I found it to be accurate. Now I want more in other colors. Do yourself a favor, and buy this dress! Especially if you love the vintage silouhettes.


This dress is so beautiful and fits just fine. It stretches just in case you need a little extra room.


Fits perfectly and is flattering to my figure.The material is slightly stretchy allowing for some give. I only wish it had slash pockets to make it perfect. Maybe this can be incorporated into the next dresses that are manufactured? I would definitely buy more with this added feature!


