Seems to be made ok but fits way too big.


The dress was well made, but sit oddly on me. I am 200 lbs, 4'11. It was very baggy in the shoulders and neck, way too tight in the chest, fit perfectly in the waist, and was 8,000 times too long. This sit about at my lower calves. It looked almost like a ballgown.


It was very heavy, high quality material. The silver wasn't as shiny as I was hoping but still was beautiful. The red belt makes very little sense with the silver and black, but when I wrote them to see if it was possible to get a silver belt the answer was no.


Still, looked exactly like the picture and would be great for taller people and people with smaller chests. I would have kept it and just had it altered if it wasn't for the fact the zipper was broken when I got it. :(


great dress - got tons of compliments.  will say if you are large chested go up a size..  a wee bit tight there but love the dress


i LOVED


love it


LOVE THIS DRESS. PERFECT.


I LOVE this dress! Fits perfectly. I ordered it with Christmas in mind. I know I'm super early but I can't wait!


I've bought this dress in six different colors now, and I'm quite pleased with it!  It is a very modest, traditional cut.  The neckline is high, just above my collarbones, the shoulders are wide enough that I don't worry about my bra straps showing, and the skirt reaches below my knees.  I will say that the different colors/patterns seem to be different weights of fabric.  The patterned fabrics are heavier and have a more satisfying swing to them, but the solid dresses are a good weight for summer.  I've noticed a few misstitches on the hems of the solid color dresses when ironing (they do tend to arrive rather wrinkled), but these aren't obvious when worn and for the price, it's not an issue to me.  The skirts are very full and could easily accommodate a crinoline if desired, but they drape nicely with just a slip.


I live this dress. The quality of the material is much better than I expected. It fits perfectly and the crinoline skirt I bought to go under looks perfect!


The dress is as it appears but it was snug on me and the fabric was not what I wanted...it is a bit stiff and would require ironing regularly.


