This dress fit so well and was a great quality. It was a stiffer fabric. It didn't seem cheap at all. Arrived very well packaged. I'll definitely shop here sgain. I am 5'5" 140lbs and usually wear a 6. The medium fit perfect.


It arrived on time and I was very excited to wear it this Halloween but after seeing it on I was devastated. It is not mean for anyone with larger breasts and a tummy. I looked HUGE! Also the material is very rough and scratchy but for the price it wasn't bad. I would buy it again if I was skinny, lol.


UPDATE. Return window was too short. because of the holidays I didn't get it into the mail on time. Now I'm stuck with the dress.


I love these dresses! I found I really liked this style of dress and these colors look amazing. I ended up buy five dresses of different colors and they are all amazing! On some of the dresses the coller covers the collar bone and on others it goes just bellow. The wait band is amazing (its not elastic) however most of the dresses came with a ribbon belt that was so long it fit perfectly around me with the ribbons going down the back as well. These dresses go down to mid caff. The skirt is a circle skirt and every one of them has amazing twirling ability. Great fit true to size do not dry them they shrink. A lot. How ever if you do you can carefully stretch them back out with a bit of water. You can iron them and I recommend it. I love these dresses so happy with them!


This dress is beautiful. And its made of great material. My only issue is, its not a true 2x. The color isnt white, its a cream/off white and the zipper sucks. It got stuck where the skirt an the top meets. Should have made it with a metal zipper. But over all I am happy with my purchase.


Great little dress, well made and good quality fabric and trim as others said.  I wear about a 14 in other brands, and ordered the large- it would have been perfect but I have a biggish rib cage and it was snug under the bust.  Going to try a size up to see if it's more comfortable.  Cut is super flattering, length hit just right below the knee and I'm a very average 5'6".


Totally cute and timeless look. The length is a bit longer than the Grace Karin dresses, which I like.  It looks great with the tulle underneath but I like mine without.  I bought a Small (5' 5" 115 lbs)and it fits just right without any extra room in the top portion (36" chest).  I might add a belt but it doesn't really need one...l'll wear a mix of pearls with mine at my neck and leave the rest plain.


I was excited and nervous to receive this dress. I read lots of reviews before purchasing and was not sure if I chose the right size. For reference, I am 4' 11" and 105 pounds; I ordered a small and it fit beautifully. My husband and I are both thrilled with the look! When I tried it on, my husband exclaimed, "It looks so classy!" As others have mentioned, the material is heavier and a bit stiff, but may soften a bit with washing. I had been eyeing this dress for months, but ultimately decided to wait until another time. I'm so glad I finally purchased it!


I ordered this dress last minute for my graduation with a matching one for my daughter. I normally don't like ordering clothes from online especially without being able to try them on. Being a plus size curvy woman this dress fit amazing. It was very comfortable and slimming and non-binding anywhere. I would definitely recommend this dress to women especially for plus size. I received so many compliments on how beautiful my dress was and was even asked by several women where I purchased it. I will definitely be buying more in the near future as I love the way they fit. Thank you, Anni Coco and company for me finding a dress that fits like a dream.


Really liked the dress, was happy that the red dash came separate from the dress, I ordered a large (I am 5'5 165 lbs and a D-DD) and it fit nicely everywhere but over the bust. I couldn't get it zipped.


I would order a larger size but I'm afraid it would be too big everywhere else.


So i got this dress bc i love the style and im taking a vacation to Paris. I was really disappointed that this style didnt fit me write. I bought 3 different colors too since i loved it so much. Im 5'4 and 140lbs and im a 36D and the top of the waist line hit me right under my boobs then the dress flaired out. I was so so upset about this. I actually tried double workout bras to tie my babies down but it doesnt work.


