I really love this!  It is really cute!  The sizes seemed right. Fabric had a little bit of give to help the zipper and was a really nice print.  I ended up returning (and will buy it again later) as the top of the zipper on mine was broken.  I have a feeling it isn't the highest quality manufacturing so you may need to buy more than one to get everything right.


It was really nice,  however, a little bigger.  I guess it just depends of the size and origin of the person.  But the dress was beautiful.  We will order one size smaller and try it again.


I am rating a 4 because the dress is super cute and the material is great and stretchy but it just barely fit zipper wise in one part of my back that I couldn't suck it in or squish my boobs to make it zip. So I need to go up one size which I feel like it will be too big but worth it. The dress was super adorable.


This dress is gorgeous and I love it. But I ordered the biggest size, a size up from what I normally wear, and it's juuust too small to zip up in the chest. The fabric doesn't have much give, especially in the waist band. Plus-size and/or bustier girls, I'd think twice. That said, fitting into this dress is totally my first weight-loss goal because I can't wait to wear it!


I'm 5'10 195lbs and a size large fits perfectly. I also purchased a petticoat to give it more of a flare. I wasn't too fond of the material but after getting it pressed and adding accessories, it turned out nice.


Sent it back. I ordered up slightly and was still unhappy with the fit. Just wasn't flattering at my waist. The way the waist is sewn and squeezed me it gave me 3 rolls lol I'm 5'7 and 167lbs, only slightly fluffy, so this to me was just not a flattering dress.


Looks amazing. Great dress. I love that it falls just below my knees. The fabric has stretch in  it which helps assure a great fit.  Going to an Audrey Hepburn themed event and this dress is perfect for me! I normally wear a size twelve and I ordered a large.


This dress is simply beautiful.  I bought this dress for my 16 yr old granddaughter, she loves vintage dresses. I also bought a black vintage petticoat for beneath the dress. The fit is perfect, it's well made and it looks even better in had than online.


There are so many 5 star reviews of this dress, I don't know what I can add that hasn't already been said.  I bought the dress based on all of the fantastic reviews and pics, and it's everything everyone says and more.  People couldn't believe this dress cost as little as it did.  I wore it with this petticoat (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01DVK8XFE/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_18?th=1&psc=1), with a skinny belt, and the look was outstanding.  I ordered the white dress, and it's a nice white...not too bright white, and not ivory.  It's actually a perfect shade of white.  Well made, too.  Just buy it.  You're welcome.


This is a great, basic dress if you have a project! I put ironed on QR codes and it worked great! I did make sure to wash and dry before I altered the dress any just in case of shrinkage or something. It does run small so go up a size.


