I ordered this for my daughter.  She normally wears a size 16.  The XL was too small.  I returned and got the XXL and it fits so good.  This dress is gorgeous!  I ordered the tutu skirt for underneath.  She received so many compliments on this dress.  Love it!


This is a great dress!! I got the floral pattern 95% cotton and it has a tiny bit of stretch to it. I am a 40DD and a size 14/16, and the xxl fit perfect. Love the high quality feel to this dress!! And the light blue/green floral pattern is beautiful in person!! I may update my review with a picture if I remember when I wear it.


I'm difficult to please. I rarely buy clothes online and rarely give 5 star reviews. I was so sure that this dress would be cheap, stiff, and gap in all the wrong places. I have a long torso and I wasnt sure of the size but decided to go a size up rather than down. I ordered the 2x. I'm 5'7" 220lbs. This dress is amazing. The fabric is way thicker than i expected and it feels good. The 2x was definitely the right choice for me and i definitely recommend going a size up if you're worried about it. Beautiful dress and shockly cheap.


This is a super cute dress I bought for my work Christmas party. I usually wear a US14 and the XL fit perfectly. I did Purchase the recommended petticoat to go under and it gave it that extra wow. I received compliments all night. This was also very easy and comfortable to dance the night away!!! The quality was beyond great, though I must mention that I had ordered this a week before the party and the 1st one had a hole on the seam. This company was really great and I reordered and returned the 1st and received the second in time for the party and it was perfect. I recommend this seller and plan to but more of this dress in different prints. Enjoy


This dress is perfection!!! I absolutely love it. It fits me to a T. I have no complaints about anything. The material is great....I love everything about it. Ladies...this one is a keeper


While it was cute, the dress came in with a huge HOLE in the back of the dress where the zipper touches the material. This wasn't anything I did, as it was like that when I opened the package. This was supposed to be for a project, but now I have no use of it. Waste of money


I would recommend ordering one size larger than you would normally wear. The dress runs small & does shrink a little with washing. It is also form-fitting in the torso area. So, you will need to allow some extra room if you are a little top-heavy like myself. Otherwise, the dress is beautiful & modest in appearance.


This dress is perfect, fits like a dream. Looks lovely with out without a cardigan. I'm a Wedding Coordinator, looking professional and fitting in with the occasion yet not drawing any attention to myself is part of the game and this black dress allows for just that. It has a high neckline and falls just below my kneecaps so nothing's falling out regardless of how I need to move or bend. It's very modest yet still pretty. I will buy another color to have on hand for date night with the hubby!


I am loving this dress. I am a 34B, my waist is a 33 and my hips are a 39. i also brought the TuTu to wear with it. And i look amazing. I have not wore it as of yet, because i will be wearing it for Mother's Day at Church. But i assure you that i will look awesome.It feels very nice,and the material is not heavy on. It gives you that sassy look. With out the TuTu, it's not as pretty, the TuTu bring out the beauty.. This is a lovely dress to wear to any special occasion.  Have fun with your purchase. I got a size Medium in the TuTu,


This dress will stop traffic!  Nice, full skirt... beautiful, vivid colors... print quality is spot-on.  It is a little roomy on me, which surprised me.  I probably could have gone a size down because the material does have just the tiniest stretch to it.  I'm keeping it, though, because I absolutely love it.


