Size: I am usually a size large but, based on others' reviews, I bought a size up in the XL and it fit PERFECTLY!


Pros:


1. It fits like a glove and hugs all the right spots. I tried it on and my husband looked at me, his face LIT up, and said, "Woah! I REALLY like that dress!"


2. It's a beautiful true royal blue color and looked amazing with a yellow elastic 2-inch belt wrapped around the waist.  I plan on buying it in black as well.  I have 2 complaints:


Cons:


1. You have to iron it and you need to be very careful ironing and use a low setting.  I am not someone who normally irons things so that's a pain but it really makes a difference with the fabric to iron it.


2. The zipper stinks and I need help getting it up and down.  Normally, I do my own zippers.  On this one, I needed help from my husband, who even struggled a little.


Why do I give it 5 stars even though there are 2 somewhat significant CONS?  Because the dress looks AH-MAZING once it's ironed and zipped and you can't beat the extremely low price!!!  LOVE THIS DRESS!


It fit perfect. I went by the size chart. I gave it 4 stars because the fabric was pretty thin. I got the dress in white so a slip was most definitely needed. It was very difficult to ok iron as well. That being said it was still the perfect dress for my graduation. I do not regret my purchase and would recommend this dress.


I purchased thus dress for my wife just before our over seas vacation. She loved it. This dress for her perfect.


Well made.  Very pretty.  Granddaughter wore it for Easter.  Bought ribbons in several colors to change the look easily.


gorgeous dress that fit perfect. at first I thought it looked big in the chest area, but once I put it on it was just right. the only thing i didn't care for was the material, gets wrinkly very easily (like when you sit) but it is great quality. got many compliments on it with my blue heels :)


Great dress! A little difficult to iron especially if you don't have an ironing board and the top half of the dress didn't fit as tight as I would have liked it to but it's still an awesome dress. I wore this to a wedding but this could easily be worn in a more casual setting depending on how you want to dress it up.


Fits BEAUTIFULLY. I am 5'8" and approx 145 pounds and the large size fit so well- not tight at all, but still well fitting. I love how classy the length is.


love everything except for the fit. I ordered a 2x and it is to small. I believe a 3 would work.


I love all these dresses from Anni Coco. I used this dress for a costume for Belle in Beauty and the Beast. I'm never disappointed. I love the quality of each dress. Not to mention the quickness with the delivery. I would recommend this product to anyone.


I didn't even try it on. Don't know the fit, but it is not white. It is off white.


