This dress is just wonderful!  If you're looking for a classic look you'll really like this one.  My husband loved it and I received very nice compliments on it all day long.  I wore it with a petticoat and got just the look I was going for.  Personally, I think wearing it without a petticoat would do an injustice to the dress.  I know a lot of women don't like slips these days, and a petticoat takes a bit of getting used to, but if you want to do this look, then go all the way!


If you by the 'Flower 1' design (the blue one), be sure to order the 


.  It's comfortable, well made, and serves as a perfect compliment to the dress!  I wore the belt with the clasp  in the back so as not to distract from the beauty of the dress.  The clasp isn't the highest quality medal but I don't anticipate it falling apart..


I'm never sure if these items come from different manufacturers and as a result, the quality is all over the place,  But, I loved my dress, and I hope you enjoy yours as much as I am.  I'm sure you'll look lovely!


I normally wear a size six in dresses so I ordered a medium.  I probably could have gotten away with a small but probably would have been uncomfortable by the end of the day.  I wore it without washing it so it was just a tiny bit stiff.  I don't know how well it washes yet, but the dress does seem to be well made and the zipper is of good quality.  I'll likely wash it in cold, use fabric softener and just hang it to dry.


Runs a little small but great quality for the cost and I was losing weight anyway!


The quality and fabric is too good for the price. Fits as expected. Best money spent on a dress


This dress is amazing.  I love the material and the quality.  I plan to order more as soon as I lose weight.


my daughter loved this old fashion dress . Everyone thought she looked like a diva. She wore it for her 18th birthday and it looked great on her.


Cute dress, but much smaller than indicated in the size charts.


The quality of the fabric is good but the zipper is very ship and get stuck very easy. Fits ok


I would return the dress but would give it a second chance


I love this dress fits perfect and it arrived earlier than expected


Had less folds than the actual picture showed but otherwise it's ok


I am in love and will order again ASAP!


