I purchased this dress for my daughter to wear on a cruise. It fit her perfectly and it just looked adorable on. The fabric was beautiful and I loved the zipper in the back, it was a "hidden zipper". The dress was made very well we were very pleased.


This dress is gorgeous, but it's very small in the bodice. TONS of fabric in the skirt, and it has a bit of flex in the fabric with the spandex. The largest size didn't fit me, however, normally wear an 18.


I love the dress and I cannot thank all the other review writers enough for making it easy to buy clothes on line!  I can wear a 12 or 14 depending on the cut and make of the dress so with this I bought the XL.  It fits like a glove, the material looks and feels fantastic!  I feel great and comfortable in this dress, I can hardly wait for the wedding I'm attending so I can wear this!  I will be buying more from Anni Coco!


dress is made very well for the price, i listened to the reviews and it ended up being too big on me. I'm 5'7" 175 lbs, large bust, i ordered a 2x , could have used a size smaller


I loved the style but the dress was to large for me. I purchased a large. I'm 5'7, 146lbs with an athletic build and a large booty. Also, I expected it to be fuller, but that's what a petticoat is for. Again, super cute just too big for me.


Gorgeous! I feel amazing in this dress i want this dress for my daughter she loves it so much also. It's so modest and pretty and with a petti coat it's even better. I'm 5'2" 128lbs workout regularly and the small is perfect.


Fits perfect.  In the image the dress looks like it has a sheen to it, but in reality it doesn't but the dress still looks fantastic on my daughter.


Unfortunately my loving puppies found the package before I did.  The package was in shreds and the dress ripped and muddy by the time I got to it.  When I washed the mud off the dress and salvaged it as best I could it looked like it was once a nice dress.  I tried it on and what was not damages seemed to fit.... I am just not sure I want to buy the dress again so I have an unripped dress.


This dress is beautiful. I bought the black-and-white one. I went a size larger and it was a little snug in the chest. I'm a DD. I also wear a slip with it because it's a little sheer. I'm not the most confident in the quality of its construction; I don't think it will last as long as my other dresses. Overall though I think it's really cute.


