This dress is great. I bought it as part of a costume, but it would be great for everyday wear as well. I'm 5'3" and usually wear a 6-8. I got the small and it fits perfectly. It's great for people who are small on top, but hippier on the bottom. It would be too long for normal wear as it sits below my knees, but it's an easy alteration and well worth it based on the price of the dress.  It's not clingy at all and lays nice on the hips. I bought a stretchy thick belt to accent the waist.  Really great dress.


I am 5'3" bust 35" waist 30" hip 36" shoulder 17". I ordered a Medium and it fits great.


Very pretty, looks just like advertised.  I was not expecting it to be a dress i would want to iron regularly though.  Wrinkles very easily, but I should have been more attentive to the material.  Other than that, it is a really nice dress!!


I'm tall (5'11" and 165lbs.).  The waist and bust were not in the correct spots for a longer torso.  Returned.


This dress was for my 11 year old daughter who was in football homecoming.  The dress was perfect and she and I received several compliments on this dress!  I was holding my breath until it arrived afraid of what I would get for that price and I was not disappointed at all.  Very good quality and a beautiful dress!!! I wish I could wear it!


The dress is lovely and looks like the picture but it runs very long.  I bought it for my sister who is short and it is floor length. However, with that being said, she loves the length and will wear it floor length. The dress is a great buy for the money.


Beautiful dress, beautiful color, beautiful bit. It has a wider skirt then what I'm accustomed to but that does not matter, because it's so beautiful on


Okay seriously, I FREAKING LOVE THIS DRESS. The print is gorgeous and the material is so soft. I'm 5'4 and 215 lbs. My bust is 45" and my waist is 42". I ordered the XXL and it fits perfectly! I also purchased the grace Karin white petticoat to go under it and it really makes the dress so much more beautiful.


Classic look. Very comfortable. Great buy.


This dress is so comfortable and gorgeous. Added a petticoat and belt. I ironed it when I got it.


