loved the stye..perfect for my event, but the zipper is poorly made and the dress would not zip properly.  On the day of one of my events, the zipper split and I could not get it to go down. Have to return and try with a different style.  So bummed...loved the dress and it has just enough stretch to give it a wonderful fit.  But, I did not want to have to replace the zipper which would have added a lot more $$ to a dress that I would wear occasionally.  I might re-order...have to consider if perhaps I got a lemon zipper...


I was looking for a comfortable white dress and this Anni coco dress is absolutely beautiful and comfortable. Is made of very good quality cotton with a bit of stretch. You can add easily a petticoat to complete the vintage style. Is true to size. For reference I am 38.5" in the bust and 30" around my waist, I bought the size Large. Don't be afraid, buy this dress and you won't regret it.


So I didn't love this dress, but it is very cute.  I also purchased the halter dress from Anni Coco and compared to that, this one is quite inferior.  There is no lining on the skirt and the fabric seems rather thin.  That being said, the dress is super cute and fits well.  I'm not sure if I hadn't seen the other dress whether or not I'd be disappointed.


This dress is great. I had to reorder because of a bad zipper, but everything worked perfectly and this time the dress did, too. Really cute, good quality and fits well. My daughter is going on a cruise and she needed this.


Well made, shiny cotton dress. The color is bright and the skirt is not skimpy at all.  Wonderful for dancing. This will be worn by a guest to a wedding.


  Zipper and tailoring are good.  Nice dress for the money.  Pretty sash ribbon.


  Fabric is not sheer.  More like polished cotton.


I ordered the red dress in a Medium, and it almost fit me perfectly. I wasn't expecting a perfect fit, as every body is different. The bust area was a LITTLE loose, but it really doesn't bother me. Probably because my bust size was one inch off from the Medium measurements. Sadly it's not spandex, which would probably help with the fit, but all in all, I love it! I also bought a skirt for underneath, but you really don't NEED one. I wore it for Valentine's Day, and I'm planning on wearing it for a choir concert and graduation. If you're looking for an A-line dress, totally invest in this one!


I absolutely love these dresses. I usually wear all black or dark colors, and this has definitely brighted up my wardrobe. I've gotten so many compliments at work, and everyone is shocked to know I bought it off Amazon. I will be buying more in the future! The only down side is that you need to grab on tight to the bottom of the dress on a windy day. You WILL give a free show. Haha!! Other than that these dresses are a must to own.


First let me start by saying I love this dress. I ordered a x large and it wouldn't zip in the back. I sent the x large back and ordered a xx large. I had the same problem with the xx large (it wouldn't zip) however I didn't have time to order another one. Son I improvised by zipping the dress halfway then pulling it over my head. Keep in mine I'm a pretty busty woman. The dress was very tight in the boob area but nonetheless I loved the dress and got compliments all night. I'll definitely order again.


I absolutely adore this dress. It fits like a glove! I'm 5'5", 145 lbs, full C cup, and a medium is tight enough to still show features of your shape, but doesn't restrict movement or breathing. The length hits me right below the knees. The material is a very good, thick quality. I'm sure this dress will hold up for many uses!


*If you want a fluffier skirt portion, I definitely suggest buying a petticoat for it.


I purchased this dress because it received great reviews. When dress arrived, the seam between the bodice and skirt was not straight. When I put the dress on, it was very obvious and made my chest look lopsided. I decided to see if I could fix it myself, one of the darts was more than twice the size of the other, and the fabric for the bodice was not only not cut straight, it had odd chunks missing, so I had to take up the other side. I did not see this issue on anyone else's  review, so I  felt I should point it out, in case someone else  gets a dress that isn't straight. Onice I fixed this, the dress was fabulous. I agree with the previous reviews about how wonderful the fabric is. The pattern  is even prettier than I thought it would be. I only give three stars though because I don't think you should have to remove, adjust, and restich a purchased garment. Not everyone has the equipment or ability.


