Oh my I love this dress it is beautiful. The fabric is so pleasing to the touch. It is beautiful without a petticoat but I wore it with a Pale pink one. I recieved so many compliments Easter Sunday. It is such a classic look .Will buy again. Vintage is timeless.


Fit my daughter perfectly


This dress is so much fun and looks really good on. It fit me very well, I ordered the XX-Large, I'm normally a 16 in dresses and it was spot on. I'm 5'0, so for me it hit about mid calf, which is exactly what I wanted. Will probably me more like knee-length for those taller. The material was a little funky, almost scuba like, but it was comfortable even in the southern humidity. I'm wearing it with (left) and without (right) a petticoat in the picture. I'm tempted to pick it up in more colors, that's how much I like it.


Dress was a hit!!! Got rave reviews!!! I ordered one size up and it worked out perfectly.


Beautiful dress. I'm 5'2 135lbs a small got great. I'm going to wear this at my bridal shower.


I love this dress! I was kind of skeptical about ordering this dress from the reviews, but I am happy I did. It is true to size and to me it's looks better with heels on. I choose the right birthday dress.


I followed the consensus of previous reviews and went a size up. It was definitely the right choice. It's just a little big under the arms, but everywhere else is perfect. I'm 5'4" and it hits below the knee, but I don't mind. I love the classic look and the full skirt!  The material is a nice quality for such a bargain price. I may order another in a print after playing it safe with a solid.


This dress was significantly too small! It didn't fit at all according to the sizing charts on the website. This dress was also very cheap feeling. It is thin, the skirt is see-through, and the material is cheap feeling and looking. I'll be returning this ASAP and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.I received this item at a discount for an honest review.


The dress fit perfectly and was delivered on time. The material used is also of good quality. I am a bust 34B  and waist 28inches and ordered for medium size. With or without peticoat it looks great!


Ordered for my stepdaughter as a photo prop! Super cute and she had so many compliments! Nice quality for the price too!


