My girlfriend picked out several dresses for her new job, she's a classy chick.  She loves this dress and how it fits.  Got her a "petticoat?" to go with it so she can dress it up sometimes.  She said the quality is nice and well made.


This dress looks exactly like the picture and is made with high quality material.  I almost am always size XL, but the XL was a little too tight on me (I could zip the dress but it was too snug around my waist).  The best part about the dress is that there is no gaping in the back when zipped.  I do wish the dress had a belt, but that is the only thing missing.  I will definitely order this again once it will fit me properly, as it would be perfect to wear on a date, to a wedding, or any holiday party!


Was a nice dress but I returned it because it was not a true white, it was more of an ivory.The skirt was not as full as portrayed in the picture. It was true to size.


Beautiful dress - will try again in the next size up.  Colors are vivacious and material is super hearty and nice.  Loved it - was really sad it didn't fit.


I LOVED this dress!!! I bought it as a last minute option for my wedding rehearsal dress when the dress that I had initially planned on wearing arrived late & was way too big. I am so happy that I went with this dress! It was beautiful & fit perfectly!  And it literally arrived just in time for our rehearsal dinner that we hosted at our home. I had enough time to throw it in the dryer to get the wrinkles out from packaging & slip it on right before our guests began to arrive. This dress saved the day!


Omg I love this dress! I bought in a large based off the sizing chart posted and it fit perfect. Super flattering. I’m 5’3, 36D and 155lbs. It’s well made for the price that it is. I was very surprised. If you’re debating on getting it, just get it! You won’t regret it! My bf loved it!


I never wear dresses.. but I'm going to Italy next month and needed a cute dress - this dress fit like a glove, good quality, and I'm SO EXCITED to wear it! Seriously thinking of buying another one in a different style!


Most gorgeous dress ever! I felt like a princess in it! I did buy a petticoat to wear under it. Strangers on the street outside the venue stopped to tell me how gorgeous it was!


I ordered an XL, but I think the L would have been good too. It fits, but just a little loose in the back. But this dress is fabulously full and the ribbon is not a cut piece of ribbon but a fabric sewn narrow sash, which adds to the finished look. This dress is pretty amazing for the price. Great Value.


I ordered this dress and while I love the style, the sizing on this is too small. I had to send it back and due to this being for a special occasion, I did not re order as it would not have come in on time. Hate that the dress runs small.


