Beautiful dress, especially with a petticoat. The yellow color is more bright yellow than the mustard yellow, but still absolutely stunning. Very well made and comfy. I'm 5'6 and 120 and a small fit great. Would really recommended, super cheap and nice


Purchased this according to my measurements and the size chart.  It arrived in a timely manner, but is WAY too small around the bust.  I can't get it zipped at all.  Sad because it looks like an adorable dress.


I went 1 size up, I am a M and ordered both M and L, Medium was tight in the waste and a little short wasted. L fits well, slightly gappy in the arm since it is 1 size up, but really coll dress!  Great quality material, a little stretch to it.


This gets 2 stars for the fact that one, it's cheap and two, it fit as I expected (based on the measurements the seller gives, not by what I normally wear). The dress came dirty around the waist and chest line on the inside. It also looks like the material had something like a razor blade take off a few layers, or if velcro got stuck on it. I can't believe someone would send it that way. It's one thing to say, well it's cheap that's why there's no lining or the quality is low grade. It's another to not care about your product and send it out dirty. You know what it really reminds me of? A large, round banquet table cloth used to make a dress. Yep, that about describes.


The fabric is a bit stiffer than I expected (the skirt is not as flowy as it looked by any means), but overall I really like it.


The pattern of the dress is a pictured and beautiful.  I found the sizing to be a tad big and the waist fell a little funny on me.


Good buy! My only complaint is that the material is quick to wrinkle even when pressed.  But that's what linen garments tend to do.  I got lots of compliments on the dress though so I'm a happy customer.


Great Dress! I'm adding this little number to my black dress collection. I am 5'6/150lbs and the material and cut were very accommodating and flattering. I added the black tulle petticoat to complete the look. I will probably be ordering from this vendor again!


This dress is great! So much fun to wear and nice and cool in the summer heat. I ordered the white and was thrilled to find it didn't need any kind of slip or additional lining. The red ribbon belt made me feel a bit too much like a gift so I wore it with a belt I already had and it worked perfectly.


This dress is very comfortable. It fits me a little loose, which is fine. I ordered a medium. I am 5'4, about 130lbs. I got it in black. I will definitely be ordering more colors. This dress feels very high end. You will not be disappointed.


