I loved this dress! I don't buy many dresses, so my experience in is area is limited, but the price, materials, shipping and delivery were spot on. Sadly, I had to return the dress because it did not fit me in the bust. I am busty and this is a constant issue, but this dress is so fabulous, I am even more disappointed than usual. I could not go up a size (I bought and XL), I would have been swimming in it. But truly a wonderful dress.


I was amazed at the quality of the garment!  I expected a flimsy garment but was pleasingly surprised at the density and stretching qualities that made the dress fit perfectly.  For my 5'2", 170 lbs and large bust, I couldn't be more pleased.


I'm a 14/16 standing at about 5'6" and got the XL.. and I love this dress. I wear it every chance I get in all 4 colors I currently have. I get tons of complements at work and out on weekends. I can dress it up for work (DC professional)  or down for around town. by far the best buy I have made in a while.


Beautiful dress. I received lots of compliments on it. Definitely invest the money to add the petticoat (Tidetell Vintage Women's 50s Rockabilly Tutu Skirt 26" Length  Petticoat Blackwell MACH  (FBA)) for the added volume. I love the dress so much I plan on purchasing another one in a different color. The matrial is no cheap feeling or looking.


The dress fits like a glove! I'm 5' and 125 pds. I love the way it lays and accentuates my curves. It was a bit hard to zip up but I had help.


The material is nice and heavy and the print is beautiful. The red bow completely seals the deal. I'm very pleased with this purchase and fit.


Worth every penny! <3


Excellent material!


I weigh 98 lbs, am 5ft 1in tall, with a bust of 34in and ordered a Small. It still fit me a bit loose on the back and chest area. I don't mind it cause I can sew it to fit. I got white, and is none transparent, my white bra does show a bit though.


I feel accomplished for having this dress!


See through. Very cheap. I may use it for a Halloween costume because that's all it will be good for.  Bought for my courthouse wedding and there was NO way to make it work. disappointed.


What a flattering dress!!  Love this style.  I wear a ladies 8-10 and the (Medium)  fit perfectly. I'm 5'7" and 140 pounds and it lands just at my knees.  Great construction and the price WOW!  Felt really chic with big black sunglasses!!  It didn't need a slip and that's great in the Florida weather - not clingy at all.


I bought this to wear to a horse race, and the compliments I received!!! Nobody could believe I got it at amazon and paid as little as I did. It was compare to dresses that cost 400 to 500 dollars! It is very comfortable. My only problem was the silk ribbon kept coming untied. But its silk. It is a great dress!!


Good quality for the price I paid. Works well with the rockability peticoat to give it a fuller look.  Without peticoat, the dress can be used on a regular day which makes it so versatile.  It can be worn for parties and regular daily dress.  Love it!


