Having purchased every remotely 'appropriate' (to be IN a wedding) dress in this color from Amazon, this is by far one of the best, especially for the surprisingly low price. While other dresses felt cheaply made with cheap fabric, this dress is a light, crisp cotton (poplin perhaps?) with a great drape and surprisingly good construction, considering its simplicity and price. I am not an easy body to fit: curvy, busty, tall, and yet, this worked (size chart is accurate). The color is actually a little light mustard, rather than the orangey yellow color here. I would recommend and buy in other colors.


Quality is great, and the dress is really comfortable. The material is impressive- I didn't expect it at such an affordable price. I'm almost 5'5" and it hangs below my knees. Highly recommend this classic dress.


I love it! And you will too!! It's an amazing dress!! It's well made, comfortable, fits exactly to size (I am an 8-10). I'm going to wear this dress out, so, I bought it in black. It can be dressed up and down and I think it is complimentary to any size woman. My husband say "wow".


Nice dress. I love it. It fits nice, but could have fit better if I lost about ten pounds. But it is absolutely beautiful and it is an off white. So if you are looking for a white "something" to throw over it.....get the dress first then order, The length is great too, right above the knees.


Well made with nicely weighted material. I can't wait to wear it on my honeymoon!


With the reviews and measurements I went a size up. I am glad it did as it fits really well. A little tight for my shoulders, but that is a common problem for me when I go clothes shopping. I get a lot of compliments when I wear the dress. Will see how the dress holds up after  several wears.


I LOVE this brand. Most dresses I purchase recently are this brand. It is great material, not made cheaply whatsoever. Fits wonderfully, which as a small size it's hard to come by dresses that shape my form well, this one does. I love this company and am a lifetime buyer!


This dress was a bad fit for me.  I am 5'7" with a 36D bust and a long waist and it was too small in every way.


The bridesmaid we had tried the dress and it fit as expected and she is happy with it. Goes really well with our 50's theme wedding with a crinoline petticoat. Please use the size chart in the pictures section and all the measurements to all your measurements for accuracy.


This is a really nice dress for the price. The material is stretchy,  but thick  enough to be flattering.  I ordered the royal blue and the color is accurate. I am 5'3" and 110lbs i ordered a small and it fits nicely, maybe the tiniest bit too big and a little longer than i would perfer. I still get lots of compliments on this dress though!


