Fits perfectly. I wanted it to flare out so I purchased the Women's 50s Vintage Rockabilly Petticoat, 25" Length Net Underskirt  also from Amazon. With those two together my look really stood out at my event.


Great dress for dancing! Very comfortable and easy to wear. It does wrinkle, which kept me from giving it five stars.


great dress. I have heavy hips make me look smaller. I am going to see if I can get the same dress in a dark brown/ I wear a size 16 the xxl large is perfect


Returned this. The color of the zipper was not the same blue as the dress. It was weird and stuck out. Seemed cheap. Sent back.


The dresses fit well for both my sister and I. Though when my sister zipped up her's up, it ripped towards the end of the zipper so now we have to get hers zipped. Plus they came a little longer than expected.


Ordered the size as instructed and it fits perfectly. The print us beautiful. The fabric is high quality. The stitches are serged and or double stitched. The seams are straight and the dress lays beautifully. The skirt is even more flared than I expected!  Could not be happier with my purchase. Also arrived with in a week on standard shipping over the xmas holiday season.


Fits comfortably and is so flattering!  The fabric is a nice comfortable feel, very full skirt so you don't need a petticoat.


I ordered this in large first to be the base for a Halloween costume. It fit, but I wanted it to be move quite a bit, so I ordered one size up. They both fit great, very feminine. The fabric is a stretchy and comfortable. Some reviewers have mentioned a smell, it is from the plastic packaging and gos away when the dress is removed. I'm happy with the quality and the price, as this is something I'll wear once or twice.


My dress size is a 10-12. The large fits great! the xl was to big. I'm 5'9" and the dress length hit just below the knee. A little longer than I expected but it looks good. Packaged very nicely and neatly in a nice zipped bag. I ordered 2 sized because I wasn't certain what size and I needed it quickly.  It is a little less "tiffany blue" as it looks in the pictures and deffinatly a sky blue. But it's close enough for what I need.


The high waist of this dress is perfect for my body shape. The fabric has a nice weight and it looked fantastic with the matching blue petticoat I found. I'll be buying this in a few other colors so I have some nice solid-color base dresses to fancy up.


