Edit: I am revising my review because I actually followed Amazon's size chart, not the product provided chart in the photos... Somehow I totally missed that. Follow the size chart in the photos!! Just know that you will wear a larger size on the tag than you're used to. I am a size 12 pant and 14 top but I need an XXL in this dress.


Orignial review:This dress is really beautiful and the fabric appears to be of good quality, but it runs VERY SMALL. I am giving this a 3 star review because I followed the size chart and ordered what was appropriate based on that, but it was still too small. I am usually a size L, but ordered an XL based on measurements from the chart. I need a 2XL due to a large bust, even though it should have fit going off the provided information. Amazon makes it easy to return, but I shouldn't have to when measurements are provided for a size chart...


I purchased a size Large and it fits perfectly, snug but not overly so. A larger size would have been too large. I am a 36C, 5 ft 4 inches and weigh 150 lbs. Make sure you purchase a crinoline to wear under the dress so it looks right. I bought the Grace Karin 50's Vintage Crinoline Petticoat in knee length and it gives the amount of 'pouf' I wanted. The dress is a little longer than knee length even with the crinoline, but I always have that issue due to my height. But the dress does not look too long when worn with the crinoline and heels. I don't care for fabric tie belts, so I plan to wear it with a different belt. But the belt that comes with the dress is silky and long enough to tie a nice bow.


Really great dress. Ordered this as a homecoming dress for my daughter and was very impressed with the quality for the price. It fit her perfectly and looked beautiful on her. She got a lot of compliments and was totally happy with it. Being a modest girl, it is hard to find a homecoming dress that is not too revealing or sexy and this one was perfect for her. We had it shortened by an inch and a half and added some lace underneath and it looked great! She is 5'6" and weighs about 135. According to the size chart, she should wear a large. We ordered medium and large, just to be safe. We returned the large.


This dress was perfect for the look I wanted for the event. Wore it to a fundraiser and received many compliments. I bought a large based on previous reviews because I am a 34DDD. I could have gotten the medium but it worked. Im 5' 5" 165lbs. This was a great LBD. I may get other colors as well.


This dress is fantastic and looks/feels far more expensive than the price point here. I get compliments on it whenever I wear it, and it's super comfortable, with a nice, durable but also a bit giving fabric. For comparison, I bought the large and I'm a 10-12 with a very large bust (150 lbs/just short of 5'6). It fit perfectly with no alterations, accentuating curves where you want it to and hiding the rolls that you'd rather keep private. Love this dress. I wish it had pockets, because I'm a pocket kind of gal, but for $25, I'm not getting greedy.


She said: I bought exact dress from this exact seller and this exact maker, but in the black and white polka dot version - 


 I loved it SO much I ordered this one too, which is the same dress but red and white polka dot. I'm terribly disappointed in the red version as it fits much more snugly than the same size of the black and white dress. The top part across my chest is too small, and the waist is slimmer, too. It's SO snug across my chest that the armholes are pulled forward and my bra shows on both sides, though more so on one side than the other. I thought maybe I was going crazy so I double checked the sizing chart - same chart! I pulled out the black and white dress and tried it on again, and there is a definite (and pretty dramatic) difference between the two dresses, and both are identical size XL, the only difference being the color.


I think it's a craftsmanship issue where I may have gotten a dress that squeaked through quality control but shouldn't have.  At any rate, I'm going to ask for a replacement of this dress to exchange for another of the same size (because the black and white one fits like a dream!) and hope the next one I get isn't too small as well. It's frustrating to find something that fits wonderfully online and order an additional item only to find that it doesn't fit the same. Boo.


Below is my original review for the same dress in a different color - all the positive things I said about that dress apply here as well, except for the fitting issue as noted above.  If I get a dress that fits better with the replacement I will update with more stars and a photo as well.


He said: Va-va-VOOM!!! I bought this dress for my lady to wear and oh my HEPBURN does she look amazing! She wore her peep-toe super high pinup pumps and a tiny black belt and I was in visual heaven. HOT!


She said: The Mister bought this because he likes to call me "kitten" and "cupcake" and tell me to go make him a sandwich. Nah, I'm just kidding, he knows better (and doesn't want to have to eat through a straw). He bought it because he worships the ground I walk on and I happen to like wearing pretty dresses. Honestly, I am always skeptical of ordering clothing online - I haven't had a whole lot of luck in previous attempts - so I didn't want to get my hopes too high for this dress, either. I was pleasantly surprised that the packaging looked a lot more professional than some clothing items I've bought online - it was folded neatly and not just crammed into a plastic bag all willy-nilly. It came with an actual company tags like you would buy clothing in a store, and looked much more legit than I expected - although the "English" wording on the tags indicates it is foreign in nature, you can tell by the incorrect grammar. It also came with a little tote bag (to be honest, this is nothing special, it's made from the same fabric the reusable grocery sacks are and looks like a giant sized one with an odd saying printed on it -but since this was a freebie and not even included in the description I'm not complaining about it one single bit).


Now for the dress itself - the fabric is on the thin side, but not see-through thin. The top of the dress is fully lined, and the bottom is just a single layer of fabric. I would wear this with a petticoat anyhow to enhance the fullness (it really DOES make a huge difference in the look of the dress - don't sell yourself short, try it with a petticoat) so the dress being on the thin side is a plus so I don't get too hot in it. I believe the fabric to be 100% cotton, but since there isn't an indication on the tag I'm not certain, just going by the feel of the fabric. I'm probably going to hand wash this dress in cold and hang it up to dry as I really don't want it to shrink at all. I did see a few stray threads but nothing that appears to be detrimental to the craftsmanship of the dress. It went on easily and the zipper moved freely, no issues at all getting it on.


To help with sizing, I normally wear anywhere from a 10-12 in misses jeans and dresses or a 13 in juniors jeans. I wear medium or large tops, and when I use a measuring tape to measure my bust/waist/hips my numbers are 42, 37, 43. I wear a 36DD bra. I bought the XL and it fit exactly as I needed it to. FYI this fabric really has no "give" to it, it's not made of a stretchy material at all, so if you're hoping it will stretch it's probably not going to fit right. I would definitely recommend sizing up at least one size from your normal size. The dress hits me right at the knee, lengthwise. There is sufficient roominess in the chest area without being baggy, and same for the armholes. The waist fits great, and when you add a belt to cinch it in just a smidge it's perfection.


I gasped at my own reflection once I had it on. It really is a beautifully styled dress, such classic old Hollywood glamour. I wish they made more clothing like this, as it makes me feel so feminine and lovely. It's definitely much better than some of the cheap foreign clothing I have seen on Amazon lately that doesn't fit unless you're a 12 year old prepubescent girl. It's fairly well made and it leaves room for a curvy woman like myself to show off her stuff without being skintight.I would recommend accessories like peep-toe pinup pumps, and a skinny belt - and as long as you match your belt to your shoes, the possibilities are almost endless! I tried with black belt/shoes, white belt/shoes, yellow belt/shoes and red belt/shoes and they all looked fabulous, though I think personally I love the white best, with the black second best. It also looks adorable with a tiny little half cardigan sweater and would probably go well with white satin gloves if you really want to be super glam.


I really LOVE this dress and can't wait to wear it out on the town.


*** We purchased this item at a promotional discount in exchange for an honest review. Our opinions are our own. ***


After looking at everyone else's reviews, I was able to correctly order which size I needed. I am 5'6" 163 lbs and wear a 36b bra. I ordered a large and it fit PERFECT! I was hesitant to purchase a dress online without being able to try it on but it was perfect for our family photos! I am so pleased with everything about this purchase. Note: can be worn with or without a petticoat depending on the look you're going for.


Wore it to a wedding. It was gorgeous. Didnt have to get a petticoat it was pretty without it. I did get one to make it more formal.


First let me say I adore this dress! It is everything I'd hope for. The fabric is soft, has a nice sheen and the pattern is wonderful. The style, very 50's, was exactly what I was looking for. Unfortunately, it runs very, very small! I am so sad, as I ordered this for myself, but am having to hand it over to one of my teenage daughters.


If you look at their sizing chart listed, it's Amazon's standard women's sizing chart, which is NOT appropriate for this line. I assumed, since 85% said the sizing was accurate, that it would work for me. I am a US XL (16), so I ordered the XL in this as well. Nope, not even close. My teenage daughter is US M (10) and it fits her well enough that there is no way it's a true XL. My bust simply cannot fit into this dress. While I am admitted blessed in that department, I was truly hoping there would be enough give for this dress to work for me, but it was not to be.


There is another size chart further down the listing, which shows that their version of XL is much more in line with a US large. May I humbly suggest that the "size chart" drop down menu actually contain Anni Coco's size chart so that it is more accurate? In certain formats (mobile), the product descriptions are much harder to find and read. I can only home with some more weight loss, I can borrow this back from her for awhile. I received a discount on this dress in consideration of a fair and honest review, which I've provided here. All thoughts expressed are mine alone.


I needed a nice, classy dress for a niece's wedding, and I'm sadly a little bigger than I would like to be at the moment. This dress looked good for hiding my problem area (belly) while still showing off my very good (one thing I AM happy with) runner's legs. I read the sizing information and based on my normal size 14, went with the XL.


It fit perfectly. It was tight to the body without squishing me, and on my 5'10" frame hit just at my knees. I do have a very long back and might have wished for a bit longer bodice - the waist fell a little high on me - but that's something I run across quite a bit in life and it still looked good.


I did not opt to get a petticoat, and still felt that it hung beautifully. The mix of cotton and spandex made it comfortable. It can be ironed on low, but it traveled in my suitcase on a two-hour flight and did not need ironing after we left it in the bathroom through a few family showers.


I did opt to wrap a pashmina style scarf around the waist as a sort of belt. Since the belly/waist is my problem area, I felt that the unrelieved black oddly did nothing to draw attention away the way I'd hoped, but somehow added the dangling "belt" drew the eye down and worked better. If you're not blessed with the belly, I think it would be fine unadorned. ;)


Lastly, I loved it for the swing. We danced the night away, and I felt more like my five-year-old niece when I twirled. :D So much fun and so feminine of a feeling!


You can't beat the price... I don't know how it would hold up under a lot of washing (the instructions say to machine wash and NOT dry clean, but not dryer safe), but for a special occasion dress, it was perfect; even if I only wear it once, I got my money's worth.


