Beautiful dress! I wore this to a wedding recently and received compliments all night. The fabric was thin enough not to sweat at a summer wedding, but thick enough that I wasn't worried about it being see through or ripping.


Christmas present for granddaughter and it looked fantastic on her.


I'm very happy with this purchase. The fabric/material is great for the price. I'm 5ft 4", it fits just below the knee. chest is 36b and would normally wear a medium 8-10, but I recently packed on a few extra lbs (so now 145-150) so I decided to take a large, and I'm glad I did, fits perfect. If you like your dresses to hug your upper body, slight adjustments by a seamstress would do the trick.


I like this dress, but it runs small.  I even ordered a much larger size and it just fits.


Excellent dress!! Very well made and put together.


I'll be wearing it at my Vegas wedding with a purple petticoat. Thanks for making my wedding dreams come true


Gorgeous dress, rich vibrant color (mine was blue), but get a petticoat because, without one, it just doesn't hang right. I'm impressed at hire lovely this is for the price and will definitely think about getting another inner in a different color later.


Very pretty dress! Nice fit, Can’t wait to wear it.


It's beautiful.  Bought to wear to a wedding in September.  I will feel as pretty as the bride!


Love this dress! It arrived on time for my event, looked lovely, and fit great. I ordered true to size despite what some reviews suggested and I'm glad I did. The color was a beautiful royal blue as shown and the fabric does have a little stretch to make it perfectly form-fitting at the top. Overall, this is a great product and I have had a positive experience ordering from Anni Coco and would purchase their products again!


This dress excelled my expectations! The material is thick and study and seems like it will last a long time. The blue color is deep and similar to the way it appears on my computer. The skirt is beautifully full and very reminiscent of 50's era fashion! I bought a petticoat to make it puff more and to give the skirt form. The petticoat is a necessity so be prepared to buy one. No big deal, they are inexpensive. I can't wait to wear this dress to an upcoming wedding and think I'm going to buy another one in another color ASAP!


