I typically wear a medium or large but had to go up to a 2xl based on measurements. I bought the XL & 2XL just to be safe and although the XL fit, I looked much better in the 2XL. Was worn for a wedding & received many compliments! I did buy a petticoat for a little extra flair!


Everything about the dress is great from price, size, quality, shipping, etc name it you go it satisfaction guaranteed!


Super cute! Bought this because I was looking for something that would have teal for Easter. The print is just what it looks like online, as is the color. The satin bow that goes around the waist does not come attached, and is a slightly brighter shade of teal which was a nice offset. I read reviews carefully, and chose the size medium. I'm 5' 3" and I fluctuate between 145 and 150 lb. The dress fit like a glove! I would highly recommend it. I will also say, that I saw underneath the recommendation to purchase a secondary crinoline Petticoat to poof the dress out. I bought the Petticoat, and did end up wearing it. The dress popped out nicely just does in the picture. I also took the petticoat off and the dress still looked just as nice. I think it's important that people know you can do both things with the dress, go retro, or go with a slightly sleeker look.


For what I paid for it, I'm happy. I'm 5'0" 135 (athletic build), 34C, size s/m petite shirts and size 5short pants. I read the reviews, and based on reviews sayong the dress ran small, ordered a size Large for a last minute Christmas party. The dress arrived with more than a few loose threads - no biggie, I whipped out my scissors and cut the suckers off first thing. The dress fit me fine in the waist, was very loose in the bust area and the arm holes. It is very long on me, again I'm 5'0". It hid my legs mid chin. I did order a petticoat to wear underneath which gave the dress more shape and shortened it a little. I highly recommend this. I'm stuck with it as is,  however in the future I'll order another color in a medium and probably have it hemmed.


For the price, this is a better dress than I was expecting. It's simple and I like that. I ordered this dress as an alternate for my Uni commencement ceremony. I have a classical sense of style, so this suits me perfectly.


The dress feels light. The top is lined, but the bottom is not. I would probably wear a slip or something underneath, just as my own preference. I'm fairly flexible, I had trouble getting the zip up on my own, but this may be because my dress is a little snug.


In terms of sizing, I am 5'3", weigh 125-130 pounds. I am normally a dress size 6, 36C, and usually run between the small and medium sizes. For this dress, I ordered a small. I am hesitant to say a medium would have been better for me, but it may have. The small is snug up top. I think if I were to order it again, I would get a medium, but a small will work for now. The dress hits just below my knee-- tea length. I need to iron it still, but it's nice.


Overall, lovely dress. I'll probably pair it with peep toe heels and large fashion jewelry.


I really wanted something classic for this Christmas Eve and this dress did not disappoint. I bought a black petticoat to go underneath. I'm 5' 5 1/2" and I weigh about 122 pounds. I ordered 2 different sizes (small and medium) and ended up keeping the small one. The only con is that this dress wrinkles pretty easily but maybe if you use a starch spray and iron it, that would prevent it from wrinkling. I had steamed the dress but it didn't stay wrinkle free for too long. Got tons of compliments though!


Love my dress and everyone else did, too. Wore it for a wedding. I’ve known for years that my particular brand of curves just does not compliment well with a sheath dress or anything else meant for size-zero women. I am old fashioned and this dress completely suited me!!!


I am five-eight and weight 146lbs (NOT muscle). A medium fit me almost perfectly.


Bought this to make a beauty and he beast costume. Which it is perfect for. I'd recommended taking the time to take your measurements before ordering, you'll probably order the right size that way. I didn't do that. I guessed my measurements and then bought 3 different sizes. The one that fit is the one that matches my measurements. I should've not been lazy.


Also, this dress is totally useable for something other than a costume. I just don't wear dresses all that often. Like ever. Unless it's a costume or I'm in a wedding.


I like the dress very much; the quality is good and it fits well,  If you're in between sizes, I would recommend buying the larger size.  I only have two disappointments: there is no red sash on the dress as pictured.  I bought this for a Christmas party, and I chose this particular style because of the red sash.  The other slight disappointment is that the top crane on the dress is upside down.  It's not that big of an issue, but it's kind of weird that the main feature is upside down.  All in all, though, it's a beautiful dress.


So cute on. I got the dress in white and just wore a simple skirt slip under it and it was not see-through at all. The material is good quality and fits well. I'm 5'7 154lbs and I got a medium and size is just right


