Fits exactly as expected! Beautiful dress. Can dress it up for a formal event or dress down for a summer cook out. Easy fabric to move around in.


Wow! This dress is gorgeous and SO well made!  I was shocked at the quality for the price. I ordered a Medium and it fit true to size. Paired it with a Grace Karin petticoat and I have the perfect Dapper Day dress!


This is a nice dress. Very cute. But I'm going to have to slim down to fit into it.


The dress arrived through two day shipping. It's very colorful and the material is a bit thick which I have no problem with. It fit and looked very nicely on me. I would definitely buy from this buyer/brand again.


love the dress. fits perfect. followed their sizing chart, not amazons, and it's perfect. bought a petty coat to wear under it and it makes the dress look even better


Order the dress for my niece, she looked stunning in it. She felt so good in it, it's her first young lady dress, it's made so well the material is very nice and thick shock I love. I can't wait for her to wear it to the wedding!!!! Beautiful beautiful dress!!


I absolutely LOVE this dress! I'm 5'3" and about 195 lbs and this size fit me like a glove! Wore it for a Christmas choir performance and got so many compliments. Also purchased a petticoat to go along with it which added the perfect amount of extra flair.


The dress was beautiful and the material was great. I usually wear a medium but ordered a large to compensate for my bust size (36D). The dress was a little big, but was not too big that it didn't look good. It was perfect for my bridesmaid dress and I got lots of compliments. I want to order it in another color. Great dress! I am goi g to order a petticoat to give the skirt more body.


Beautiful fun dress. Very comfortable and fits nicely although I recommend a crinlen to go underneath and make it poofy.


Fast shipping, the dress when you receive it is folded up in a bag which is probably the only one negative aspects of this beautiful dress. I got it for my daughters school concert she is a size 3/5 in Juniors and the small fit wonderful


