"This is the most wonderful dress. For what it is I would have expected to pay easily twice as much. And the fact they have it in other colors mean I will likely buy more!" -My Fiancee


She is not a tiny girl so I can't speak to how they size for smaller ladies. But for a full-size woman who wants to look and feel fantastic this is a great dress to do just that. Throw a shawl and belt on with a lovely pair of heels and you'll be the envy of many. I know she was.


125% recommendation.


5'7" , 144 pounds 34,29,40 bust waist hips. I was desperate and ordered this dress and another dress on amazon and was not disappointed. The fit was perfect. The material is good, I think cotton. I carry most of my chunk in my waistline and hips and was very pleased that those areas did not appear bulky in this dress. I wish it came with a belt or sash, but I made it work. It keeps it shape really well so a petticoat is not required either to maintain a good flare, though I did order one and chose not to wear it. In the end I kept both dresses because happy with them, will order a red too.


Material is very thin and see-through. It did fit well, however the ribbon was not package separately from the dress and bled into the white dress. When asked if I can exchange, I was told to wash it and send photos. When the stain still did not come out, I was told I would get $2 back and needed to keep washing it. All I wanted was to exchange the dress for a new one but ended up having to just return it altogether. This was supposed to be my wedding dress, ended up having to purchase another dress for the day because it took too long to resolve the issue. Amazon returned my money.


The dress came quite quickly in the mail. Super happy about that. But it came really wrinkly. I loved the fit of the dress and ordered it in white to wear for my courthouse wedding but the item is noticeably see through. I didn't want to wear the "poof" under the skirt so would have to wear a slip or something under it. The material is like a stretchy type material and seems to fit quite well around the arms and neckline. The length is perfect. I have a very high waistline so having a belt feels a little uncomfortable and it's a little plain without it. Must wear some sort of accessories to make this dress really pretty. I am returning the white dress but plan on buying a darker color or patterned one because I love this style of dress. I found a different dress (little higher quality with a liner underneath) for the ceremony.


I bought an XXL based on size chart, I normally wear an XL or 16 dress, XL or 16 pants. I'm sort of flat chested considering my size, 40B, and while most of the dress is comfortably loose the top pokes out and gaps funny.  I've had it on all day though, it's very comfy. The fabric feels great against skin. I wore it with a crinoline today but might not every time.


It came in a bag and was pretty wrinkly. I hung it up in the front of my closet for almost 2 weeks, hung it in the bathroom to steam it and ironed and it was still wrinkled.


The is the most delightful dress ever.  I also ordered a petticoat to go with it and oh-my-goodness, I want to frolic about in this dress 24/7.  The quality is good, particularly for the price.  I ordered according to the provided size chart and found it to be accurate.  I'm 5'6", 128 lbs, and wear a 6 or a Medium in most off-the-rack clothing.  I ordered this in a small and it fits like a dream.  There's a solid chance I may order this dress in several more colors.


Based on the price, I was almost certain I would need to return this dress for being "cheap" looking. That was not the case. It is super cute and perfectly fitted for my body type. I'm 5'4" and 160lbs (typically a size 12). The large fit perfectly. Any bigger and it would have been loose in the chest and any smaller, it would not have zipped around my rib cage. I bought a petticoat slip to go underneath and it was adorable. It gave it just enough lift. With pearls, I looked like Cinderella but with a cute belt and a sweater, I looked like I was going to dinner. I'm contemplating buying this in more colors.


I bought this dress in black and received a ridiculous amount of compliments.  Paired with a black crop sweater, black belt, and a petticoat for a more full skirt - a few people even said I looked like Audrey Hepburn, ha!


There were some loose threads to be trimmed, but you cannot beat the price, so no stars taken!  If you have pets, have a lint roller ready.


After a wash, it shrank and fit perfectly.  5'7, 145 lbs., I ordered a medium.


It is a lovely dress. It fit true to size. It's cotton with 5% spandex, so it holds its shape well.


The dress has a classic cut that flatters most figures.


My only complaint is that the hem is poorly stitched. It's wrinkled along the edge in long stretches. With the crinoline beneath the skirt, the wrinkles aren't too noticeable.


My niece adores it.


Gorgeous dress. Fits as expected. Dry Clean and press or steamed. A Red sash comes with this dress but, any belt/Sash would enhance this dress. PURCHASE A PETTICOAT to enhance the  fullness of the dress.


