Great dress for a great price.


I purchased a L, I am approx a 34DD with a 32 in waist and 39.5 in hip and it fit great. I got a lot of compliments.


Such a beautiful dress!  I ordered a poof chiffon petticoat to go under, and it looked great.  Many compliment's at the country club casual rehearsal dinner I attended.  I'm 5'8, 135, 34D.


I love this dress! I'm 6' 36DD I bought an XL, the dress came to my knees and was perfect with two petticoats under it. The fabric had some stretch in it which helped with my largest chest. It came folded in a plastic bag and was very wrinkly. I steamed the dress twice to get the wrinkles out and it got about 80% of them out. I ended up having to iron the dress to get the other 20% of the wrinkles out. The dress does wrinkle very easily.


It's perfect!! I am going to wear it for my bridal shower with a tutu skirt.  Otherwise it is see through and doesn't have the proper fullness.


Pretty Dress.


I LOVE THIS DRESS! I'm a size medium and my measurements are 38 D cup, 27 inch waistline, and 44 inch hips. I got this dress in large because I wanted a flare, loose, fit. I'm 5,6 and a half and I weigh 165 pound.


This dress fits perfectly, my overall opinion is I love it. The material is very nice and the fit is very comfortable. I would recommend this dress.


BeAuitful Dress! Fits perfectly.


I loved this dress. Very well made and was packaged beautifully.


This dress is perfect! I bought the dress in white for my wedding dress. Since I made the purchase a few days before the ceremony I ordered a large and an x-large. The measurements on one of the pictures is very accurate. The large fit me perfectly! The return on the x-large was very smooth and simple. Everyone adored my wedding dress. I sent the link to a number of people who attended the wedding. It was simple and classic.


The material is very nice to be outside or inside. It breathes very well and is very nice to have on. The skirt is not form fitting without a petticoat and it also got stuck between my legs. The petticoat was an additional $11 - but well worth it! In general I had the ability to move very freely while feeling like a princess. I kept getting down on the floor to talk to my 18 month old son and picking him up and then back down. It was very comfortable.


The dress should be dry cleaned when you first receive it. It comes in this tiny bag which it is all folded up in. The dry cleaning bill was only $3 to steam. Personally I will not wash this dress and do dry clean only. If you are looking to get the dress for every day wear I would avoid the all white or all black dress. Any time anyone hugged me I would need a lint remover.


I would 100% recommend this dress to anyone looking for a comfortable fit!


