I bought this dress for someone else (a teacher) for a kindergarten graduation ceremony. She needed the white one. Sadly, the first dress was stained by the red ribbon that came packaged around it. So we returned it for another one, but the second one had a stain as well. :( We decided to just deal with it the second time because it wasn't *QUITE* as noticeable and we didn't want to deal with the hassle of another return when we needed it ASAP. To avoid this problem in the future, I'd say the red ribbon should have some plastic wrapping around it so that it can't stain the dress in the packaging.


The dress itself is made well enough, though it was a bit small. I bought her usual size and it was a little tight, but we didn't want to change the size for the second order out of fear it'd be too large either. It goes down to about knee-length, so it provides a pretty good amount of coverage if that's needed/wanted. So on the whole, we did get a nice and well-made dress (with the exception of the stain), but we would've gone for something else if we hadn't of needed this for the ceremony (her entire team was doing it).


 I bought the vintage floral dress F18 pattern,my sister Loves it.She is 5'11"tall,26" waist,the small fits well!It was cotton and spandex, but very comfortable and light weight.The red belt is great quality too.It has a nice swing to it, wear a petticoat underneath will make it more fantastic, and it still perfect if you don't have one.She is going to wear it to a party, before that, we have took a lot of photoes. It is very classy,we will buy more colors of Anni Coco dress.


Update review today.


Buy one more black dress with rose pattern Flower 10.It is different material to the F18 Pattern,it is thicker but makes the dress flow very nicely on the body.The dress is cute and we make a cute video to show you.


Please shop Anni Coco dresses. Thank you.


This is absolutely a gorgeous dress. I ordered 2 sizes bigger based on other reviews and it was a good fit. For a reference I'm 5.8, 168, and 36DD and I ordered XL size.


Initially I bought this dress for an event that required a red dress  but the event got cancelled so I ended up returning the dress, however I'm thinking about buying it again in a different color. It was a really good fit and proportionate in all areas, even underarms and bust area, which I didn't expect from these types of dresses. They always seem to be off or somewhat big in these areas.


Surprisingly, this dress is very good quality and it's made of a thicker fabric and it has some stretch to it. It's not completely flat or puffy, but I did buy a "tutu skirt" to go with it. It made this dress absolutely stunning. The black belt was a nice touch as well. There were no visible or shredding threads anywhere, the zipper was strong and barely visible, and the dress feels nice and heavy on the bottom.


There is a "sea" of these dresses on Amazon, and I have bought a few, but this one is definitely the best of the kind I bought so far. The fit, the fabric, the style, and a true red color...I definitely recommend if you are looking for this type of dress.


After reading many reviews on this dress I took the advice of many and ordered a size up. I'm always a bit concerned with online purchases of clothing as I'm busty and don't want the look of a top being too tight.  And if its too big, then the arm holes are showing off a bra. It was a little big under the arms but otger than that This Fit pretty wonderfully. The v neck is cut so well and I find that style way more comfortable than a high neck for me personally. Hate feeling chocked by clothing.


I wore this with a petticoat underneath and got just the umph it needed.


The material is a little stretchy making it even more comfortable.


For the price you just can't beat it.  I went with the Small.  I'm 5'5" and bounce between 130 - 135 lbs with a 32 C.  The dress fits great, but getting it off posed a slight struggle.  It's not tight anywhere and I even have wiggle room for weight gain.  Not much, mind you, but there is a wee bit of room for growth.  The part that was tough to wiggle out of is where the waistline meets the bust.  That waist seam is sewn solidly and there's no give when removing the dress.  The old trick of moving it over the hips and stepping out of the dress instead isn't going to fly if your hips are wider than your bust.  I stick with my decision of Small, though.  I didn't want to bump up to a Medium and end up with material bunching or pooching.  If you are at 33 C I'm going to advise bumping to a Medium.


My daughters and mother said the socks were essential to the ensemble so I didn't crop them out of the picture.  Enjoy!


Loves this dress. Very sturdy material which surprised me because of the price. I will definitely recommend. I ordered a small and the fit was perfect. I am 5'4 125 lbs.


Fit Perfect 5'9" 165lbs Looked great I got stopped everywhere I went with complements from complete strangers.


Cute dress, looks kinda plain by itself. Would recommend buying a white ribbon to go around your waist.


Followed the recommendation and bought a size up and it fit well


This is a gorgeous dress. I can't believe how nice the quality is for such a low price. My daughter wore it for a high school Sweethearts dance and wore a Grace Karin Petticoat crinoline under it. It looked beautiful on!


This dress has the full circle skirt it claims to have, which is good. And it does warn you that the belt is going to be just a crappy ribbon, which is honest on their part, so I didn't expect anything better than what I got on that. The fabric was even decent quality.


The dress was just boxy and unflattering, that's all. And maybe that's only because it was a little on the big side. Perhaps the next size down would have looked a little better, but I wasn't so in love with the dress that I cared to try. I think it just wasn't meant for me.


