I love this dress- it's pretty, comfortable and easy to take care of. The bodice runs a little smaller than I expected, but I can still wear it comfortably. If you're busty, consider ordering a size up. I'm a 36 D and if I was any bigger I'd have needed a larger size.


One tip for people like me who hate to iron- take it out while it's damp and hang dry.


This dress fit me beautifully! I picked up a petty coat and it was very beautiful. I felt very pretty in this dress! I purchsed the blank with red flowers,  I am 5' 6'' and 210 and got the XXL.


Love this dress. Received many compliments on it when I wore it to a Kentucky Derby party. My only complaint is there are no washing instructions on the dress so I am unsure how to clean.


I was really excited by the reviews on this dress, but I was extremely disappointed when  received it. I should have known the price was too good to be true. I am fairly tall at 5'8" and have a long torso. This dress fit awful on me. The top portion came just barely to the bottom of my rib cage and it just made the rest of the dress feel off. Not to mention it was on the snug side. Even if I had tried a size up, I would not have liked the cut. It appears to me to be made for some under 5'6" or at least with a shorter torso. I am very glad for those who loved it, but I returned mine and will keep looking for my black dress.


Dress was better than expected for the price.  Size based on chart was pretty accurate.


I did all my measurements and went with a medium. I am about 5'3 120lbs I felt like it was a little big on me. I am going to order a small and hope it  is more flattering. I think the dress is BEAUTIFUL. I really look forward to getting the next one in hopes that it fit better.


I loved this dress! The material and cut where perfect for me. I'm going to look for it in different colors but the red was fabulous! I am very large in too and I have a large midsection (I'm not complaining:) but this dress complimented my figure so well. Good job Ani Coco!!


Wife loved this dress. Material is soft and the color is true to the photo provided.


Loving it with my belt.


OH MY GOOOOOODNESSSSS!  THIS DRESS IS RIDICULOUSLY CUTE.  Everyone should hate me.  I'm killin it in this dress.  I'm about to have every color. This dress is waaaay too cute for words!!!  I'm waiting until I press it and get dolled up to post it.  I'm about to be a walking advertisement for this company....LOL!


