It would be a great dress if I still had my sixteen-year-old figure, which is long gone. Plus the arm holes are too big - way too big.


And if you have any hips at all, forget it. As you can see from the picture of the dress, it's for people without hips.


Sending it back (bother). But if you need large arm holes and have no hips, it's very nice :-)


i bought this dress in the F14 Geometric color. When it arrived it was packaged beautifully, i was kind of shocked when i actually took the dress out, it felt like plastic and was shiny, it was cotton amd spandex, which i did'nt see in the product review while purchasing it. At first i thought it kind of  looked cheap, but i tried it on and it was lovely on,, the skirt was full, really gorgeous with a petticoat underneath!!. It is a beautiful pattern and is a fun dress, and doesnt look cheap at all when its on. So i am going to.keep it as ibreally love it now, its hanging on the door of my closet in my view right now, in waiting for its debut wear in 2 weeks to my friends wedding.....theme is Grease the Movie!! Happy with my purchase.


Buying a dress online is always such a gamble, especially if you're not typically a "dress girl". I bought this dress for a 1950's party, and I got so many compliments! I'm 5'5", 155 lb and 34D, size Large fit like a glove. Simple and well made. Definitely get a petticoat for underneath! The dress also irons really well with a sprayer. Wonderful product.


We purchased this dress for my daughter who needed it for a costume for a play. This dress fits as expected and is a very flattering dress!!! My teen loved it so much, she wants one in a color she would normally wear. It's nicely made and is beautiful!!!! I definitely would not shy away from this dress. It is fitted so please use the recommended sizing from the chart provided. It fit my daughter perfectly.


This dress was just okay. The fabric was heavier than I expected and the skirt part is bulky. I bought this for a wedding and I really wanted something light and comfortable. It might have been better if I was interested in a petticoat but that's not what I was going for. The size is fairly true to form (a little small at the bust line) and the pattern matched the picture. It seemed to be well made. I guess I just wasn't in love with it.


In the world of cheap amazon dresses, Anni Coco does a decent job. I wore this dress for a "vintage cocktail" event, and it got a ton of compliments. Note - the skirt isn't full enough to poof out on its own, you'll need an underskirt if you want that look.


Pros - nice color, consistent sizing, decently well-constructed.


Cons - fabric isn't very soft and I was worried about melting it with the iron. It does not stretch. I washed it after the event and it looks like it's developed some puckering around the seams.


I'm 5'7", 38B and an athletic build  -  the large fit me well.


Beautifully made, fit perfectly. It was a Christmas miracle to find a dress for my 17 year old!


My measurements 41-32.5- 39.2 the  xlg fits so well didn't need the zipper pull it on over my head. I'm petite 5 foot so I had the dress altered shorten the torso,lowered the V neck and hemmed the length to just below my knees. Got a black  rock a billy petticoat to give dress more flar and it also makes your waist look smaller,Who doesn't want that.  I ordered the black background with white flowers.This dress is for a spring wedding/ easter brunch


Over all love the dress but it runs larger up top than what the measurement chart stated. I'm 5'3" and weigh 153 lbs. I will have to have it altered to fit properly up top. I am a 36 DD so my bust measurement was 39in so I went with the XL which fits my other areas great, just gaping some in the front and at the arm holes. Most other things I purchase are the opposite giving the 36 DD. So kinda bummed I'll have to put out a little more cash to have it altered and get the fit just right. I got the same dress in black with cherries and the white with cherries and all three have the same issue. So keep that in mind when ordering. Hip and waist was just right though. I also ordered the petticoat to go under it, fills it out nicely.


I love love this dress. The dress is beautiful material is soft and has a little stretch to it. When I first saw the dress the butterflies weren’t as brightly colored like the picture but after I put it on and paired it with a red sweater I feel in love. I also tried a black sweater and it was just as beautiful. Next I will be pairing it with a blue sweater to bring out the blue butterflies. This dress can be paired with many different colors. I’m 5ft 137 36C and I got a large and it fit wonderful.


