So this dress is beautiful! I took my measurements and used the size chart for this dress and it fit perfectly. I also love the yellow its not a bright yellow more of a golden yellow. For reference I wear a 40dd and I ordered the XL and it fits great not too tight at all in the bust which is a problem for me a lot. It came fast it was wrinkled but just needed some ironing and it looked fabulous.


Gorgeous dress, fitted in the waist. Hits approx. 2 1/2-3 inches below the knee with a petticoat on.  Will be washing in cold and maybe hanging to dry to preserve the color.  Flowers are imprinted onto fabric and are bright red. Ordered small. I am 5 ft, 112 lbs and usually wear a 4 petite.


I normally wear a M or L. After checking the manufacturer size guide, I found I was just under the L measurements.  The guide recommended ordering one size up if you were close in measurements, so I got an XL. It was very loose and baggy straight out of the box. Washing it may have helped shrink it some (as it did for another dress I purchased from this company with a similar fabric), but the belt was missing  from my dress. With the potential loose fit and no belt to help detract from the bagginess, it was not flattering. Overall, the dress itself was made well and the fabric was not thin or see through (sky blue). I really liked the idea of this dress, but with two strikes against it, I opted to return it. I am strongly considering ordering another in a smaller size and darker color. I don't believe it is a bad product, and I think with the right size/color/belt, it would be a lovely dress!


This is my 4th purchase...I have the blue, red, black and floral..This is the best dress ever. It can be a simple sundress, a Sunday dress, a wedding party dress, or an evening dress... I  love it!


Absolutely love this dress! I am 170lbs & a 38DD  I ordered a size large,  perfect fit very comfortable as well. I will definitely order another one in a different color same size. I wore this dress to a wedding, and was complemented all night how beautiful the dress was.


UPDATE: Had to knock this down to one star, since the first time I wore the dress, the zipper split all the way down the back of the dress. How embarrassing at an event too! Very poorly made cheap zipper. The dress fit me perfectly but the zipper just split so now I'm returning the dress. Such a letdown as the dress had a perfect fit and beautiful pattern I got so many compliments.


This dress is even prettier in person! The print pops and the fabric has a rich sheen to it. Its just light weight cotton/poly with some stretch to make it comfortable. In a size 12/14 and the Large fits me like a glove. I have a short torso so usually dresses like this have high shoulders for me but this one isnt bad, maybe a small adjustment but not absolutely necessary. The length is very modest. I'm 5 foot tall and it comes several inches last my knee, almost mid-shin so even on a taller girl, this should hit the knee. Its worth what I paid and doesnt look cheap. I like that the sash is not attached so its optional. And the dress looks good with or without it. The sash is also long enough to double it up and make a nice bow. Love this dress!


This dress is amazing. I got a ton of compliments and it appears to be very well made. No lose strings or bad seams. I would say the dress is relatively true to size. I'm normally an extra small, but ordered a small since they don't go down that far. The dress is just a smidge big on me, but the fabric drapes nicely and is forgiving. Very very flattering.


I'm short (5'2) and it comes to just below my knees. This also means that the majority of the petticoats on amazon will work well with it.


I do not get compliments on this dress, like I thought I would. The zipper gets stuck every time someone tries to zip it up. When it is unzipped, it slides down like butter. I do not think I bought a size too small because it fits well and still has give while I am wearing it. It is thin enough not to make you hot in the summer, but also very well crafted. I have run it through the washing machine and dryer using delicate settings and it has held up fine for 3 months. I wear it at least once every 2 weeks. It looks fine with and without a petticoat. I will buy more of this dress in different colors when my budget allows.


I don't ever leave reviews but this dress is PERFECT. I bought in a small and it fit like I glove. I wore it to a wedding and got so many compliments. It's the perfect dress and I will be buying more. Love love LOVE


I loved this dress! It was prefect for the Valentine's Day party. The fit in the busy was perfect, I opted not to put a petticoat under the shirt as to not make it too big. I will say if you are short as I'm 5'2 expect it to hit you around your calf.


