My 14 year old loves to dress in a vintage look. This dress is adorable. She wore this to be Alice in Wonderland at school. She has also just wore it with nude shoes as a casual dress. The fit is perfect. I used a steamer to get the wrinkles out, I might need to use starch.


This dress looks horrible in person...not nearly as attractive as it looks online.


Wow! Completely see-through!  Had to return it!


Also, weirdly long... probably 4 inches longer than it should be.


Cute dress. Very comfortable.


I am not a big fan of ordering clothes on line because I can’t try them on first. I have been losing weight as well, so I wasn’t sure what size to order. I went with the XL because I am a 14/16 and was very nervous that it wasn’t going to fit. I was pleasantly surprised when the dress arrived, the first thing I did was take a picture to send to my mom because I was so excited and the next thing was to try it on. The material does have a bit of stretch to it and was just enough to fit my ribcage and chest, which is usually where I have the most problems when it comes to clothes. The dress is made of a pretty decent on the heavier side material. There are belt loops around the waist and I already owned the prefect belt to go with it. I am already imagining what sweaters and boots I can pair this with for the fall. My favorite part of the dress is the length, yet again another problem for me being 6 foot tall. The dress falls perfectly at my knees and I don’t have to worry about flashing anyone. The rose pattern is sweet and pretty, and it is a color I don’t own too much of.  I am extremely happy with this dress and now that I am sure that they’ll fit I will be ordering more from this company.


**I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review of the product **


THIS DRESS IS EXTREMELY MISLEADING!!! It says it comes to your kneecaps, but when I tried it on, it was basically a full length dress. The dimensions DO NOT MAKE SENSE. Stay far away from this dress. Horribly manufactured, the material is uncomfortable, and it just plain looks bad. Find something that is more form fitting, because this one will not look good on you. No matter who you are.


For reference, I am 5'7 and about 140 pounds.


A little small


I'm 5'7 170 36D and the large fit great. It was a little too long for me so I had about four inches cut off so now it's right above be knee.  The material is good quality and feels good against my skin.


Purchased as a simple wedding dress. The quality was amazing and it was easy to dress up.


I wear a lot of mod cloth/emily & fin/unique vintage dresses, and when I had the chance to review this dress at a discount in exchange for a discount, I was all over it.  Style wise, this dress is on point, the fabric looks great, but this is about my 7th or 8th polka dot dress, so I'm obviously a bit fan.  The bust is lined, but not the rest of the dress, the seams are nice & well made, I do like that the fabric is stretchy too.  However, I wish it had pockets.  But don't expect the same quality as the other brands, but for the price you pay, it isn't too bad and about right where I expected it to be on quality.  It does run a bit small, but the stretchy fabric allows for some give, I'd still suggest ordering a size up


