I needed a basic white dress and this does the job. It is what it is thought. There's nothing special about it. This dress has no texture to it as the 4th or 5th picture 'implies' the zipper is plastic, so head the other warnings and zip up carefully past the waist. I don't intend on wearing it often, only for events I need a white dress, so that's fine. There is no lining and this dress is b-a-s-i-c so get it with no high expectation and you are fine.  I wear a size 6 at 5'2''  with 36-30-38.5 measurements, the medium is fine, but there's no room to sit and eat. The waist makes me look wide and fat with my short torso, so I would prefer not to get a large, I'd never wear it and dread any photographer taking a picture of me in the med, let alone large. With all that being said, it is what it is and I'm glad to have a basic white dress for rare occasions so it meets my needs.


I upsized to a medium due to the fitted bodice and it fits perfectly on my 38B body.  The material is very nice due to a small amount of stretch compared to others I ordered.  I wanted something totally different and this retro look fit the bill.  The zipper doesn't go all the way to the top, but acceptable, so I deducted one star.  I took the advice of others and ordered a "GRACE KARIN"petticoat that I haven't worn since I was a kid.  It looked okay without it, but it added to the total look I was seeking for a special event on my birthday.  The black with red flowers looks so classy!!!  I ordered 6 dresses to try and this one is my husband's favorite on me.


I ordered this dress in red to wear for a wedding, I used the sizing chart and ordered an XL, I typically wear a US size 12 and it fit perfectly. The dress looked great with a petticoat but the night of the wedding ended up being nearly 90 degrees so I wore it without it and it still had a great shape and fit. The material was perfect for a summer wedding. My only complaint about this dress is that it arrived very wrinkled and I ironed it at the hotel when we were already there. If you did not use enough heat, the wrinkles did not budge but too much heat or the use of the iron's steam setting would quickly discolor the fabric (I am lucky I did a test run on the lower part of the skirt). The next time I wear it I would run it through the dryer to remove wrinkles and not go near it with an iron.


If you're on the fence about this dress, BUY IT! It's so cute, I can hardly take it! I'm 5'2", 128lbs. I took the advice of previous reviewers and bought a size up, a medium. It fits me perfectly. The waist is a little loose without the satin belt, but once I put that on, it fit adorably. I don't feel sucked in, and won't feel uncomfortable at all wearing this all day. I'd even consider buying different patterns for other occasions! Buy a petticoat for extra oomph!


The xl penticoat fits great, along with the  2xl dress, and 1x sweater. I weigh about 190 pounds. My bust is 42. My hips is 49. My waist is about 40. The dress is stretchy. I could have  got a xl. I wore it to church  on Sunday and I got a lot of compliments.


I bought this dress for a wedding. I have always wanted something like this. I received it in a very small package and it was very wrinkled and I had to iron it twice. I'm giving it four stars because if you looked at the dress funny, it would wrinkle. I spent a lot of the wedding and reception worried about how I sat because of it. But, it did look good and I got a lot of compliments. It made me feel very feminine and chic. I wore it without the ruffle petticoat thing underneath.


Gorgeous dress. Love love love it! Ordered a Large and it fit perfectly. I am 5'7" 36D 34" waist and 42" bottom. Dress feels like quality material with a bit of stretch. Vibrant color! I am wearing my own belt in this picture.


OMG! I LOVE this dress!!!!! I listened to the reviews and ordered larger then I normally wear, which is between a L and XL I'm 5'1' 176lbs., so I ordered the XXL. I probably could have gotten away with just the XL because I can slip this dress on over my head without un-zipping it. I have worn it to church already and received lots of compliments. I did purchase a petticoat for underneath, but you don't have too. Thanks so much, I will buy more colors as I can afford to. LOL


Absolutely gorgeous dress, it arrived in one day which was shockingly fast, and it fits perfectly. I am 5'3, about 160 pounds and got size L. The zipper does get a little stuck going over the seam at the waist, but it is otherwise beautifully made.


Love the fit of these 1950's style dresses, I purchase them often, in fact anytime I find one in my size.  They cut in and flare out in all the right places _ I am quite hippy with thick thighs, however in this dress you would never know.  The bust side and waist darts of the dress accentuate your waist and bust well.  The circle skirt flows away from the body and looks great with or without a petticoat.  There were no skipped or missing stitches, the hem line was even (you would be surprised how often this is not the case), and the neck/arm openings were faced versus just hemmed.  This dress has belt loops - bonus because a lot of the do not.  I love pairing these dresses with a skinny belt, but often the belt will ride up - not the case here.  It is white, however I will be wearing this dress throughout the fall as the fabric is medium weight and I don't buy in to outdated fashion rules.  Highly recommended!


