I ordered this dress a size larger than I normally would buy. Unfortunately I could not zip the dress still and there was extra fabrics in places that I would never need it, I also was not a very big fan of the texture it reminded me of a cheap tablecloth it was very stiff. Four people wondering about the length I am 5‘9“ tall and the dress went just below my knees. It is sad because I get what they’re trying to do with the dress and it would look really cute I hope others have better luck with it but this is not the dress for me


Please make sure to read the measurement for this sellers version of the sizes listed!!! The dress was lovely, but I had to return it because their version of an "XL" was a 32-inch waist. I tend to wear a large.x-large at most American clothing stores, but this was definitely not something that could be called an XL. Also, I had to spend $6 to return it. Lucky for me, I had used a gift card to purchase it, but it is still frustrating. This seller perhaps should use number sizes instead of the very misleading "medium/large/x-large".


This a dress for a wedding I'll be a bridesmaid in. I ordered two, a medium and a large, because I have a top-heavy proportion. This gave me more than enough room to breathe, but I will have to hem the skirt (if not take the waist in a bit). I'm 5'4" and it hit me halfway down my shin.


I bought this dress for my daughters school dance & she looked gorgeous in this dress. She is 5'3"  and 120 lbs and the size small fit great.  We added a red petticoat for a sweet retro look.


I have not worn this out, since it is a little fancier than expected! I did try it on at home and fits like a dream. The lower fabric falls so perfectly so as to give that full skirt effect. The material is perfect to create that soft and beautiful shape.I am 5'3'' and when I opened it thought it might be too long, but it is not. If you are the modest type it falls a little below the knees and will look great with heels. I think I'll buy another dress in a lighter color since the black one I bought looks so good.  It was nicely packaged in zip bag.


I ordered this dress for a wedding. It is a very nicely made dress, good material.  I ordered the classy blue in a M, I am 5'8" and 145 lbs and it fits good.  A little loose around the waist but the sash with fix that issue.  The length is to my knees.  Lays perfectly without a  petticoat.


This dress is absolutely beautiful as others have stated. I purchased with the petticoat for the extra flare. I loved how the dress fit and was true to size.  My only problem is I need a pure  white dress and the dress I received was more of an ivory egg shell color. It's doesn't look like it in the pictures but it is.


The dress is cute and flattering, but did NOT include the pictured ribbon which was one of the deciding factors in choosing this dress. I wanted something black and red. It took a LOT of low temp ironing to get the loads of wrinkles out, and I had to go over it with a lint roller despite washing it by itself and hanging it to dry. Once everything was done though it looked great. I added a petticoat and bought red ribbon from a craft store. Got lots of compliments. I just wish it wasn't so much work to wear!


I love this dress. It is prettier than I excepted. I got the black with pink polka dots. I added a petticoat to 'fluff' it up. Was slightly too tight through the chest. I am a 38b. I ordered a medium. With no bra, it for great.


This is my first "rockabilly"-style dress, and I will echo the comments of many others ... Yes, it's a GREAT dress for the price, flattering to most figures. Yes, a petticoat really brings it to life. Yes, the dress fabric is stiff, has to be ironed well upon receipt, and re-wrinkles easlly. But I get the sense that the fabric is actually beneficial to the drama provided by the petticoat. I got the dress in black and put it over a green petticoat for a fashion event that called for black and green evening attire. I must say, I felt like a princess! I will definitely be ordering more of this style dress.


