Nice material. Looks best with a petticoat, as pictured, but the waist does not hit at my natural waist so I feel like I looked more rotund than necessary. the length was great and as expected. But just too baggy in the shoulders and waist didint hit right.


Loved this dress!  I wore it to a dinner and dance.  It was so comfortable and I received lots of compliments on the dress.


 I am 5'3 120 pounds and ordered a size small in this gorgeous boat neck dress, it fits beautifully. The length is a little longer than I would've expected however the length doesn't bother me whatsoever and I actually enjoy it.  It gives the dress a more classic look, but it's versatile so I can wear it dressed up with sparkly jewelry and high heels, or I can throw on a sun hat and sandals and both ways look amazing. It gives me an amazing waistline which I adore so if you're looking for a dress that slims you down this is the dress for you. I absolutely recommend this 1950's vintage dress!


Initial thought was that it reminded me of a homemade dress. There's something about the fabric and the stitching that reminds me of dresses my mom used to make. The fit on the top was great, and skirt flowed okay, so I decided to wear it. The skirt really blows up in the wind and I had to keep my hands down while walking outside. Still, cute for a casual summer event. Until the zipper ripped!  It was not too tight, but halfway through the day, the middle of the zipper broke open. Thankfully I had a jean jacket with me....


Also adding a comment about the color.  I selected Floral 6, thinking it was black,white, and gray. It was actually navy, white, and light blue, which were nice colors, but can't get over the zipper ripping...


This is my second Annie Coco Dress. It was perfect. I received so many compliments. I ordered a Med and a large. The large Worked but I had to have it taken in slightly under the arm because it fit big across the breast area (34C). I am 5"4 & normally wear a large or med in dresses and shirts. The length stopped right under my knees. I used a belt at the waist. Hopefully this helps. If so please mark it helpful.


I purchased this dress for a Holly Golightly inspired look, and was definitely not let down!


This dress is so beautiful and looks just as it does in the photos! I was a little worried about the size, as some reviewers suggested buying one size up, but the dress fits true to size in my opinion! Fits just like a glove.


The dress zips in back as well.


Shipping was very fast, and by fast I mean I received it in two days!


This dress would definitely look good with or without a petticoat underneath it.


Just add some pearls and a wide brim hat and you're ready to go!


Would definiey purchase this again without any hesitation.


I purchased this dress by ANNI COCO and one that is very much like it by OUGES  (https://amazon.com/gp/product/B01NAIPMCJ/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) so I can compare the two to help those who are shopping for a dress.  Both are beautiful, but there are some small differences that may matter to you.


The OUGES dress has a smooth satin-like finish (made of polyester), compared to the cotton fabric in the ANNI COCO.  Which fabric is better is nothing more than a matter of preference.  The waistline on the OUGES dress hits right at my waist, while the ANNI COCO dress hits just slightly above my waist.  Since I am 5'8", and long-waisted, the OUGES brand fit me better, but that will vary by body type.


The skirt on the OUGES dress is not as wide as the one on the ANNI COCO dress.  The skirt on the OUGES dress is full, but traditionally so.  If you are looking for the Rockabilly style to wear with a big petticoat underneath, you will prefer the one from ANNI COCO because that skirt is much, much fuller than the one by OUGES.  Out of the bag, the OUGES dress was ready to wear, while the Anni Coco dress is full of wrinkles and will need to be ironed before it can be worn.  The OUGES dress has a zipper that glides smoothly;  the ANNI COCO dress has a zipper that may be frustrating - it does not slide well at all.


Both brands have a boatneck neckline, and both include a sash/ribbon belt.  Both brands are very nice, and I would keep both if I hadn't ordered the same floral design.  Because the OUGES dress has a slightly longer bodice that fits my long torso better, I will keep that one and return the ANNI COCO.  However, it is simply a matter of the fit on me that made the decision.  People who are not quite as tall may prefer the ANNI COCO.  I will still order a different dress from ANNI COCO because my own wide belt will hide the slightly-too-high waistline, and I love the very, very full skirt.


I bought this dress (Anni Coco Women's 1950s Hepburn Vintage Swing Dress) in a creamy white. Although not pictured it came with a red sash belt. I love it. The fit was perfect and the sash was a nice touch. I wear a size 5/6 normally. I have attached two photos. The first is with a petticoat and the second is with out (assuming Amazon uploads them in order). I also haven't ironed these in the photos. I took these right out of the bag.


Not deal breakers but a couple things to note:


It's not bright white as it appears in the advertised photo. It is still white but its a duller white if that makes sense. It does seem that they tried to explain that by calling it creamy white in the color listing.


It does wrinkle easy so expect to iron this. I read a comment or two that said it was difficult to iron them out but I had no trouble. I washed it and hung it up to air dry. Before it was 100% dry I ironed out the skirt and it looks smooth and wrinkle free.


If you get the sash be sure to wash it by its self before wearing. The color bled from the sash when I was it (as expected) but had I wore it out in the heat and sweated any near it, my white dress would of had a red line.


i love the look of this dress. being 31 and 5'0 is somewhat of an oxymoron. bought this dress for a party. it's cute but too tight around the bust. uber cute with a cardigan....


I love this dress  super super super


Cute ! Wore it to a black tie event ❤️Wore a petticoat underneath it ! Looks fabulous . True to sizing


