I love the cut off this dress and the fabric feels amazing, sadly I can't get it to zip past my chest. If you're someone with a larger bust, pay close attention to the inches rather than your normal size. I typically wear an XL, but a 3XL in this still had about a four inch gap preventing it from zipping


This was by far one of my favorite dresses ever ordered online/Amazon. The quality of the dress was evident even by the feel. It was packaged very well. It is classy and a beautiful vintage style. I bought a small petticoat for a little flare. I would buy this again in another color without a doubt.


Great dress but it's a little see through so you'll need to wear either nude or all black undergarments with it there's a petticoat you can purchase separately to go along with it but in my opinion the dress fell at the bottom the way I wanted without it


Fits way smaller than the sizing chart says.  It's the ribbon around the middle.  Be cautious of that.


The dress is a cut style.  I'm a little disappointed in the fabric.  From the pictures it looks a little more dressy.  However, my daughter loves the style.  You definitely need to order a petticoat with this in order to make the skirt full.  We're going to use this for a senior banquet.  She didn't want to wear the long, formal type gown so I think we'll be able to dress this up.  I wish they would have sent this in a box.  It just came in one of those plastic pouches and the dress was so wrinkled.  I'm sure we'll be able to get these out once we steam it.  I actually order this dress and another one in purple in a little different style for my other daughter whose dress also fit perfectly.


Ordered 2 of the exact same dresses.For my up coming wedding. Opened them with the brides made and was floored.One Dosent even look like the photonic  was To larger dirty with white stuff on it. The xl wasn't even same dress or label.  Horrible unflattering not as pictured. Bad material very disappointed in the quality and the lack of attention given when my order was pulled. Will be requesting a prompt and courtesy refund. Bad business Amazon not a happy bride.


I liked the style of the dress, but it was too small. I ordered an XL, which typically fits me for shirts and dresses, but it didn't fit the bust area with this dress. It fit everywhere else nicely. I should've listened to the other reviews and ordered a larger size. Shipping was great on the return- very easy and convenient. I got it pretty quickly as well. It was made of nice sturdy material and there were no rips/marks of any kind.


Such a nice dress! But I’m too short for it. I’m 5’2 so it went down to my mid calf. Also I am 190lbs 38C and I ordered a Large and it fit just right. For bigger chest I’d order up.


It is a beautiful dress! The fabric is a little shiny, just enough to make it look even better. The light blue is exactly like the one on the picture.


I am 5' 2" , 128 pound and this dress shoes off my nice waist beautifully. I love it!


I love this dress.  I don't look great in blue jeans, so I bought this dress for when I want to dress comfortably but still look good.  I have received lots of compliments on it!


