This item is really cute and exactly as pictured.  The quality isn't fantastic, but I bought this for a photoshoot.  I believe I could get quite a few uses from it before it started to need to be rehemmed.  For the price, I'm quite satisfied.


OMG, I didn't expect this dress to fit so beautifully, Great fabric, fit to size, great length. Would recommend that you try it, you won't be disappointed.


Gorgeous dress. My daughter looked stunning in it. Great fit. I added the petticoat underneath to go e it more flare.


I absolutely love my dress! BUT I was expecting stark white...the dress is actually off white.  I bought a pure white petticoat to go with it so the colors are off.  I will make it work...just a minor problem.  I am 5'7" about 165 with a 38D (give or take depending on the time of day as I am nursing an infant at home) and I ordered a XL.  It fits perfectly.  I will be ordering more!


Bought this for my daughter.  Looks great!  I got her a petticoat to go with it and it fills out the skirt perfectly.  I would suggest the Maggie Tang Vintage Rockabilly Net Petticoat Skirt Tutu ,22" Length White


I was so happy with this dress, I felt like it was made for me. I'm 5'6" 156 lbs, pear shape. It was flattering and I got a ton of compliments. I wish I had a reason to wear this dress everyday. I do suggest a petticoat for flair.


Cute!  Fit perfectly, fabric was stretchy and didn't wrinkle at all.  My only beef is that they sent a black sash with a navy and turquoise dress, but I just replaced it with a different belt.


Love the dress! However, everyone wrote to order a size up so i did...i could have easily ordered my regular size as it was too big on my waist. I have a small waist and bigger booty so i am wishing i had ordered a medium instead of large. Luckily i have a thin black belt to add to tighten the area! Cute dress tho for sure. I am wearing it to my breakfast at tiffanys bridal shower in two weeks!


Love everything about this dress, but can't wear it.  I am a solid 2x in all of my other clothes so I have it in my closet until I can shed a few pounds.


Little tight around the bust so I hope the seams hold but the overall style is perfect and what I was looking for. Will probably order up one size next time but will definitely order again.


