I'm very satisfied with this dress I got it for my wedding dress. I got size small and Fits perfectly i love how it fells on my body very comfortable, the silk ribbon that comes with the dress is so cute. Quality and price is great. I want to order more of this dress maybe a few with a different designs for church and for the holidays.


Highly recommended. If i can give a 10 star i would.


Thank you.


I bought the dress in the blue Flower 1 pattern. I liked it, but it was too big. I reordered a smaller size, but then my husband said he didn't like the pattern. He said it was too busy, made his eyes go funny, and looked like something his grandma would wear. Ok. Guess I'll be canceling that 2nd order.


The dress itself was good quality and I thought the pattern was pretty. Oh well. These things happen. Good product, so I won't take stars away bc of my husband's opinion.


I could not love this dress more! It fits perfectly, it's a beautiful print (I got the white with black floral), and it's a nice fabric. I'm 5' 6", usually anywhere from 135 to 145 pounds, and the large fits just right! The waist hits at one's "true waist," which means this dress is quite flattering, emphasizing a narrow part of the torso. The dress looks wonderful with or without a petticoat (I have a 26 inch petticoat), and it looks great with or without the sash. I'm going to order more of this dress in different patterns!


I ordered this dress in white for my bachelorette party and it was great. The neckline comes up pretty high, perfect for a chunky necklace over the top, and it's a nice length (not one of the short, "bend-over-and-see-everything" kind of dresses that are popular for this type of event). My only complaint is that it's pretty sheer and I needed a slip underneath. It had to be a smooth, tight one, like shape-wear, because my nude, silk slip had seams that could still be seen through the dress.


This dress more than I four have hoped. I was very hesitant and on buying a large didn't want it to not fit. I am 5' 1" and weigh 165. The large fit great and was comfortable I loved loved loved it


Quality workmanship and materials. I used a petticoat, but could have gone without, as the thick fabric flares out on its own. Fit was a bit on the short side (waist felt high), but not noticeably to anyone but me. Also a bit big around the waist. I'm 5'5" and got the small (my waist is 28"), so if you're taller and a size s/xs, this will probably be too short for you, unless you're willing to go a size bigger and cinch with a skinny belt, which I don't recommend. On the other hand if you're petite and on the s/m cusp, you'll do great, and the fabric has some stretch to it.


Overall great value.


Absolutely love the dress!!  The fabric is wonderful.  I wasn't sure how it would fit, I have a long waist so dresses usually don't sit well, this one is fine.  The length is great, right under the knee (I am 5'8").  Do yourself a favor and get the petti-coat, it will give it the look you are looking for without the 'beauty pageant' look of too full skirt.  I ordered 2 of this style and will probably look at a couple other patterns.


I can't say enough at this point as I love,love,love this!  I am hoping it washer well.


I was excited to see this style in a v-neck, the boat neck version always gaps a lot when I move around, but i love the flair of the dress on the bottom. That said, while the v-neck line is great, the pleats (which I didn't notice in the picture, and pleats are not in the boat neck versions) hit me in a bad spot. I also didn't love the satin waist band which makes it slightly dressy-not what I was going for.  Fit-the XL fit my size 12-14 , 41-33-41 body quite well, it hit about 4 inches below my knees- I'm 5'3".


Perfect! My husband and I decided to elope. Even still, I wanted to be a beautiful bride without the cost of an expensive gown. This dress delivered! I wore it with a petticoat. I felt like a princess. I got so many compliments from passerby's. Because of the fabric (a cotton blend) it is prone to a little wrinkling. I would suggest ironing it inside out with a little spray starch. Other than that, this dress was perfection!


Fit as expected my second go round with these types of dresses my daughter and I looked great Easter Sunday


 I am 240 and got the 2x my daughter is wights about 110 and I got her a size small


