Negatives:


  The dress arrived EXTREMELY wrinkled --- deep wrinkles that weren't able to be completely removed even after ironing twice.  (It comes folded flat in a plastic sleeve.)  I've added a photo showing how the dresses looked like out of the package (the one in photo is a large).


  The white seemed a bit dingy too.  Or at least off-white. Certainly not a bright white.


Positives:


  A decent weight fabric and no issues with see-through, even with white.


  Ran true to size.  Medium fit a size 8 well.


  My daughter looked adorable in it (and not just because I'm her mom ;)  She wore a petticoat underneath, to emphasize the fullness of the skirt and give it the full retro treatment.  With the petticoat, the (Medium) skirt was about knee-length on a 5' 2" frame.


I absolutely love it! I'm 5'3 and the dress hits just at my knee and fits perfect. I Got a small. I also have it in red and I'm about to order the royal blue one, a must!


I wore this to a formal Veteran event and got a lot of compliments on the classy style of the dress--which is what I was going for!  I wish it was little tighter of a fit, but I still very much enjoyed this dress.  I'm not very busty, and I feel that may have been why the fit wasn't as great.  At the recommendation of a friend, I purchased a petticoat, but it really wasn't necessary (even though I wore it that night).  This dress can stand on it's own!  I'm 5'3", 135 lbs, 34B and I purchased a medium--again, it was slightly big on me, but that may be due having a smaller bust.


Love everything about it


This dress is a great value, IF you get the right size in the style you want. The sizing and fabric differ DRAMATICALLY between designs. Case in point: First we bought the solid white dress which was a cotton fabric with a nice weight, likely 95% cotton/5% spandex as marked. We got a size medium which indeed fit like a medium, but was a tad snug. It was so close, we considered having it let out by a seamstress, but opted instead to order up to a large. Also decided to go for one of the cute prints. Got this print in a large and it was waaaay too small. What the heck? Also, the fabric is a sateen, likely 100% poly, no way its 95% cotton as the tag on the dress says. The dress is super-cute so tried to order an XL, but there are none in stock. So frustrating!


Color was not exactly a pure "white" however I was able to make it work for an "All-White Attire" event I attended with my husband. Loved the fit and the comfort of this dress. The material has some give which makes it flow very nicely on the body. I loved the way it swayed when I moved. The construction seems to be of good quality. I dressed it up with the white Rockabilly tutu. Everyone thought my outfit was super cute!


Went perfectly with Meaneor Womens Long Sleeves Lace Crochet Bolero Crop Cardigan Shrug Top.  Beautiful.  Nice thick material.  Very well made.


I received so many compliments on this dress, everyone loved the style of it.  I'm 170 lbs, 5'6", and I ordered the medium, it fell just below my knees, and the zipped easily. The arm holes pinched a little, but stretched out after an hour or so.  They're really the only part I didn't like about the dress, if your arms aren't toned they can look a little pinched in the front.  A nice shawl solves that immediately though.  My bra size is a 36DD and the bodice fit perfectly, no stretching, but not baggy and loose.


I did feel this dress needs a belt in order to look it's best, and although I bought petticoats and it looked fantastic with them, for the wedding I left them off, and the skirt still had plenty of fullness.


Overall I'm thrilled with this dress, the ones I found in the store cost easily six times as much, and had so much less style.  I felt that the material and stitching was easily a match for the name brand styles at Macy's.


I don't know about the other colors, but the fabric of the white dress is like a rough cheap tablecloth (another user described the fabric as a "potato sack"), not stretchy, not smooth nor satiny like you may think from the picture.  Stitching is sloppy.  Zipper is tiny, fragile, and barely functions.  Only positive thing was that the size small fit me according to the to size chart.  I will be returning this dress due to its terrible manufacturing.


Perfect! Quality, style and affordability. You simply CANNOT GO WRONG with this dress.I'm 5'4", 160lbs, 40-37-43, bought an XL and it was a comfortable fit (and by comfortable I mean there was more than enough room in the waist). It still worked though and it worked well! I wore a petticoat to give it the extra flair.


