The medium fits me very well. I'm a true size 8. 5'7" tall. The material is stretchy and so the top is tight-fitting and flattering. The skirt has a much bouncier flare than I thought it would, which is very playful and party-ready. Great dress for the price.


Fits perfectly.  Make sure you measure and order based on the Anni Coco size measurements.  If you measure, it will fit you perfectly.  Buy the petticoat to make it flare nicely.  Bought it for a swing music performance, but intend to wear it elsewhere because the fit is so good.  A nice summer weight cotton dress with some stretch so you can move comfortably in it


Loved it. It's comfortable and fit well. Would buy the same in another color


Lovely dress, well made, fit as expected.  One thing to note is bow belt around waist is just a ribbon.  You must tie it yourself.


Perfect dress. Perfect price. I am 5'5, 230 lb. hour glass shape and I ordered an XL and was a bit snug but not in a bad way. Looked perfect with spanx. Wore it for the JW Memorial and was complemented all night. A Plus is that this dress is sleeveless BUT it's the perfect cut for you to not hang out and can wear it even without a cardigan.


Nice fabric.  Hangs nicely.  It falls nicely without a petticoat, but with a petticoat it is even more fun.


The neck line is very high - hits just above the collarbone.  The ribbon for the waist is satin, so it slippery and will not hold a tight bow.  A small safety pin on the inside helps this.  If I could have given 4 & 1/2 stars I would have because of the neck and slippery ribbon.  The zipper sticks a bit at the waist seam.


I love the color, I love the fabric.  I used the fitting chart to make sure I got the correct size.  I love this dress!


This is a cute plain dress,which can be dressed up or down I ordered the blue. Pretty color may order another one in a different color..


Looks pretty much like the picture.  I got the extra large and it fit just right.  Chest: 43, waist 36. At 5'5" this dress came way past my knees so I'm going to hem it shorter.  Love it though!


I got the black and white floral one and its adorable!!! Looks exactly like the picture!!!! The fabric is nice and sturdy not flimsy or see through at all!!!! It fits pretty much exactly as I expected it to!! very pretty will update with pictures after its worn to the event I ordered it for!!!


