Just received this yesterday and was skeptical when I ordered. Ordered a medium (I’m 5’10” and typically a size 6-8). I read a few reviews about it fitting a little small so I was worried. It’s s perfect fit! Beautiful dress, great quality. Especially for the money. Getting ready to order in another color.


Material is great. Fit was perfect. I got so many compliments.


If I were taller, this dress would have been perfect.  I'm 5'2"


I was a little concerned about the material, I was pleasantly surprised. It looked better in person than online. It really looks elegant with a slip. Purchased it for a family reunion banquet. I feel like a Elle at the ball. I recommened it to all my friends. They have to order it in a different color!!!!


SO cute! I don't wear it with the bow, but with a jacket. It is a bit stretchy, so that is a bonus for me. The material is a little sheer, so you'll want a slip.


Great Dress for the price. It fit well, I am a size 8 normally and about 5 '3" and 145 lbs.  Material has some stretch so easy to wear, I ordered the slip tutu to go under but you don't need it really.


Lovely!  Good quality material and its made well.


I purchased this dress for my wife. She loved it. She looks great in the dress. It fit her perfect for the size I ordered.


Fits as expected. I'm 5' 3", 170 lbs, and short-waisted due to scoliosis, so most tops and dresses have a couple more inches of height than I need in the bodice, and this was no exception. However, it's still quite cute and I look forward to wearing it. My measurements: chest 37", natural waist 32", stomach 38", hips 46.5".  I ordered a large and felt comfortable - see pic for fit. I haven't ironed or laundered it, so the pleats are kind of all over the place. I was standing with my hip stuck out, thus the weird lop-sidedness.


Bought this for my young teen daughter. She is 5'5" and 105lbs. and she is usually a size 0 to 2.  Overall the size small fit well.  Definitely needs a belt. The fabric was lighter than expected but good dress for the price. Paired it with a slim belt, 1/2 sleeve cardigan and vintage inspired shoes.


