Love this dress! So pretty and feminine. I added a crinoline for a bit of extra pop and got compliments all day. It's a nice quality cotton, and I look forward to wearing it all summer.


This dress is super cute and fits snug.  I am a 36DD so top heavy so get a medium if you have the same problem I do where you have top heavy but small bottom.  Oh and to twirl in the dress is amazing.


Absolutely gorgeous dress! Very good quality for the price. I ordered medium and it fits perfectly! The length of the dress seems a bit too long but I assume it suppose to be that way (1950`s style).I had puffy skirt underneath and it look even better!


Bought an XL (I wear a 14 or 16 dress) and couldn't even fit my shoulders/arms area in correctly.  Terrible fit.


Love the color, the fit, the quality material, the flattering style and all the complements I get when I wear it!


I'm 5"7' 160 lbs 36C and it fits like a dream. Length comes to mid-knee.


Material is scratchy, but it is tailored and fits nicely. Not sure if I can risk wearing it for more than a few minutes, though, and hoping that having it dry cleaned may help, but the material is cheap, so I doubt it. It's better quality than most stuff on Amazon that ships from China, but it's still equivalent to buying a cheap dress in a strip mall store near the beach with teenagers as their market.


A lovely dress, but it has to be returned. Too small in the waist and bust, regrettably. :( Very nice fabric and cut and seems to be well-made especially for the price. Too bad it didn't work out!


I am giving it four stars because the dress is gorgeous! The only setback was it was much too small. I am 5'6, 195, with curves so it would not even zip a little when I got an XL. I am going to go two sizes up and I believe that will do the trick. It did go to my knees and the material was good quality.


only good thing about this dress is the color. its way to large, cheap quality, wrinkles extremely easily. comes super wrinkled so cant even wear it right away. very long.


The white is off white, which was so disappointing, and I got a medium because I have gained some weight recently and assumed I would be a medium, but it was a little big.


