This dress is adorable and I've gotten many compliments on it. I especially love the print with little bees. I do recommend purchasing a petticoat to give the skirt a bit of volume. It's not the highest quality - having worn it 3 times, I can already see where the fabric is starting to snag and the seams will likely not hold up forever. Still, for the price it's a nice garment and with care it may last a little longer.


I LOVE this dress. I got it in a large (I'm 5'7, 165lbs) and it fit to a tee. I bought a black petticoat to go underneath to add some flounce and a stretchy black belt with a bow on it to go around the waist. The dress is packaged in a small plastic bag and folded nearly 20 times so it will need a good steam to get it unwrinkled. Overall, super pleased and will purchase in other colors.


I am 5 foot 1 inch and 161 pounds I bought an XL. It was to big in the bust and to long for my height. I had to be hemmed and tightened in the bust. I wore this awesome dress to a Navy 30 year retirement galla. I paired it with shoes I bought here on Amazon and with a thin red belt. It waas perfect and I got a lot of compliments from both male and female.


Beautiful dress but tight around the arms. Nice material- stretchy and non see- thru.


Gorgeous dress.  I love this dress.  It fit as expected and us very comfortable and beautiful.  The fabric is good quality as well.


It was perfect! ❤️


I love this dress!! I wore it to celebrate my 10th wedding anniversary and I received so many compliments on it. I'm 5'-3" tall and weigh 115lbs so I bought the Small and it fit perfectly. I highly recommend it. I will definitely be buying other colors!!


Not flattering if you are busty- I looked like I was poured in and compressed on the top. (I'm a 38D). Also, armholes weren't properly cut so they gaped in the front.


I love the retro 50s flare skirt so I'm always trying to find inexpensive ones for my girls. (I'm not a dress person, but they are) This is a beautiful dress. It feels like cotton, so I'm a little worried about wrinkles, but it was folded in a poly bag for shipping and it didn't have too many wrinkles, so we might be ok.


The skirt flares quite a bit for not having a petticoat, the neckline is a bit big/wide on her, but both the waist and the bust fit which is extremely rare. She is 5'0 and the skirt comes to the middle of her knees. She normally wears a size 2-4, we bought a medium and it fits just right.


It came with a large reusable bag that is about twice the size of a regular reusable grocery bag. Very pleased with this dress, especially at this price point.


I received a discount on this product for testing and reviewing purposes and this is my honest and unbiased opinion.


I was really excited to get this dress because I love this design.  However, even though I can get it *on*and there seems to be enough fabric in the shoulder and back, to zip, I cannot zip it going over the waist area.  I ordered an XL and normally I wear a US Large, sometimes even a US Medium in cotton.


The fabric is a little crunchy, but I suspect after a washing, that could change. The zipper seem sturdy, the length is good, but could be a little longer.  Would highly suggest a Petticoat to increase it's form for a truly Vintage look. For this red and white, I'd get a white, for red can be at best difficult to match.


I will be letting a friend's teenage daughter try it on.  If she cannot wear it, then I will have no choice but to return it. I will update as necessary.


If at first I don't succeed at finding a Vintage Inspired dress, Try, Try again...


*This item was purchased at a discount in exchange for an honest, unbiased review. Any opinions are from personal experiences by either myself or other members of my household.*


