I bought this dress to have my first graders draw on it! And I painted a nice border on the bottom! The fit of the dress was just right! It is very flattering and comfortable.


After reading many of the reviews, I took the plunge and ordered the dress.  I am very pleased with the fit and style, better than what I expected.


I will like to purchase a few other colors but will have to see how it packs and how it washes.


This is now edited.  The dress wrinkles... a lot. Even though it says there's spandex in material, it is still primarily cotton. Am not happy with how fast it wrinkles.


I was looking for a dress to wear to the courthouse to marry my now husband. I've always loved this style of 1950's dress and was excited when I came across it. It got ordered along with a petticoat. When it arrived and I tried it on, it fit perfectly.  I'm 5' 0" and 190 lbs and the XL fit amazingly.  I felt beautiful and comfortable in this dress.  I would definitely recommend Anni Coco for buying a dress.  It took a little while to get the wrinkles out of the dress but once I did, like I said, it looked beautiful and fit perfectly. In fact I like the dress so much I wrote it again four days later on Valentine's Day.


$25 is too much for this dress. It's incredibly cheaply made with cheap fabric. It's also very small. I bought the medium for my daughter. She's 11 and normally wears an XSmall in women's. It fits her exactly. Luckily it's for a costume and she likes it. I will not be buying from this seller again.


I'm so glad I gave this dress a shot. I got it for a rehearsal dinner and worked out super well. It fits as expected and got a ton of compliments. My only complaint is that the zipper is nearly impossible to zip up on my own. I wish zipper makers would give you more to grip on to, especially when it's going down your back. Thank goodness my husband was able to do it up for me. The ribbon, while seemingly quality, didn't work for me. The dress didn't lack for style without it though.


I love this dress! I plan on buying more, different colors! I ordered a medium. 125lbs and 5'4" fits perfect! Then lost 15lbs and it still fits! I bought the petti coat to go underneath but it looks cute even without the skirt


I thought that I was going to be disappointed, but I wasn't. The dress is lovely. It fits perfectly and irons out very well. The material is thick but not too thick that you sweat in the summer heat. The only complaint that I have is that the white is not truly white. It is more of an off white, which was ok but I really wanted a true white to wear to my Grandmother's Memorial Service. It worked out okay, just really glad that it came in time, after being sent to the wrong UPS location.  I was literally walking out my door when the UPS man came. Whew!!


I love this dress! 5'1 and 155, I purchase a large and it fit PERFECT!! UPDATE: I ordered in TWO of these in different patterns. I have to return ONE of these dresses, because of the zipper! It will Not Zip UP or DOWN, the zipper is just stuck in the middle of dress & I wanted this dress too!! I am afraid to REorder and I hope the OTHER dress's zipper is good! I am changing to give 3 stars, because I had issues with one of the dress zipper.


I wanted this dress for a swing dance, and it's just the right balance of fifties styling without being costume-y. I added an underskirt to poof out the skirt a little and make it just right for the dance, but you could wear it without and it's definitely suitable for everyday wear as it's a lovely, pretty dress.


The fit wasn't quite perfect on me, but close. I'm 5'8, 135lb and got the Medium. Length was about on my knee, the waist is rather snug (I am a bit thick waisted), and the zip was a little gappy towards the top, but not enough to really show.  The material has some stretch in it which helps, and the way it's sewn, it would be easy to tailor, if you really wanted.  At the price, it's a total bargain and I plan to order one in another colour.


This dress is everything I hoped it would be for a great price. The only thing that would make it better is pockets! I bought the dress to go to a fancy girlfriend's dinner and I love to eat! I ordered a medium and it looked pretty from before appetizers to after desserr. I'm 5'7", 145 lbs and more butt than boobs. This type of dress is very flattering for those of us with more junk in our trunk.


