Too tight in the arm/chest area.  I'm busty (36DDD), so it would be ideal for someone with a smaller chest.  I really liked the fabric (weight and hand), and the color was gorgeous.  I was pretty sad it didn't fit well in the chest area.


Perfect! This dress is great quality and super cute for the price! I was worried it wasn’t going to fit in the waste area but it did. I am a consistent medium in shirts, pants, skirts and dresses so I was very pleased!


This dress was purchased for our daughter.  It was boxy with hardly a waist.  The neckline was really too high and very gappy.  I could have taken it in, but I wasn't sure what that would have done to the overall style.  Online it was the cutest dress we'd looked at.  The material was very good quality, as was the craftsmanship.  I guess someone with more bust might have gotten a better look out of it.  We ordered a medium because reviews said it ran small.  I wouldn't say that.  I think a small might have done the trick.  It has no stretch to it either.  My daughter didn't like it in the least.  Sorry Amazon...


I loved the dress, but it just did not fit right. I sized up according to some of the other reviews but it was still very tight across the chest. I ordered the 2x, and I usually wear a 40-42D bra. The material is nice and has a good weight to it, but the stitching isn’t the best. Overall it IS a good dress for the $, just make sure you size up if you’re busty.


Fit as expected and beautiful dress - just beware if you're on the short side, as it's pretty long. For reference. I'm 5'1 and it comes halfway between my knees and ankles. BEAUTIFUL color though and good quality!


Very pretty dress.  Nice material, good cut, perhaps a little bit high waisted, but the fullness of the skirt is the amazing part of the dress, causing the skirt to stand out just the way you wish it would!  Perhaps it's a tad undersized compared to most sizing charts.  The color....absolutely fantastic! Audrey would be pleased.


So I’ll start off by saying I haven’t gotten anyone to take pictures of me yet but just trying it on once I LOVE IT. The material is sturdy and fit is just as the sizing chart says. I didn’t even love the fit of my wedding dress this much. For girls with no waist line this will give the appearance of one and make you feel like the hourglass goddess you have always wanted to be! I’ll be buying this in other patterns and will update this when I have pics from my event in a week!


I ADORE this dress!  Just bought the black with white roses and red sash for a holiday party after I bought the blue one back in May for my engagement photos.  The dress style is incredibly flattering and so versatile!  I can wear it dressed up with sparkly jewelry and high heels, or I can throw on a sun hat and sandals for a casual spring day!  I want to buy more in different colors!!  I'm 5'8" and usually wear between a 4 and a 6.  It's one of the few dresses that isn't too short on me!!


The dress is by all means a very pretty dress and great quality especially considering the low price. Although it was a tad bit loose in some areas in the bust it is still a great dress! Definitely recommend! :)


I am 5'6" and 140 pounds. I ordered a size large and it fits well. It is a tiny bit loose but a medium would probably been way too tight. Great quality material and construction for the price! I would recommend this dress.


