What a beautiful vintage style dress!!  Love the gorgeous blue color.  Comfy cotton fabric.  Very well-made I highly recommend!


 I received this product at a reduced price for an honest with you and I honestly love it !!


Purchased as a bridesmaids dress. Neckline is VERY high up and my bridesmaid felt like it was choking her. Other than thay, very nice dress.


This dress is so pretty!  It's super comfortable and it twirls!  It was a little loose in the strap/sleeve area, but the waist fits me perfectly!  I bought it in floral 12: the blue floral with roses, and the colors are so vibrant.  Hopefully I can wear this out somewhere soon.


This dress is sophisticated, classy, and can be played up in many different ways! Wore the dress to a wedding.


Wrote about this look on my blog:


[...]


This dress is my new favorite dress. The cut is perfect on me. I have a 1950's body, so vintage style dresses are perfect for me. The best part about the fit of this frock, is the arm pits. They are not too snug. I can't tell you how often I try on a dress in this kind of style and find that they are too snug and I can't move. Or even worse, my underarm fat oozes out the sides. Attractive, right? Well, in any case, this dress is amazing. Buy it.


This is the second dress of this style I have purchased.  Both fit perfect and I love the cut.  My husband can't get over how little they cost and how good I look in them.


Very comfortable and construction is well made.


Flattering and pretty dress for the price!


Love the dress - but..... Purchased a size medium for my teenage daughter 5'5" 117lb. It gives her a stunning hourglass figure. The reason for the 4 is that the top seemed to be a bit large - specifically the arm opening. The cut could have been a bit smaller. Think well add a petticoat to the skirt to give it the poodle skirt look. *I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.


Its not exactly as pictured and the material is not at all shiny but its cute none the less. My daughter wears it with fluffed up skirts underneath.


