Perfect fit. Perfect weight, didn't have to worry about my black undies showing through. Only knocked off a star because the cotton sort of stretcheds and wrinkles around the waist after a few hours of up and down (heavy ladies know what I'm talking about) and it starts to look a little less flattering.


I Absolutely adore this dress! It fit a little snug at the bodice but the dress is a good fit❤️


I had read the reviews that said the dress was great for any size or shape. I was excited to get it but so disappointed once I did. The material was OK, but the fit was small and the dress just isn't flattering if you aren't a size 6. It's tight across the bust and then flares out but not in a good way. I just don't see why all the great reviews about this dress.  I returned it the very next day.


The dress fit pretty well, though it was too short for my taste so I returned it. I included a ribbon sash, but there is also ribbon sewn around the waist. I don't know if it was a factory flaw or if it got that way in a return, but the back zip was separated below the slider and off kilter. Took nearly an hour to fix it.


This pattern is cute and different and I love it!!  The dress seems to be well made.  The fabric is comfortable.  It is nice and thick and not see through.  It looks good with or without the frilly petticoat underneath.  It also looks cute without the bow.  The dress fit but was smaller than expected.  I had to return the first one as it was too small.  I went up a size and it just fits with almost no wiggle room.  I got the XXL.  I am 4' 11" and 179 lbs. with bust 40DDD.


I got so many compliments on this!  I love it, but it wrinkles ridiculously fast.  I should have known that, so I'm not upset about it.  Color is gorgeous.


When it first came it felt really thin so I expected it to be bad but, once I got the chance to put it on I was pleasantly surprised. The top fit perfectly although I won't be able to wear a bra or it will be too tight. It's a little longer than it looks in the listing but I don't mind at  all. I bought a petticoat to wear under neath and I'm really excited to see it all together. Overall I'm really happy with it.


Came packaged nicely. I was expecting a little bit different material. I didn't realize it was 95% cotton. Dress had a little give but not stretchy like I thought. Thank goodness I didn't get the xl like I was going to. The dress fit me perfectly in all the right places.  It says to go up a size if you have a bigger chest but I didn't need to even though I have a bigger chest. Very pretty dress and very affordable!


Love the dress, expect some loose threads and ends, but what can you expect for the price.  The fit was larger than expected based on the measurements.  I ordered the XL and XXL due to the size chart, I was between sizes, with overlapping measurements.  Just for a reference - 5'7, 170, 38D/41" chest, 34 waist.  Dress fit really well on the torso, which I always have a problem finding as I have broad shoulders also.  Wish they had other color belts!


I suspected this might be too big, but ordered two dresses so we wouldn't have to alter. The other one was perfect, so I returned this one. BUT - this was also a great costume dress. My daughter is a size zero. If she was a 2, I think it would have been perfect. I think this one also would have needed a crinoline like we ordered for the one we kept. The dress is exactly the style of Audrey Hepburn in Funny Face (balloon scene). Perfect with low black heel, white gloves and cute hat.


