I really like this dress. The zipper was defective and broke, so I returned it and ordered another. The skirt is very full like the picture and it looks gorgeous with the sky blue petticoat under it. I love the vintage look.


You always take a risk buying clothes online, but this risk payed off. I got so many compliments in this dress when I wore it to my companies holiday party. Material is thick and the XL fit a size 16 perfectly. I did buy a petty coat to go under the dress to give it a little fluff. I had so much fun wearing this dress.


Love these dresses!!! I ordered three, will probably order more. Quality is great! I would say a medium is more like a large. I'm 5'5 and 160, and the medium fits perfectly. I put all my weight in the legs and bottom though, so if you tend to put yours in your mid to top you'll need to go larger.


This dress is gorgeous! I also own it in black. It fits amazing! My pants size is 16, 36DD, and x large shirts. I'm 5'7. It fits perfectly, looks great! And also goes really well with a petti coat underskirt.


I followed the sizing chart provided and it fit wonderfully!! The fabric is really nice (not cheap). I did not wear a petticoat and it still looked great. I would highly recommend this dress.


Love it. 5'10 , 16-18


Using the sizing chart, the size that would fit me best seemed to be a medium. I'm oddly proportioned, I'll admit. The dress fit pretty ok. Too large at the waist but not by much, and I know I wouldn't be able to fit into a small. I'm 5'5", 130lbs, and am a size A cup. The dress fits well at the shoulders/arms/underarms, is a little loose in the bust (I think it would be perfect for a B cup), and a little loose at the waist. Falls just below my knees. The fabric is alright. What you'd expect for the price. The red is a lovely cherry red.


This is a beautiful and fantastic dress!!  Actually, I was going to a wedding and had too many old dresses.  I ordered this 2 days before the wedding and even as a Prime Member paid shipping to have it delivered.  It was a risk, however, it showed up on the day of the wedding, I tried it on--Perfect!!  Got it ironed and on and off to the wedding.  The compliments were overwhelming!  LOVE IT!


I absolutely love this dress. I wore it to a wedding but you could literally wear it anywhere. Cute, stylish but modest. It’s adorable. I paired it with layered pearl necklace, black flats and my big black sunglasses. Everyone kept telling me I looked like Audrey Hepburn. It was a hit. Everyone (including me) loved it.


It's a beautiful dress but am sad and upset because I ordered an xl and was sent xxl. I hoped to wear this for Christmas Mass but now I can't cod it's too big. I normally wear a large but I decided to go one size up but I was sent two sizes up. Not nice. Apart from


That both the dress style and the quality is beautiful. U don't really need a peticoat Cos it really flares out but u can if u desire


