I really like this dress! It fits my body nicely but is a little long (I am pretty short) but the material looks easy to hem or if I wear it with heels it shouldn't be too bad. The color is great and it is a really flattering design!


I wish I could give this dress 10 stars! Not only did it fit perfectly but it was true to the colors shown. Great quality. It is even double lined. I was worried given the price but it was an amazing buy. I will be buying this dress in more colors. Love love love!


The fabric is high quality and if you fit the given measurements then I imagine it will fit you perfectly. If you are someone like me with larger shoulders and bust, smaller waist, and hips just oh so slightly wider than your wast but not as broad as your shoulders the large is just a tad too big in areas. I wouldn't go smaller though as it was slightly difficult to get on and off. It is super comfy and the skirt is very flouncy so overall I am very pleased with my purchase.


I purchased this dress for my daughters holiday.  Unfortunately, because the dress arrived damaged (the red sash bleed onto the white dress) she will not be able to wear it.  I would only purchase this again if the sash was wrapped in something separate. As far as the fit goes it does run small.


It's a cute dress, material looks worn and mine came with a few stains on it. Almost feels like it had been returned by someone then sent to me.


I'm knocking off one star because the neckline is a little high for me. Not in taste level - actually a little high and feels a little chokey. I mean, nothing a little creative tailoring can't fix.


Otherwise the dress is amazing. I get compliments every time I wear it. It has just enough stretch so you can move around and not feel restricted.


always a go to style.  very cute on.  does not need pettiskirt to look full.  I wore to family party with little red flats.


PERFECT!!!


I mean this sincerely. I have gained a ton of weight since having my baby. It has been such a challenge trying to dress my "new" body. I've finally found a dress that makes me feel feminine and dainty and not like a book bag. Going to see what else this seller has and I'm a hard critic.


I usually wear an XL in clothing (size 16 dress) and was worried about it being too tight especially in the boob area. I ordered the XXL and it fit like a glove. It was a tad bit long but then again I am a shorter person 5'3. Looks amazing, material is slightly stretchy, and it's not really see through like some white clothing can be. It arrived the day before our civil wedding and I'm so glad it was perfect. Hope this helps!


I am 5'3" and 130lbs. I purchased the dress to wear to a summer barn wedding. I ordered a Medium and it fits well. It is much longer than expected with the hem around mid-calf. It is pretty enough that I am having it hemmed shorter. It looks amazing with a tulle underskirt!


