Really pretty dress for an amazing price.  I am 5'8 and wear a 16-18. The XXL fit well for the most part... The neck hole could have been a little bit wider. I feel like it cut a little too close to my neck, but it wouldn't stop me from wearing it. The zipper does stick and I could see how you would have to be very careful with it. Definitely have someone else zip you up! But for the price, you really can't complain  about these minor flaws.


Very cute dress and fits very well!!  I love that the mid section is a bit stretchable which makes putting it on very easy.  Did not expect the fabric to feel as thick or as heavy but nonetheless I really like the dress!  Very flowy as well!  I'm not really a girly girl and I only got this dress for a wedding that I am in but it is a great buy.  I'm 5'4 and the dress goes a bit pass my knees and it's not tight at all but fits nicely.  The size I got was a small.


I absolutely LOVE this dress!!! Great quality (96% cotton) and absolutely gorgeous. Honestly was skeptocal about getting this dress along with the blue one because I was unsure if the flare was as it appeared in the photos and IT IS!!! You will NOT regret this purchase! Only thing I will say is I ordered a Large because of my chest 34DDD as I usually do but I felt it being a bit bigger in my stomach region (142lbs) I ordered the medium in blue to compare and felt more comfortable and secure in it (just a heads up) so you might want to buy the dress closer to your actual waste size not just based on the chest (like me usually lol). - Liz


She Love's It!!!  She Put It On And Went To A School Dance.  And It's A Wonderful 1950's Vintage Hepburn. And She's Only 13 Year's Old.  But She's Into These Kind Of Things. :) :) :)  And WOW!!!!  It Looked Wonderful On Her!!!!  :) :) :)  '' Thank You So Very Much ''  You Have A Wonderful And Fun And Safe Weekend.  :) :) Take Care. Bye Bye.. From  David... : ) : } : ]


I would give zero stars if possible. I ordered this dress for my bridal shower, I was so excited when it came it for perfectly I had no problems zipping it up it was great. Then on the day of my bridal shower I'm getting dressed and my sister helps me zip it up and the zipper broke. I live pretty far from my sister and I had nothing to wear at my shower because of the crappy little zipper they put on this dress. I guess it's true when people say if it seems too good to be true it probably is. I'm definitely returning this dress.


The fabric is a little rough and it lays flatter than the way it is pictured.  If you are tall and have a long torso this dress will sit well above your natural waist and give a babydoll look. If I had tried this on in a store I would not have purchased it.  It is cheaply made and the white is off white at best.  It is very hard to get the wrinkles out of this material and the "white" looks a little dingy.  The medium fit tight in the chest and I have a small chest, 34B.  I would not recommend buying this dress for a nice occasion, but as a casual sundress it works fine.


Love this dress! It gets many compliments, I am 5'5 and 140lb. Size medium fits great. Had to do a quick ironing, and dress did not come with any sort of belt or ribbon. No big deal for me. Will likely buy again in different color:)


Perfect, perfect, perfect!  Will be ordering more.  Daughter is 5' 7 " and about 145.  The large fit great with a little bit of extra room.  She looks stunning.  Modest and very pretty.  She gets lots of compliments at church. We wash hers in cold water... I dont know if thats necessary or not, but thats what we have been doing and its been great.


I bought this dress. I wore it to my daughter's graduation. Love it!!!!!.  I am usually a medium, however; I decided to get size up (large)! Fits perfect!  The only bad thing I have to say is that it come extremely wrinkle, however; the dress is easy to iron on the right setting. I will definitely order in different color.  You will not go wrong with this dress.


Bought this for a friend to try for her Xmas party, but I tried it on to check it out.  Super cute, if this is your style!  The material is not silky by any means, more of a cloth.  Fits as expected.  My friend didn't care for it, wasn't her style so I returned.


