I had ZERO expectations for this dress. I saw it in a buzzfeed article and thought, "its $20, I can return it or give it away if its a train wreck." I get so many compliments and so many people ask me where they can get one for themselves. I am going to buy another! It doesn't feel cheap like you would imagine a $20 dress would. Good material, not thin. I wore this with a little cardi to a semi-swanky event and everyone wondered where I got my LBD.


I was so scared this would be too small for me since most people were saying how small it was. It was tight in the chest but I had a padded bra on. So really it fit as the chart said. I am a slim girl I have a dress for work that is a size 2 B cup. I bought the small in this dress that is said to be a 4-6 . I went by measurements not dress size. You can not go by dress size because it seems like every company makes the sizes how they want. Go by your measurements. If you are a girl with bigger boobs get a larger size because this dress is tight up here.


Over all I find the material to be a bit thin but better that expected for a dress of this price. For the price it is a really cute dress I feel so Classy in it. This is the perfect Going out drinking some wine with friends dress. Or going out on a date. Must Iron it and I ordered a petti coat that should really make it look awesome.  The shape of this dress really is flattering for any body size. I love it for that.


A pretty dress for about $20 that you can dress up to look different.


The tip others gave about the petticoat is one worth taking. A small cost to make the dress a bit more dressy. We ordered a black petticoat first since this is for concert band and the atire is all black, but I placed an order for a red petticoat, waist sash and gloves to make this black dress a little more fun for more casual outings, I will add pictures when those pieces come in.


The dress looks great after a simple steam, and for the price, it is really rather wonderful. This came in a plastic bag for us, no tote, but we are still happy. Height is about five feet two inches, cup size B and weight about 120, went with a medium and the fit isn't tight at all. Material seems to be similar to men's black dress pants, lighter than like dockers, but reminds me more of men's pants than traditional dress material.


The dress was worth buying and I am very happy with it and looking forward to trying it with other colors.


We loved this dress for a Christmas party for my Fiancé, but the dress runs very large. She is a small girl, 5’2” and a size zero. Based upon the size chart we purchased her a small, which fit like a size large. Still loving the dress, we returned that dress and ordered a size extra small which was still large and fit like a size medium.


She loved the dress which is why we will still give it 3 stars, but looses 2 stars for inaccurate sizes. Size chart needs to be updated or sizes need to be more accurate.


Loved this dress in black!!! I ordered it in white as well, and it was more of a cream color. Sending the "white" one back. I ordered a white shrug to wear with it, and it was a huge difference in color. The shrug is on the left in the picture.


XL fits perfect! I get so many compliments on this. I added my own belt. The dress is matte, not satin/shiny as it appears in the advertisement. I machine wash and hang to dry and after 5+ washes, it still looks just as vibrant as when I first got it.


I am 5'1, 170lbs, 38D. I got the XLord based on the measurement chart and it fit perfectly. It hit just below the knee, but i am short and may fit taller ladies differently. There was not too much gap in the sleeves, or rather arm openings, whixh is good because i hate it when you can see the bra under the arm. The dress is a stretchy, heavy material (like jeggings or stretchy twill pants), however it is not too heavy, or nor does it stretch too much as you wear it. It wasnt obviously stretchy either (ie: the polka dots didn't stretch into ovals and the black fabric didn't fade or look lighter in areas where it was pulled tighter - For me, that's the bust area)


The tag says dry clean only, but I washed it on cold, dried it on Xtra low, and ironed it while it was slightly damp and it held up just fine.


I wore it to a funeral without a petticoat for a more conservative look, but it had lovely swing and away anyway. I bought a petticoat for less somber events. It can be dressed down with a black cardigan or shrug, and dressed up with red (or nearly any color) accessories (belt, necklace, purse, petticoat , etc)


The only knock I have is the zipper. It's not horrible by any means, but not super smooth either, and I couldn't get it off without my husbands help.  Making up for the knock is the fact that husband loved the way it fit, and was happy help me out it on and take it off.


I definitely recommend.


This is the second dress I've ordered. First one, for me, fit perfectly, material was cotton/spandex as advertised. The second one, I ordered for my daughter, one size smaller. I'm not sure what the fabric is, but it's definitely NOT cotton/spandex (ordered Flower 11 color). It's a beautiful fabric, but absolutely no give and doesn't fit well at all.


Adorable. In the photo, both my friend and I purchased this dress for a concert (we're the blonde and redhead on the left side), and we both were so happy with the dress. It fit exactly as indicated by the size chart, and I liked that the material had a little bit of a stretch to it. The red dress came with a removable belt (which I took off and used a regular black belt instead) but the black dress's belt was attached. We both used petticoats for extra volume. I'm pretty certain we both will be buying this dress in more colours!


Perfect retro little black dress!


The bust in this style of dresses tends to be tight and constrictive, and there is no stretch whatsoever in the material, so I recommend ordering up a size if you have a larger bust.  The tie waist makes for a good fit regardless.  I have a similar dress in a size Small but it's really too tight in the chest and I'm constantly adjusting it.  (I'm 5'6", 125, and about 34DDD, which is the equivalent cup size to 36DD, 38D.)


Also, note the sash that comes with the black dress is red.  I couldn't quite tell from the pictures if it was red or fushia.  Additionally it is simply a ribbon sash, and you have to tie it on.  I'll likely be using a stretch belt instead.


