Fits a little loosely, but nothing a belt can't remedy. I usually wear a size 10/12 and the large is a little loose in the waist. Fabric has a nice weight to it, but it really holds wrinkles. Color is not quite as dark as the photo, but it really works for me. I could see this being a very nice shade of blue for every skin tone. I might need to have it hemmed just a bit since I'm 5'2". The small amount of calf showing really makes me look short.


TL;DR Little loose, but went back and purchased in more colors. Worth the few dollars for alterations.


This is a pretty dress. The material is just right. Does not look cheap. Very nice dress and would recommend for any event.


I love this dress that I got during Prime Day! I was so torn between all the different styles but eventually decided on the black one. I think I might buy a few of the other colors/styles because of how cute this one is! The material is a little thinner than I would have liked, but it doesn't take away from the elegant look. I think it is a very versatile dress. Without the ribbon, it is totally work-appreciate, and you can dress it up with accessories. It also fits very well and feels comfortable enough for all-day-wear. I am happy with this purchase.


Bought for my Bachelorette party and loved it, got lots of compliments. Went by the sizing chart and it fit perfectly. My only complaint is the satin tie... It doesn't stay thick and pretty like the picture so it ends up looking kinda flimsy. You don't HAVE to wear it so it wasn't a deal breaker for me. I actually bought the blue too for a friend's bridal shower.


Simply in love with the dress!!! ❤️ Thank you sooo much!


I love this dress!


SIZE: I am 5'7, 38B, and I wear a size 12. I ordered the large, which fit like a glove. As is my custom with online ordering when I am not familiar with the sizing or the shrinkage, I also ordered the XL. The XL was extremely comfortable, if a tad loose. (Comfortable and forgiving at the waist, slightly loose at the neck and above the bust because of the semi-boatneck cut.) I plan to wear the dress an event that will be several hours long with much consumption of food and beverages, so I opted to keep the XL and return the L.


LENGTH, SKIRT: I wear it with a petticoat (sold on Amazon -- 26" length)  that gives the skirt just enough fullness. With the slip, the skirt falls past my knees. It is the perfect length for a true 50s-style dress. As others have noted, it is not a thin fabric and the weight of the fabric really has the skirt fall beautifully even without the crinoline.


CLEANING: I washed the dress on the delicate cycle and line dried it as per the label's instructions. I was surprised that there was no shrinkage. I can see that the color may fade in the future with repeated laundering, but it held pretty fast this first time. (I may even put it into the dryer next time.)  I pressed it with a good steam iron and the dress looks great. Washing out the sizing made the dress even more comfortable, too.


ACCESSORIZING and MATCHING: The dress look great with short wrist gloves and with a shrug sweater. (Three-quarter sleeve shrugs and short gloves were all the rage in the 50s. Just trust me on that one.) The color of the red is a bright red. And for those of you who may want to coordinate your attire with that of your date, it is not exactly the same as the red of the Miliani men's dress shirt with French cuffs, but it is in the same range and is so darn close to it that it doesn't clash.(I also purchased this dress in black and it looks great next to a black men's shirt.)


CONSTRUCTION: I have sewn quite a bit and this is my "professional" assessment: the dress could be made better with interfacing at the neck and arm, and with a deeper hem. That said, the fabric is weighty enough not to require a lining. The stitches in the seams are not so long that there are gaps (as often happens in less costly garments), the zipper is the invisible sort, there were no loose threads needing to be cut, and it held up after washing. In truth, I could not make a better dress for as low a price.


Beautiful dress. I love when people post pictures and sizes. It really helps make a decision. This dress was a little tight in the bodice: I am a 36G so it was to be expected. I found a minimizer bra and shaper that makes me look a little more polished and elegant. I love the fabric and it is a well-made garment. I'd definitely buy again and suggest you find pieces that fit your particular shape. I am a bit overweight so I wear at 12/14 dress. 5'4"" 160 pounds . . .36G/30 waist/38 hips. . . I hope that helps someone!


Love, love, love this dress! It was silly smooth, probably satin actually :) but fit as expected. I am 4'11", 150lbs and I believe I ordered a Large as to not have a snug fit. The dress bow is really easy to tie/adjust how you desire it. I wore a black flare lace under slip (like a tutu) underneath with some really cute yellow maryjane type heels! It was amazing. Compliments all night long! I would definitely purchase from this seller again.


Perfect fit!  Got so many compliments when I wore it. Quality was also great for the price. Definitely recommend.


If I could give this a zero star, I would. I wanted something elegant but not too flashy. Well, they got the not too flashy part right. Seriously they look like recycled toilet paper and feel like and pretty much feel the same too...almost like clown gloves, but not as refined.


AND they run way too large. Couldn't even keep them on. Just kept slipping.


