I bought the floral print and LOVE it. I feel like a 1950s Goddess. I was leaning towards the solid colors, but it's for my 30th birthday and thought "if there was ever a time for a (for me) loud dress, this is it. I'm so happy with this purchase. As far as the fit, I'm 6 feet tall and usually a size 12 in dresses; I ordered the large and it fits just fine, but is maybe a little large. I'd say that if you're a size 10-12, go for the Medium. like everyone said, the fabric has a lot of stretch. I might still return mine for a medium- I'm undecided. For all my tall girls out there, I know you're wondering about the length: IT'S PERFECT. Like I said, I'm 6 feet tall and it hits me right at the knees.


I purchased this dress in red for my 16yr old daughter to wear in her high school's spring musical, "Grease", specifically for the high school dance #. She is also planning on wearing it next Christmas & for whatever else comes along. If you look at the picture of the dress under the red option, it appears to be a dark red or burgundy color which it is not! I had read other comments & saw photos of other customers & so was aware that it is bright red (blue red as opposed to orange red) which was what she wanted anyway. Her measurements are:38/29/39 & she's 5'8" - we ordered the Medium (even though the size chart measurements made us think she might need a Large) because several comments said it was stretchy(it is) & it fit her perfectly & looked great! She wore black dance shoes, nude tights & we bought a black petticoat which really enhances the dress & looks good if you're swirling around dancing. I thought the price was reasonable, we looked at lots of other dresses at a variety of websites that didn't sound like they fit as well or were of better quality, they just cost more money. My daughter & I are both happy with this purchase in every way & would gladly buy from this seller again. It was, as usual with Amazon Prime, here in just 2 days & you can't beat  being able to depend on things arriving quickly & when they're supposed to!!!


The quality of dress is good. It fits just fine. Received lots of complements. Looking forward to buy from  MUXXN again.


To start off this review, I just want to say I LOVE this dress, and I would love to own it in more colors.


I had a pretty hard time deciding what size to order this dress in since my measurements are 46/36/44, but after reading a lot of reviews I went with size XL.


My biggest problem area when clothes shopping is always my bust, this dress has no problem with that. It fits snug, and flatters my bust, showing off just a little, but keeping the girls covered up and in place. However, I don't think an XL would accommodate a larger bust without being uncomfortably tight.


It's a decent length, I'm 5'5 and it hits mid calf on me.


The dress is made of a decently thick fabric, medium to heavy weight, and has a lot of stretch to it. It hugs curves in just the right places and the skirt drapes wonderfully. I put a petticoat under mine, but it doesn't "need" one if you don't have one or want it to poof out that much.


All in all, this is a really good dress. It's a head turner, and very modest. I feel it can be dressed up or down, and a great staple dress, especially for the price.


Love this dress... Get compliments when I wear it! I'm a 10-12 size and bought medium and it fit great...


This dress is amazing. It has a slight stretch so it fits exactly as it should. Molds to my body but never looks tacky. It is gorgeous on and I recieved so many compliments on it. Other ladies rushed to buy it as soon as they found out where I got it from. It's adorable. It is also pretty durable. It's made of some sort of cotton blend so when I accidentally dropped some food on myself it wiped right off, as opposed to something like silk wear it would be obvious there was a mark on the fabric.


The only thing was that the dress came to me very wrinkled and even after putting it in the dryer, steaming it AND ironing it there were still places were it was wrinkly from before. The fabric seems like it has a hard time letting go of the wrinkles. Oh, and if you spray starch on it make sure to just keep pressing it. The fabric starts to wave but it eventually smooths out. I will be buying this dress in all the colors and many more like it.


Wow, I am super happy with this purchase!  I needed a dress for my husband's Christmas party and this little number is just the ticket.


Color:  It is a "true" red, not burgundy, not wine, etc.  just red.


Size/Fit:  I ordered the XS.  I feel it fit a little on the big side, so if you are on the low end of a certain size, I would recommend ordering down a size.  The tag on the dress says it is a US size 4.  I am 5'5", 115lbs., 33-26-34, C cup.  The fabric has a good amount of stretch.  Even with being a C cup there is stretch room in the bodice.  So if you are small-framed, but busty, this is the dress for you!  It hits at just below my knee (I have longish legs) without a petticoat, just above with a petticoat.


Fabric:  The fabric is 65% Rayon, 30% Spandex, 5% cotton.  It feels sturdy and the thickness feels good. Not flimsy.  The tag says "dry clean" although it also states you can hand wash it.  It says no dryer no iron; however, I just got done ironing it, no steam on setting 3 out of 7.  You WILL need to iron it out of the box.  The wrinkles weren't obscene, but there were definitely a few I felt needed attention.


The only reason I didn't give this dress a 5 star rating was the bodice.  There are pleats, which I like, however they are kind of awkward and a pain to iron.  It just looks a bit muddled.


Tips:  This dress drapes really nicely without a petticoat.  If you are going for that ultra-50's look, this dress is great with a petticoat.  I ordered a one, but after trying it both ways, decided I'm going to wear the dress without it for a more demur look.  (my husband agreed).  Be ready to go bra-less or strapless.  The cutout before the caps on the sleeves will show your bra.  The midsection of the dress is just crying for a cute belt, which I am happy I ordered a simple, thin, black patent leather one that looks amazing with it.  Get a belt, it will give it that finishing touch.


I WILL be ordering other dresses from this company.  The price is great and the product looks great!


I love this dress, I am 5;4 and weight 200 pounds and am a 40D chest size, and I have to say this dress fit WAY better than I expected! The fabric is very forgiving and great quality. It is stretchy without being clingy, I love the flow and swirl of the skirt and it paired well with the belt and shrug, I do suggest a belt mostly because there is a seam there that you can not see very well in the pic, that runs around the waist of the dress and I think the belt hides that well. I am so happy with my purchase, the color runs true and the dress was SO comfortable to wear! It is now offically on eof my favorite outfits!!!


I'm very pleased with the quality of this dress, especially the fabric- it's substantial and glides well over lingerie bumps without showing everything, but it's not too heavy. I'm pleased with the circle skirt, though I feel it needs a good crinoline.  I do want to point out that there is a net ruffle poking under the edge of the skirt, which appears in the pictures but I'd thought it was a separate crinoline in the pictures.  No, it's part of the dress, and it looks a little ragged.  I will keep it as it doesn't look bad with a crinoline, but I'd consider cutting it out if I were wearing the dress without.


I am a size 16 and bought an XL.  It fits pretty well and the fabric has a nice stretch without getting shiny.


The only major issue I have is in the chest.  I have a large bust (38H) and in this dress my chest distorts the cross details and pleating without stretching the neckline out.  It's not the way I'm used to having dresses fit.  They usually stretch all out around my chest, dipping the neckline, but not this one.  Since I bought this for a costume and I don't mind doing a little minor fixing to make it less weird on me, I'm keeping the dress.  If you are buying this dress for a nice event and you have a large chest, this might not work for you.


I purchased this dress this week (October) for my brother in laws wedding dec 1 because i was afraid it wouldn’t fit or be nice and I wanted plenty of time to find something else. I have already returned a $90 dress to Macy’s because it just wasn’t the one I wanted to see myself in for pics for a lifetime.


This dress arrived today and I can’t even  tell you how far it’s exceeded my expectations! The fabric has a bit of stretch it so it’s thicker and high quality. This isn’t a dress you have to worry about being see through in photos!


The fit is incredible and flattering! I’m 5’10 and about 160 pounds. It’s a great length and the fit is like it was made for me. It’s exactly what I wanted. If you aren’t sure for $37 take the chance! I’m guessing you won’t be disappointed!


