I love, love, love this dress. The fit is amazing and extremely flattering. I look 10 or 15 pounds lighter in this. Normally when I try on a dress, any dress, I'm always frustrated with something, whether it is the fit or the thickness of the material, how it accentuates what I don't want to draw attention to. This dress however was magnificent! I couldn't be happier.


Great party dress


I had high hopes for this dress but was really disappointed. The fabric felt cheap and the yellow dress was see through. I would recommend only sticking to the darker colors with this one.


Got this for a bridesmaids dress! Fit is great, really like the cut of it, and the material feels really high quality!!


It’s a very pretty dress, but it’s stretchy and skin-tight. You can also see through it :( I didn’t get to wear it for those reasons.


Update #2: I loved the first two dresses so much I purchased two more. The blue with white polka dots and the black with red polkadots (red hearts as the polkadots fyi), the material on the polkdots is a different fabric combinations. It has less stretch and my normal medium didnt fit when the blue and white one arrived. When I ordered the black and red I sized up assuming it would be the same fabric and I was right. However now the bust is too big and it seems longer, hitting me well below the knee. I'm 5'10 so that's pretty good length. Wish it was slightly shorter but still love both dresses and very much worth the money..


Update: I got a second dress because I loved the first so much. This one was the floral with birds. Still beautiful, well fitting and comfortable. Unfortunately with this one I am worried about the construction. I had just put it on and was pulling  it down and straightening it out. I didn't pull very hard when some of the stinting on a side seam near the waist gave out. Didn't form a hole just yet but stitches are lose. Still love the dress but I am changing my rating from 5 to 4 1/2 stars. But I would still say "yes to the dress!". Just be gentle.


First Purchase


Anxiously awaited the arrival of this dress (solid red) somewhat worried that it would be too good to be true given the price. I took a chance based on the picture and all of the positive reviews. Fits like a glove. I am pear shaped and worried it would be too tight in the hips and too big up top. Based on other reviews that noted sizing was forgiving I went with the medium after debating between that and a large. I am med on top and usually around 12 on bottom. While slightly big up top it's not at all distracting or noticeable to others. Given the extra room and the stretch, I think this will also fit larger chests as well. The dress came out of the package with very few wrinkles. It's incredibly soft and comfortable. Great twirling dress which was to the liking of my 3 year old daughter. It looked great without a petticoat but I ordered a green petticoat for under to up the festiveness for an upcoming Christmas party and it was a fabulous addition. I would recommend this dress and plan to purchase in other colors.


Love this dress and have bought it in 3 other colors. It is so comfortable! And easy to care for. It travels well and can easily be dressed up or down when adjusting shoe options. So comfortable!


I love this dress! I got so many compliments on it and the material is very comfortable. If you are wondering whether to buy this dress or not...you should buy it.


I love this dress, it fits great and is even slimming.. beautiful fabric, nicely made!


The quality of material is a bit heavy so its better to wear for indoor functions.The fit was perfect  with no adjustments required


