I just received this dress today, tried it on, and, already, I am flat-out in-love with it. It has some stretch to the material, so I don't feel squeezed to death. I am a 16 dress with big hips and a not proportionately sized bust (as in smaller than my butt ;) ), and I don't feel the top is too baggy. I love the way the dress looks. I did order a petticoat to go underneath it because I love full skirts, but I think this dress looks just fine without one. Order this dress! Order 2! You won't regret it. :D


This dress fit perfectly and looked lovely on my daughter.  We purchased the Rockabilly Tutu Skirt Underskirt to be worn under it and it worked wonderfully and added to the look of the dress.


I am 5'8", 140lbs, A cup who typically wears a 6 and ordered this dress in a small and it fits quite well. It's definitely stretchy around the waist, but it's not noticeable and not significant enough for me to size down to an XS. It also gives me room to breath and perhaps put on a few pounds :) The dress hits right below the knee. I ordered Color Blue and the dress is true to picture


I ordered a 2x to make sure the dress fit me, come to find out when u order a 2X its a size 12 in US size.


This is a VERY well made dress.  I now have it in green and purple.  The material is exquisite.  I would definitely buy more like it.


White dress was not white. Definitely closer to a cream color and fabric is pretty much see through (not lined). Ruching pattern on bust is not sewn evenly. While style was as pictured and fabric is soft it is not something I am happy with. Since I missed the return window I will probably just be donating this dress.


I had to buy the green one for a bridesmaid dress. I bought the yellow for fun; it's very bright and will need to be taken in at the bust.


I followed the reviews and bought a size up. Normally I am a medium but I got a large. I expected the dress to be a little wrinkled from the packaging but surprisingly it wasn't. The material is super comfy and flattering! I ordered a petticoat to make it fuller but it was still pretty full without one. My only complaint is that the hemn ran right in the front of the dress.


Still love it though I wear it to weddings


Adorable! I love this dress. I ordered the small. It is very stretchy and comfortable. I typically wear a small or medium in dresses and am an hourglass shape. I'm 5'6" and about 150 and it worked perfectly!


