I bought the light blue with white polka dots and plan to buy another. It is right below my knees, I am 5'11 and covers my chest, no cleavage problems, accentuates my small uppper waist and hides my belly pooch. The way it swings out makes feel like Lucille Ball. Very flattering and slimming. I've always thought I was meant to live in the 50s. This dress makes me feel normal.


Love love love this dress. Maybe on the best clothing items I've purchased on Amazon! I have and hourglass figure and am a 36DD and this dress fits like it was made for me!  Great for a casual look or can be really dress up for a fancy night out.


I love this dress. The fabric is thick and sturdy and has a lot of stretch to it. IMO it's true to size, I wear a large and ordered a large, I'm quite large in the chest but it fit great. It stretched where it needed to and wasn't awkwardly tight anywhere. I can't wait to wear this dress again! It comes folded in a bag so you'll want to steam or iron it before you wear it out.


I still really loved this dress. It has some stretch which I absolutely love. The green wasn't as green as I had hoped, but I got a zillion compliments on it


This dress is unbelievably gorgeous. It's so soft. I love that it's stretchy but isn't too tight or too loose. I got a petticoat to go under it but unfortunately it's a la he r size so I have to return it for a smaller one but I am in absolute love with the dress. Definitely worth the money!


Is a nice dress I ordered medium, but I thing small had been better for me, i am 5.1 bust 36D, Also no care tag the dress is wrinkle I am not very happy.


Love this dress! My friend picked out this dress out as her bridesmaids dresses. At first I had low expectations but I loved the way this dress fit and looked on me. We added a black cardigan and it was a really elegant look. Only con for this dress I can give is it's really hard to keep from wrinkling.


This dress worked perfectly for my company holiday party.  I don't suggest dry cleaning this dress, it shrunk a bit.  Luckily it is very stretchy!


Excellent dress. Its exactly as it looks and fit perfectly. I wear a size 16/18 and have a very large bust, I ordered an XXL. I'm using this for a wedding and can't wait.


Ordered the light blue...got dark teal.  Color is not correct.  Did not open because I could see clearly the color was not the same as on Amazon but it also looked as if the material was cheap, wrinkled and uncomfortable.


