The fabric was raylon, spandex and cotton. It was a heavier fabric but still Comfortable to wear at in upper 60's. It fit well, do be careful with the zipper it does seem flimsy.


This wasn't for me but the girl it was for said it was much too big she got the size that she usually gets but loved the actual dress itself.


great and sexy dress


We got a medium. Fit my very tall 14 year old perfectly!!! She normally hates dresses, as with her height, they all seem to be too revealing or dowdy for a 14 year old. She is extremely happy with this dress!!! I had to remind her she was wearing it to an event so she wouldn't twirl around the house in it!!!


The dress arrives in a timely fashion, nicely packaged, in fantastic shape. We are very pleased.


This dress is beautiful. I was surprised at how nice the fabric was. It's so hard to find an inexpensive quality made dress on amazon. I'll be buying dresses from this brand again for sure!


This dress looks very cute, and it's very comfortable! I bought them in black and red, perfect for church or any event!


Dress is beautiful. Fits perfect. They just need to check seams better. Material missed in seam and I have to have for my grand daughters dress rehearsal  which is Monday - Wednesday this week. Play starts Thursday.  Not enough time to get another.


The material is heavier than expected, I'll need a petticoat underneath to make it swirl, I like the fit but am disappointed with how heavy it is.


Its a nice dress overall and I like how it looks on me on top. The only problem i have with it was the length, it was longer than I thought, ending like mid-shin (rather than knee length) but that's probably also because I'm only 5'2. So I did end up cutting off about 6 1/2 inches and hemming it so that it was just above the knee. Other than that, I really like the dress because I can wear it casually or to more formal events.


nice quality! beautiful design! i love it so i ordered ane more muxxn dress.


