I bought this dress to do a few modifications and turn it into a Halloween costume. However, once it arrived, I tried it on and I couldn't bare to alter it. This dress is lovely. It has an obvious 50s feel, but I can certainly wear it for church or casual/cocktail events.


Very comfortable and hides the yummy well which is a plus! Love the color and fit. Wore it for a party and got so many compliments!! ❤❤❤


Purchased for my granddaughter, with the advice that one always needs a little black dress.  She's into vintage, and this fit the bill.  She loves it, especially because it's twirly!


Picked this as my bridesmaid dress and so happy with it!  My 'maids have been sending me photos as they get theirs in the mail and so far it looks awesome on all of them. It's a good style for all body types.


The fabric is pretty thick and stretchy.  The folds on the chest don't always lie completely flat, but I'm very happy with it for the price.


Recommend!


I purchased this dress for my 11 yr old's graduation and ordered one size larger, according to the size chart here.  The dress needed a little altering, as body shapes are different and isn't going to fit everyone the same.  This dress was so beautiful!  She loved the 50's retro look, too!  It's definitely worth the $ ($36.00!!) to buy this and take to a seamstress.  The material is lightweight but not made cheaply as other reviews mentioned.  If you like the retro look, buy it!


Disappointed in the fit. I measured for a medium and it was large on me. The material was heavy and did not flow nicely. The pleats in the bust were not well made and it bunched in the middle and there were stitches loose in the center section at the top. It also did not lay right on one side of the front collarbone. It puckered out. I was really hoping for a better fit. I am 5'-1.5" tall and this was very long on me as well. Had to return it unfortunately and will try a couple different 50's style options here at Amazon.


Great dress! Thick for cooler weather. I ordered an XL. Most of my friends that are a size 10 are shocked to hear me tell them I wear a 14. I could probably wear a 10, but I don't like to be uncomfortable, I don't want to look uncomfortable. I am a curvy girl at 145 lbs. and 38C...get the XL, don't be shy this is a great dress. I purchased a petticoat but I'm not sure if it looks any different. My suggestion is to get the petticoat anyway, just in case.


The material is heaven than expected, and a little bit larger than I expected. But it is wonderful.  Very pretty . I hope it will be a perfect  fit by spring for my grand daughter. ( I'm giving it for a Christmas present ) a complete out fit with jewelry, & shoes. It was delivered  earlier  than I  expected  and I'm  so pleased. Thank you !


The cut, material and style are amazing but it was a bit too big, so I am exchanging it for a Medium from a Large.  At 5'2" and an hourglass 155 lbs (36D), it lay on my curves but didn't hug them the way I want.  Also it was longer on me, about mid shin (which isn't unusual as I am short).  If the medium is still a little long I will just get it hemmed as I have to do with most things:-)  My husband loved it, but also wanted me to go down a size!  The color is beautiful, exactly as pictured (green)!


I'm so in love with this dress!


The construction is very sturdy and the dress is elegant and comfortable without being overstated.  Will be dressing up with pearls and retro pumps for holiday parties.


If there were an issue it would be that the shoulders are slightly too large.


