Your friends have to say "you look nice" when you get all dressed up, but strangers at my friends' wedding, as well as the lady at Starbucks, kept saying how nice the dress looked--and if that's not a ringing endorsement!


I'm a 16/18 and it fit well through the body and hips/waist; it had just enough stretch/room to feel comfortable after a day of drinking, eating, and dancing. And as is common for me, since I'm bigger in the hips, it was a bit baggy in the chest. Also was cut perfectly to add crinoline under it.


Now to find somewhere to where it again. And to order more of their dresses as they seem to fit very well.


I'm a big boned size 12 (180 pounds, 5'6") and the large size fits perfectly.  Snug but not tight.  Sturdy fabric, not cheap or shiny.  I think foundation garments and a nice crinoline are a must.  I'm wearing this to a wedding, and a 50s theme party later this month.  It arrived in perfect condition, hardly even wrinkled.  Love this dress!


I needed 3 dresses each a different size. I ordered 4 (different sizes) in case one didn't fit as expected. I received them in a timely fashion but crumpled in my mailbox. Not a huge deal, I was able to steam out all the wrinkles that caused. At first I didn't notice, but they were different shades of blue and different lengths.The medium was several inches longer than the small and x-small AND the large. I then reordered 3 dresses in the sizes I needed thinking maybe it was a different dye batch and, same issue, AGAIN! Out of the 7 dresses I ordered I didn't have 3 that matched in the sizes necessary for this event.I did end up returning them all.


I gave this dress an extra star because it is comfortable, definitely not made of a heavy material and its an adorable retro-style dress.


This dress is gorgeous and fits me so well! I ordered a white. It's more of an off white color but still beautiful. I'm planning on wearing it next week when I get married on the beach. I am 5'6" and about 150lbs 38C and ordered a large. I have an hourglass type figure. The dress hits me just below the knee. I'm planning on adding a belt around the waist to hide a seam but overall I'm very happy with my purchase. I'm planning on ordering different colors too!


love love love love! So much that I purchased a black one too! I got the tutu skirt too which made the dress. Such a great fit! I'm 5'5 and 130 lbs and it was perfect. Comfy and fun. I wore the red one to a Christmas party and got tons of compliments. Wonderful dress :) Fits most body types too. My sisters both tried it and fell in love and they have a different body type than I do.


Although this dress was very pretty, it came a bit larger than I expected.  I would have kept it if it were only that, however, my biggest issue with it was the length.  I am 5'7" and it came to my mid calf.  I wasn't flattering on me.  Had it been about 3 inches shorter, I think it would have been fantastic and more of the "vintage" meets modern looks I was expecting.  Overall not a bad dress, just wasn't for my body type.  I am pear-shaped and normally wear 16-18 pants - and L/XL shirts.  I ordered this in XL.


I'm honestly surprised at how much I love this dress for the price. I went with a Medium after reading reviews about the dress running a little large because it's stretchy. I'm around 36x30x40" and Medium fit perfectly. I'm 5'7" without shoes and it's just the right length, too.


The fabric feels like a stretchy cotton/spandex blend, and it's very forgiving. It has a good weight/thickness to it, but isn't too heavy. It looks good with or without a petticoat, and I'll probably wear it without one for most occasions. I'll definitely be ordering another one of these dresses in a different color.


The first dress I bought was in a large as retro dresses tend to run small. However, the large wasway too big on me (I'm anywhere from a 6-8). I was so happy to see they had it in a medium because, although it was too big, it was SUPER CUTE! In fact, when I reordered my new size, I kept the old and gave it to friend whom it fit perfectly. I wore mine with a petticoat and red heels. She rocked hers with some Chuck Taylors and a jean jacket. Which goes to show that there are so many ways to make this dress work.


This dress fit exactly as expected as per the seller's measurements.  I wear a 14/16 and ordered the XXL.  I'm only 5'1 so the dress did come to mid-calf on me, but I wore it as a costume (50's housewives with the milkman) so it was perfect.  This dress is very comfortable!  I would order this dress again in a solid color to wear to a cocktail party and have it shortened to mid-knee.  It's vintage inspired, but definitely doesn't look like a grandma dress.  The material is fairly stretchy without having any shine to it, which was awesome.  It came well packaged and I was able to smooth creases by using Downy Wrinkle Release spray and hanging it.


We love this dress. It was well made, and fit perfectly. This is a great buy for the money. We would buy from this brand again. The layers in this dress were great, making it full and beautiful. We also bought a slop to make it stand out more. The only small problem was with a larger chest , it showed alittle more than was needed. We bought dress tape and it is a two sided tape, and it held the dress closer to the skin, making it not so reveling. We give it 5 stars easily. We bought a medium it fit great.


