Really cute little black dress. Can go anywhere. The dress is a little heavier weight than I expected but still nice. Order the size you would normally wear, some people said to order a size down, you can because it is stretchy but I like to breathe and this fit the bill.


Well, I can't seem to get the size right with this dress.  I have another dress that I purchased and the 1x was perfect.  The 2X from this seller is just too tight around the midriff.  Cute dress, only wish it fit better.


I ended up returning it because there was a seam across the stomach that made it look like I had a pantie line across my belly. The material was nice and thick and the color was good. The material had a little stretch. Everything was fine except the weird seam.


Really comfortable and the green color was very accurate.  Oftentimes the actual color of a garment varies based on the photo or description, but this was a true emerald/kelly green.  My only complaint is the way it was packaged and the issues it created:  It was sent poorly folded (crumpled) in a plastic bag.  Because the bodice is pleated, trying to steam or iron the crumples out of it was next to impossible, and created other crumpled "pleats" in the bodice.  Only after washing a few times and literally placing a heavy book on the pleats did it begin to look the way it should.


NOW I love it.


I ordered this dress it was really beautiful but it was a very heavy stretch material. It was to big for me, I ordered a XL... On a usual day I wear a L top (36D) & 12/14 bottoms. I'm very bottom heavy but have a smaller waste so it fit on the bottom very nice but it was to large on top. It had a nice tulle piece on the bottom of the skirt but I suggest that u buy a petticoat for a fuller look. The only complaint I did have if it would of fit was on the breast area the material is folded so it would unfold and I would have to keep foldin  it back, maybe if the dress was tighter it wouldn't unfold. But over all it was a beautiful dress.


Love it!! I'm 5'5 36-28-40 ordered a large. It was a little too big but I wet it a little and threw it in the dryer and now it's perfect. (do not dry instructions) I should have chose a medium. The fabric feels amazing!! Heavy and stretchy.


The size chart provided is wrong. A medium which is supposed to be a 4 was way too large for me. I might have liked the fit a little better if it actually fit properly.


loved the material but the fit was a bit odd.


Dress is great quality but was too large for me. I'm 5'2" 36D and 140lbs, I ordered a medium. It was too large in the sleeves/upper back area, fit great in the mid section but was too long. It made me look shorter than I am. But that is usually the story (for me) with tea-length and/or knee length dresses, since I am short. Otherwise, it was beautiful and well made


The dress was absolutely PERFECT! It fit perfectly and it was the right color! I was a little worried that instead of the dark red, I would get the bright red, since that happened to another person. But everything was perfect! I don't have a picture, but the dress fit my body amazingly! I'm about 160 pounds and about 5'3" and the XL fit perfectly. You may have to study the size chart a but to not get confused. The dress fits my curves in the best way and it's very comfortable with the stretchy-ish fabric. I'll post a picture after the event I bought it for. Anyway, long story short, this dress was very worth it!


