Dress is very comfortable and flattering.


i ordered a large because i went with the measurements provided, i should have went with my gut feeling and gotten a size smaller.


I dislike the dress period...it looked nothing like the pic this dress should be way cheaper I regret ever spending my money to buy it  if I had a choice I would send it back but it already left for Jamaica what a waste of my money


I don't feel like the dress looks as good in person. The arm holes are a little small. I'm 5'5" and about 240 lbs and I got the XXL. It fits fine except for the arms. It's a little long on me, but your mileage may vary.


Had to return it.


First, let me say that this is a beautiful, expensively made dress that is an incredible bargain. The fabric is substantial, with a flattering drape -- not one of those knits that is thin and too clingy -- and the top is fully lined.  The sweetheart neckline is low but still modest.  The size 4 fit my 5'5" daughter like a dream, and looks like it will be really comfortable.  But the color is totally not what we expected.  We ordered light sea green and the dress we got is a completely different color -- a deep, dark jewel-tone teal.  It is definitely not like the light sea green, yet it is not the darker green dress either.  She needs it for this weekend, so I guess we'll keep it, but she was really looking for something cheerier and more spring-like.  Still, after seeing the quality of the dress, we will seek out MUXXN dresses in the future.


This dress is designed for a less busty women who likes to show off the entire city of "Cleveland" The only way I could get it to fit is if my family move upstairs and out on to the balcony.  no thanks!  cute style!


The fit is off. Not sure if it's the material which is causing the problem.


I am so in love with this dress. Fits perfectly. I am 5'5" 173 lbs, bust 37, waist 30 and usually wear a medium. I ordered the medium and its perfect. The fabric has some stretch so its snug but is very comfortable.


I really like this dress. The color is a bit brighter than pictured (I purchased the green), but that often happens with online purchases. It's a bit larger than I expected.


