It was alright, just not what I was expecting. It was longer than I had thought, and the material was heavy. It was very pretty though!


I bought the "lightseagreen" color and it was not the same color as pictured. It was much brighter, similar to a turquoise. The material is also definitely not 95% cotton like the description says. It's much more stiff than I thought it would be.


I was torn between a M and L when I picked my size. If I had confidence in the returns I would have ordered both and sent one back but the return reviews were iffy. I ordered a L and the material was nice and stretchy so I could have done a M. It was a little big but turned out cute anyway. I'm usually a 10 but have a smaller chest and had to wear a padded bra to fill out the front.


Such a beautiful and flattering dress! Even better than expected!


I am definitely going to get a second one in either green or red.


I am 5'9, 170 lbs, 36 C bra size...I wear a dress size 12 normally.. I got large and the bust is just a tiny bit loose, but not enough to really bother me..If i lost 10 lbs i feel the Medium will fit better...Ill wait to order my second one until i have worn and washed this one a few times...Its so pretty on!


LOVE IT


PERFECT FOR TEEN!


Dress is darling but seems to be sized for Juniors I ordered a Lg but it was way too small, i wear a 12-14 top depending on style.  Reorder 2 sizes larger, i liked it that much.


This dress fits like a glove! the material is stretchy and comfortable. I am 5 2 and about 115 lbs with a 34C bust and I got the small, it fits perfect. The only reason I didn't give this dress 5 stars is because the color is off. I wanted a more dark red and it is more of a bright red, but oh well it will still work!


This dress is very nice. The quality is nice. The fabric is good quality and very stretchy. The dress description is beige but it is just like the picture, a peachy color.


While I want this dress to work for me I just did not.  I ran larger and it just was not flattering on me.  It is not a good fit for my body shape.  Other dresses with this cut have worked well.  I think it is the thickness of the material.  It definitely is stretchy.  Great quality. Beautiful color.


