I wear a size 16 so I bought this dress in an XL and it fit perfectly but when the time came for me to wear it to my wedding the zipper broke!!! Me and my daughters spent 10-15 minutes unzipping and rezipping until we finally got it back on track. I was so upset! Also the color is not a pure white reminded me of something that was once white but got old and the white dulled out to an off white.


I loved the stretchy, heavy fabric of this dress. It seemed really well made, especially for the price. It was very flattering, covering my trouble areas. I ordered the beige color, in hopes it  would be more of a coral. It was definitely not beige, but looked more peach/orange to me. I'm sending back and may order a different color.


My Favorite Thing! Bought in Light Blue. I normally wear a size 10  or 12 and have purchased this style of dress in white, black, dk blue and lt. blue. Originally purchased size large, but got the dk. blue and lt. blue in size medium, and they are my absolute favorite dresses. Gorgeous and flattering, fitted to waist.


I had no idea that light blue would become my favorite color.


 One note, I've been getting the two blues dry cleaned instead of laundering myself and they look as good as they day I bought them


Look beautiful in this green dress! It is more green green than an olive but I have paired it with brown and navy blue and both looks were stunning. Lots and lots of complements and questions on where I got it. This dress is great quality with lots of stretch. I purchased the size S. Now I'm 5.7" and  around 140lbs but I am very pear shaped (skinny on top with a larger bottom) so even though I'm a size 8 usually for A line dresses (like this one) I can usually get away with a size 4-6 (weird, I know). Hope that helps with sizing. I would recommend this dress.


Love love love the dress. The material is a nice medium weight. Has some give. My daughter is 5'5" and 165lbs. Got the XL. It fits like it was made for her. The pic is without the petticoat because it was delayed.


Absolutely loved the dress. Is a heavier material than I expected but still loved it.


It's very pretty,  I wish it were a brighter red but I still like it, the material is stretchy and comfortable. I am 5'4" and 125lb and found it to be long so I might give it a bit of a hem. Overall I am happy with it. I did get the tidetell petticoat to help fluff it out more.


It is an absolutely darling dress, and the cross pattern at the chest can help emphasize girls who are a little on the smaller side in the chest department. The fabric is rather stretchy, so it has some wiggle room in terms of sizing. It does almost require a petticoat through, as the skirt is not as full when worn as it seems to be in the photo. You will need an additional layer to get the photo effect. If the dress came with that this would be a 5 star item, but it is still a lovely dress, great for afternoon or evening wear.


By "somewhat large" I just mean that it's larger than what the size chart indicates.  I ordered an XL and I could have comfortably gotten away with a L.  The material is stretchy and very comfortable.  I bought this for our office Christmas party and I received complements all night on it.  I will be buying my dresses from this company from now on.  The price is reasonable and the dress is good quality.


I can not say enough of how much I love this dress. It fit with wiggle room. Meaning I did not ever feel constricted by it but it was just formed enough to my top that I felt sexy as well. Adding a petticoat under it just made it pop for me. I was looking for a few good rockabilly dresses that I could actually afford and came across MUXXN which I bought two of theirs and recommend them to family and friends now. The fabric is soft, comfortable, easy to care for. Just beautiful and makes you feel beautiful.


