I love, love, love, love this dress!  It is gorgeous!  It looks even better with a petticoat.  Thank you so much.  Worth every penny!!!!!!!


I really like this dress. I'm pretty chesty, and there is still room at the top, so I'd say it runs a bit big on the top.  I like that the material has some give to it. Looks nice even though I didn't get a petticoat for underneath it.  Would be vintage that way, but without is just a nice dress.


Love this dress! I'm a size 10, 5'8", and the large fits me as though it was made for me. Gorgeous color, gorgeous style.  It doesn't look particularly '50s on me at all, so it didn't work for the dinner that I'd ordered it for -- but it's so pretty that I kept it anyway.


My wife looks stunning in this dress. Great materials and well made dress. worth every dollar.


Way longer than I thought it'd be (I'm 5'7" and it hangs to my mid-calf), but the style is cute and classy.


Loved this dress it was gorgeous and the color popped!!!!


Very cute! Fits great ! I recommend haven't it dry cleaned to get the wrinkles out !


I am squeezing in it


i just got this dress today after ordering it two days ago. And it fits me pretty well. To give you an idea, I'm 5'4", 135lb and my measurements are 37-27-37. Because of these factors, I have a hard time finding anything that fits right, especially the bust.


I'm a dancer and am looking for vintage dresses for some jazz festivals. I tried the rockabilly and lindy bop dresses but while the rest of the dress fit perfectly, there was hardly any material for the bust. All the lines ended up hitting me in weird places.


As I said, I just got this dress, but I fell in love after just putting it on. The bust is perfect! And all the seams hit in the correct places. That said(and why I have it a four star) the waist is still too large for me. But as I'm used to clothes not fitting 100%, I'll take a slightly too large waist. It's something that can easily be taken in.


The other reason I gave it a four star is simply because it's so long. Granted, I'm fairly short, but it hits well past my knees. Again, nothing that can't be fixed with a little sewing.


Honestly, this is a fabulous find. I'm super excited about it and can't wait to go dancing in it! Also, really nice vintage dresses are around $100+. This is a fabulous dress for a fabulous price.


I read a lot of these reviews.  The red is just as brought as I wanted it.  I'm thinking of getting it in green too I like it so much


