I got this dress as a bridesmaid dress and I love this it. You can fancy it up with some great accessories. It fits great and give you a little more room due to it being a stretchy material. I'm in between a L and XL and I got the XL, I coulda got the L. In fact, I'm ordering it in a L but in a different color. Well, in a few different colors. :)


I typically wear a 16-18 and this fit great! It was a bit lower cut than I expected, but not too much. I wore it as part of my Princess Lolly costume for Halloween, but made sure to carefully take all of the decorations off so I can wear it again. It's surprisingly comfy and stretchy. It ironed out okay, but I didn't try a very hot iron. I'd say it looks best with a petticoat underneath. I'm considering buying another in a color I'm more likely to wear. It's a lovely, vibrant yellow, I just don't usually wear that color!


**UPDATE: I ended up wearing this for our engagement pictures, and I did not wear the petticoat with it. It was a little tight on me, but the dress still looked great!!**


I purchased this dress for Valentines day 2016. I tried it on as soon as it came in, and I absolutely love it! I bought a black 26" petticoat to go under it, and it looks adorable! I am 5'3", 160 lbs, so it comes down to about my mid calf instead of right below the knee, but with the right shoes, it still looks killer! I ordered the Large, and I still have some room, as it is a stretchy material, but I'm also glad I ordered the large bc the material shows everything it seems like. If you have any back fat whatsoever, you will see it if you don't order just a touch on the loose side or wear a brassier instead of a normal bra. I cannot wait to wear this dress out next weekend!


I loved this dress I'm 4 ft 11 inches.  I had to have it hemmed but that was it.  Very comfortable and flattering.  I used this dress for a San Diego Comic Con Poison Ivy cosplay.  Even in hot July weather it was amazing.  I did use a petty coat so it made the whole dress pop!  I would wear this dress to any event it's so cute.  Ordered and XL and it's stretchy so just perfect!


This is one of my favorite purchases that I have ever made from Amazon! I bought this dress to wear for family portraits. The fit is perfect, and I love that there is a little bit of stretch to the fabric. There were many fantastic colors to choose from. I love that the length is just barely below the knee. It is a little hard to see in the picture, but there is a tiny bit of tulle that peeks out from the bottom of the skirt to add a flirty look. These dresses would make stunning bridesmaids dresses!


Love this dress, which is why I bought it in three colors. Fits perfectly and has a good amount of stretch; therefor, it fits many different body types. Perfect length and very comfortable. Each dress can be worn casual, or dressed up for a fancier look. And a petticoat, accessories, jewelry, and different shoes can definitely change and/or improve each look. In my picture is the green, navy, and light blue dresses, worn with white cardigans and mary-jane heels or wedges. My sister loved the dresses so much and has borrowed mine a couple times now. So for her birthday, I have purchased one for her. Can't wait to give it to her!


It's great around the body, has some stretchy give to it if needed. I see this working for larger chested and smaller chested women too. I have 32B cups and I still felt great in the chest area. The reason for 4/5 ⭐: I'm 5'4 and 135lbs, the dress was longer than shown/expected, but I needed it for a last minute wedding so I didnt have time to get it altered. You can see in the photos for the fitting.


I love the color, fit, and quality for the price! I ordered this for my church's Christmas fellowship dinner. I got so many compliments from women and men alike.


The red was bright and even throughout the fabric. I'm very broad up top - 40DDD, high-waisted, and not hippy. I usually wear a 16/18, depending on the cut. I ordered the XXL and the fit was comfortable. You will need a push up bra because it is a tad bit low. I also recommend buying a 25" petticoat for the skirt to give it the full look. Finally, I was skeptical about the quality because it was not American-made. The stitching is good and the dress only needed a light ironing before putting it on.


I've worn it two more times since then and still love it!


I bought this dress two days before my fathers wedding. I was nervous that it would be a disaster but it was definitely not. This dress is amazing and I want to order it in every color! I am s medium according to the charts and it fit pretty well BUT I will buy it in small next time because the bust area was a tad big. 5 people at the wedding wanted the link to buy this dress and I heard nothing but compliments on my little black dress. I bought a black petticoat to wear underweath http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00OZCC8IQ/ref=mp_s_a_1_2?qid=1433613230&sr=8-2&pi=AC_SY200_QL40&keywords=petticoat+skirt&dpPl=1&dpID=31PgbGZQ9xL&ref=plSrch


And it was just amazing


I bought these dresses for my bridesmaids and each one fit perfectly! They have stretch for room to grow, zip up without a problem and flow so beautifully when they walk! And what a great price! My bridesmaids love them! BEST PURCHASE EVER! Thank you!!


