I am so happy I decided to buy this dress!  I have a horrible time trying to find dresses that flatter my figure as I am petite (5'0, 115lbs) with a rather large bust.  I ended up going with the small even though the busts measurements were smaller than my own. Like other reviewers have noted the bust does stretch so it ended up fitting perfectly in the bust as well as the waist.  This is a very flattering dress, though I do recommend buying a petticoat skirt to go under it to add that extra flair.


LOVE this dress, bought it for a cruise and was so completely satisfied with the fit.  The material is stretchy, not a cotton or polyester type material which does make it even more comfortable to wear.  Received lots of compliments.


I got this dress in size XL, my measurements are 40-32-41 (36F bra) and the dress fits great. I'm 5'3", so the length hits below the knee. The fabric isn't great, but it's a medium weight polyester that feels sturdy enough, but not so thick that I'm going to die of heat exhaustion. It's a great dress for the price.


This dress is perfect!! Simple yet classic.


Beautiful, thick fabric for the price. Has some stretch and fits like a glove. I am 6', 140.


It's nice quality, but I am 5' nothing and it was way too long for me. I have a large chest and ordered a 2x and it was really large on the top. I'm going to return.


LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! I am probably going to buy a couple more of these dresses in different colors. I don't wear dresses very often, but I wanted to buy this for my wedding reception next month. I am 6 ft tall and it goes below my knees, so if you are super short it might be a little long, but the quality and style of this dress makes it perfect!! This dress is a steal at the price listed!!


Beautiful dress, clings to my figure without looking too tight. Wore it for an office party and everyone loved it. Would be even better with a crinoline added for volume on the bottom.


I purchased this product for my best friend. We both loved the way it fit and were pleased with the nice quality of the fabric.


Weird, stretchy quality. Color was great but the dress itself was not flattering, whatsoever.


