The color is nice.  I was anticipating more of an emerald green.  This is more of a forest green. The picture showed that it flared out a lot.  I am glad it doesn't.  I think the model may be wearing a petticoat underneath to give it lift and more of a 50's look.  Ordered size based on measurements and it fits.  I have some room, which means I can eat.


This dress  is just like buying a costume from party city Halloween store. Very thin material. I usually wear a medium to a large, so I ordered Extra large, because of the reviews. This dress fit like a small. So buyer beware! I feel it is not worth $40 dollars! P.S. I only gave it one star because I could not post this review unless I did!


I hate clothes shopping online but was needing a new LBD and had been looking for at least 2 years in retail shops and couldn't find anything I liked. This one looked cute so I bought it in black and loved it when I tried it on. So much that I had to buy it in green too. I was a little worried about the color as another review had said it was olive green, but it really is just green, just like a green color crayon, and it is so pretty. It's a super comfortable dress and looks great without adding a petticoat. Amazon needs to carry more dresses by MUXXN. Nice price, it fit as expected, and looked like what the picture showed. So much better than some other things I've bought online.


Got this dress for a surprise birthday party.  Purple is my fav color and this was the perfect shade.  I'm a size 12-14 dress I got a large because I thought I could always have it taken in.  It fits perfectly.  It does wrinkle easily.  But I didn't look like I just woke up, so I didn't worry about it too much.


Wore this as my wedding dress! I loved it so much!!! Fit like a dream and I looked amazing. Best Amazon but I ever had! Though small and simple it made my wedding day super special.


beautiful but somehow large. After reading the reviews I decided to order the L. I am 5.6", 38D and 175 pounds after having a baby just 3 months ago. Haven't loose all the weight I gained with this last pregnancy. I am usually 153-160. So the big size was not a brainer so I thought. Even at my biggest this was to big for my frame. I am ordering the M to see how that goes.


Color, fabric and style was good but too big from chest and shoulders and too long. So I returned it!! I am medium and order the medium, I guess it for very busty people!


Okay, here we go...I am a size 16, 5'10" girl. I am out of shape and hide my arms and tummy with most everything I wear. Shopping for a dress for my oldest son's wedding had to be methodically strategic.  I searched and searched for days/hours. I chose this dress b/c of the material it is made of (comfortable with stretch) and the way it might hit my waist and shoulders. Well....it is absolutely perfect and made me feel so pretty for the special day! :)


This dress is so beautiful. I bought it for my niece's sweet 16 all white affair. I got so many compliments for this dress. I bought a petticoat and it looks AMAZING. I want to buy this dress in every color!


I love this dress. It's my go-to for a lot of events. It's cute and gives me a nice shape, but appropriate to wear for school events as well. It's become one of my favorite dresses!


