I needed this dress for a ceremony where we're required to wear white.  Loved the fit, the material (and price).  However, I couldn't use it, it came in Ivory.  I'm about a 145lbs and 5'5.  I ordered a medium and it fit very well.  I'm a 38DD and it was snug enough.  I wish the color was correct.  Actually needed to order 11 more for the other women in my group of vary sizes and shapes.  This dress complimented all our figures.  The search is still on for a conservative, yet chic, pure (snow or paper) white dress.


I bought this dress in red for an awards ceremony. The fabric is high quality with a bit of stretch. I had a pettiskirt already that I used under it to give it a bit of fullness, and paired it with black stalkings, black and red shoes, black gloves, and a black birdcage veil.


It fits true to measurements and was absolutely beautiful! I received so many compliments on it. When I purchased it, it was $39 dollars and was absolutely a steal at that price. I've recommended it to several friends and I'm considering buying it in black. It's beautiful, the color is a rich blue-red, and it was sewn wonderfully. This is my favorite dress that I bought this year. :)


This dress was perfect when I wanted to dress up as Belle! The quality is great for the price! I would say the dress fits as expected to slightly bigger. I am 5'4" and 150lbs and a 34D and ordered a medium. The dress has lots of stretch to it! It looks great on its own but I did add a petticoat to give it some oomph!


Purchased this dress for a costume and it is great quality with a little stretch in the fabric. Nice color and fit!


The dress was not only a fantastic deal,  but it was beautiful and well made. Love it! Great for any formal or casual event. Also, for those that are looking for a dress you can nurse in, this one worked for me.


Sadly, I had to send it back. The dress was far too small, I'm talking like 2-3 sizes too small.


I bought this dress for my daughter for Christmas. It looks adorable on her. She loves it. I bought the large for her as that is the size she usually wears and it fit her well. The price is definitely reasonable and the quality seems good. I would buy more of these in different patterns!


I am extremely pleased with the dress I ordered. My daughter needed a dress for a play that she is in and I was unsure about ordering online. After reading the reviews I decided to try it. She and I couldn’t be happier with the dress that came. The others that reviewed the dress said it ran a little large. She measured between a Lg. and Xtra Lg. I ordered the Lg. and it fits like a dream!!! Love this dress!!!


I love this dress, I wore it to my 8th grade graduation and I love the fit. The only problem was that it was a bit big in the bust because I'm very small there. Other than that it was a great fit!!!


I really love this dress. It has a good bit of stretch and is flattering. I also want to note that I ordered this in 2 colors- black and white polka dot and the navy blue. They both look great, but I wanted to note to future buyers that the material is different. Polka dot had very little give in the fabric and fit tighter because of it. Navy was definitely more stretchy and had more give. Both are great, but just FYI!


