Beautiful dress, and great price.


I LOVE this dress. It fits me beautifully. The medium is really a medium not  large as many brands seem to think. Heavy weight fabric is made really well. It drapes wonderfully.  I only wish they had a shorter version. Although it is a retro style, I wish it were a bit more modern in the length.


I ordered this for a wedding where the colors are coral and navy. I ordered the beige (hoping it would actually be coral) and it is definitely a light coral color, so the color was great for me. The fabric is stretchier than I imagined, but I like that. If you are hoping for a full skirt I suggest also getting a petticoat to add volume to the bottom. Overall I am pleased with this dress.


I loved it the minute I took it out of the package! The material stretches just right, to keep the fitted look, yet still allowing me to breathe. The cross coverage at the chest is not too revealing, and the hemline at the knee cap is 1950's fun!


I'm 5'7" and I wear 36D and weigh 160lbs. This dress is true to the size. Material is stretchy and quality is good. I ordered XL but it was big so normally I wear Large. Order your true size.


i love this dress.  My weight fluctuates and I happen to be on the heavier side right now, size 16, 18.  I purchased a XL after reading it runs large.  It is true because It fit my body wonderfully and has very generous stretch in it.  In fact, I wouldn't have minded if it was a little tighter. I say 12/14 order a large;  10/12 , order a medium  Its very well made thicker material but perfect for year round.  It hides my currently huge belly and thighs and makes me feel so feminine.  I did purchase a petticoat to add a little more hmph although it didn't  make a huge difference because the dress has quite a bit of its own swing.  I cant wait to wear it out.  I didn't want to take it off after I tried it all on with my pearls.


I liked the dress and thought the color was nice and as expected. The dress material is a little heavy, but felt overall flattering. Unfortunately I have to return the dress because it was too big. I went by the size chart and found the top was too large. Probably could have gone down a size.


It is a little too long for me. Comes down just below the knee. But overall it is a good fit.


I got this dress for a Halloween costume and it fits better than I thought it would! I'm a size 12/14 normally and XXL was slightly big, but I need costume to be a smidge big so it's perfect. Hides the tummy well too! :)


Absolutely gorgeous dress. I’m an Extra Small, which they didn’t have, so I ordered the small and had it altered. I want one in every color!


