I got this for a formal I had to go to, I read a ton of reviews about this dress and most are correct. The color is around what is pictured and depending on the light, will go slightly lighter and or slightly darker. The fabric is strechy and heavy enough that it is not see through. There is a seem line down the frount of the skirt and at about the waist line if not a little farther above or below. That's why it is 4 stars but I love the dress. I'm about 5'5-5'6 inches  in hieght and a bit pudgy and the dress went to about 2-3 inches below my knee. My normal size is a M, so thats what I got. If you don't like a few small rolls at your back, near your bra area than I suggest getting a slightly bigger size or just get a slightly bigger bra. It covers clevage unless you are very well indowed and it gives you nice covers. Sorry I forgot to take picture of me in it to show you but I did my best with a rough sketch. There is about 1/2 inch of somesort of netting at the bottom of the dress and it gives a nice touch. I also purchased a petticoat with this dress, I got a red M petticoat with this dress but that gave me more jelly rolls than I wanted so I returned it and got a bigger size but it is a little to big now and I'm stuck with that, but with the petticoat it gives the dress some volume if you want it.


I bought it in medium as there were no reviews. I am 5'2" and 135-140ish. I should have gotten a small, but it fit like a medium fits on me. I LOVE IT. I got lots of compliments.


I look so GOOD in this dress. I have one of those kinda-curvy bodies; I'm short, not quite hourglass shaped, and I carry my weight in my midsection. Not a great combination for looking good in dresses.


I kept seeing everyone's photos of themselves in this dress; it seemed to look great on curvier women. I was hesitant about buying this, but when it went on sale, I snatched it up. I honestly didn't think the medium would end up fitting my 5'2" 148 lbs frame, but when I put it on and looked in the mirror, I was so impressed. The little cap sleeves cover my armpit fat, and I like my waistline in this dress. It accentuates all the right areas.


The ONLY thing I don't like about it is the length. Again, I'm short, so that has a lot to do with it. It sits a tad lower on my leg than I'd like, but it's an easy hem job.


In conclusion, if you're unsure about buying this dress - BUY IT! You won't be sorry. Buy your usual size.


It was perfect! I got this dress to put on after I was sick of wearing my giant wedding dress. I read a million reviews and debated on what size to get since I'm an awkward in between.. So the material is thick and stretchy, but not clingy. Very sturdy dress. The fit was great! I am 148lbs, with a couple rolls on the belly and I'm 5'6" tall. The medium was fine. The large would have been too big. The cap sleeves and the way the front crosses is so elegant and stylish. I got a lot of compliments on it! I did wear spanx underneath as I was worried about it being see-through, but the material is nice and thick so I probably didn't need to. Wonderful purchase and I can imagine the other colors are just as awesome!


I was a little nervous buying this dress ad a plus sized woman, but I am very glad I did. I actually used this as my wedding dress. The material was a little stretchy, so it had some give. The only slightly negative thing about the dress was that the material was a bit stiff, similar to a heavy tablecloth or curtain. I normally wear a 22 (US) in jeans, G cup bra, and am 5'3" and the 2x fit well.


I wear normally a US 6 or 8 and ordered a M.


Fit perfectly, material has a little stretch to it which is nice. Needs a petite coat to make it full.


Read other reviews about front seem down front of dress. I would prefer not to have it but was not a deal breaker. The most compliment I have had in one night was because of this dress.


Very happy!!


Fabric was nice and stretchy. This particular dress color was called "beige", but it was more like a light salmon color. I purchased some orange fabric dye and made it more bright orange for my needs.


As to the fit - this bridesmaid wears maybe a 10? We ordered it in "Large" first and I could put it on (like sausage casing) as a size 16/18.  So we ordered it in medium. And the medium fit great, but the zipper gave out between the wedding and the reception. Yikes. But nothing a few safety pins couldn't fix.


We ordered 5 of this sleeveless dress (and 1 with sleeves) and they all worked out great. The colors weren't very consistent to the online pictures, but that's always tough.


Couldn't love this dress more.


This dress is truly a classic and well-made.  There is a bit of stretch to it and the material is durable.  The tulle under the dress is very cute, but remember to get yourself a petticoat if you want that hard, classic a-line. I'm buying this one in other colors because it's just too cute for words and it's perfect for the upcoming wedding season!  I bought this in black/medium and I'm 5'4'', 145 pounds.  I found a dress belt, pearls and vintage inspired shoes completed the look I wanted for my commencement ceremony.  All items worn in the picture I uploaded were purchased here on Amazon.  I hope my review helps!


I ordered this because I wanted a dress to wear to my anniversary dinner my husband. I tried dresses that were triple and quadruple the price of this one and they didn't fit right or flatter me the way I wanted to. I recently lost about 20 pounds and thought I should be a medium but I ordered a medium and a large just in case. The medium fit perfectly and I lost a little more weight from when I tried this on to when I actually wore it so the bust was a bit baggier but it still looked nice. It also has stretch in it. I felt it fits true to size, was flattering, not see through, as other customers have previously said. I returned the large and that was also easy. I received a ton of compliments on this dress and would order more and would recommend for everyone too!


