This dress was better quality and dressier than I expected. I usually wear an 18 and ordered a 2x. It fits perfectly. I don't think I would be as pleased with the fit if I were a 20. It does need to be hand washed and hung dry because the material has some elastic in it -  65% rayon 30% cotton 5% spandex.


This dress is beautiful and fits like a glove.  I did end up having it altered because I am 5'2" and it was way too long for me, fitting at about mid-calf.  For reference I am normally between a 10-12, 155 lbs.  The top was perfect.  I am a 36D and it fits beautifully on top.  As others noted, there is definitely some stretch which is nice.


5'4 130 Medium fit perfectly. GREAT fabric! Feels abd looks very expensive!


This is a lovely dress, and it fit pretty well, with reasonable quality for the price. Unfortunately, the "white" color I ordered for Diner en Blanc turned out to actually be ivory, so I will have to return it.


I love this dress!! I have worn it twice to weddings and it's beautiful! Super comfortable too! I can't believe how inexpensive it is and the quality is really nice. I did have it pressed for $7 when I received it so it looked even more classier!


The fit is great and I love the styles.  My only gripe is that the fabric wrinkles quite easily and is very difficult to iron out efficiently, so I can only wear it once (maybe twice) before it needs to go to the dry cleaner.


I've got so many compliments from this dress. I'm 5'6" and 153 lbs and got a size medium. It fits great. I would buy again.


This dress looks awesome and feels awesome!  I got a medium and it fits great everywhere but the chest. I'm a 34C and it gaps. I'm 5'10 and 150.  Perfect little party dress and long enough for my height!!  It's also a little stretchy!  I may have to get another


Absolutely love this dress. The fabric is stretchy and comfortable not very hot. I ordered this for a wedding I was in but sadly the wedding was cancelled. That is the only reason I returned it.


I bought this dress to wear to my daughter's first birthday.  I tried it on when it first came and loved it. I put it on a week later for the party, and when we went to zip it, the zipper came right off the teeth.  Incredibly disappointing.


