Amazing! I am completely in love with this dress! I was unsure of the size and since I'm losing weight, I actually ordered a size down from what I normally wear. My thought was that if it was too tight, I'd lose weight into it rather than have to get it sized down. It is a little tight, but still fit well enough that I can comfortably wear it. The material is light but sturdy and is just a little bit stretchy so it is very comfortable. It looks amazing with and without my petticoat, but I like it best with the petticoat to give it a little puff. I would absolutely recommend this and will definitely order another color!


Well made, I used the measurements to determine the size to buy and I was amazed how perfect it fit, how well it was made.  I purchased this for my granddaughter's graduation dress and she is only about 5'2" and very busty and this fits well, doesn't show cleavage, just too long but I can fix that.  Love it...only wish she didn't have to wear white, would have loved to see her in red or blue.


I really liked this dress but I was looking for a modest/ conservative dress for a valentine's dance with my 7 yr old son.  I felt that this put too much emphasis on the bust area and was a little low cut for this specific occasion.  If it were an adult occasion, I don't think I would have been so hesitant.  It was not provocatively low cut, just a little less appropriate than one of the other dresses I purchased for the occasion.


It is a really nicely shaped dress, that has a classic fit that looks nice on many different shaped women.  I wear between a 16 -18 and am largely busted.  It would make a very nice special occasion dress for many women.  If you follow the sizing chart of the manufacturer, the dress fit true to size.


Pros


- I love the color and “swing” of this red dress.


- The sizing was accurate.


- The weight of the material is nice and quite stretchy.


Cons


- I’m not thrilled with the way the folds lay on the bust and wrinkles from underneath are apparent.


  I washed it and will have to work with it a bit, maybe steam it, since it is too complex to iron in this area.


I would purchase this product again.


If you have found this review helpful, I’d love if you’d indicate that below.


My wife cannot stop exclaiming over this dress.  She usually struggles to find dresses that fit properly, as a size 18 with a lot of tummy to go with a large bust. The XL size fits her like it was custom tailored for her - arm holes are the right size, works with her underwear, stretches the right way so the fit is very flattering.  And the dark green color is beautiful.  She is going to see how it holds up to wearing and cleaning before buying any more, but if you're looking for something special for a nice occasion in a hurry, this dress is great!


I was really excited for this dress to arrive; it looks really pretty in the pictures. I bought a small, but unfortunately it was too big and I had to return it. Here's what their size chart said: S: BUST: 33.07"- 34.25" WAIST: 25.19"- 26". I'm 34" bust and 26" waist. I really expected it would fit me, but it didn't. Oh well.


That being said, it was still an excellent dress. The material was nice, a little thicker than I'd expected and slightly stretchy. The length was good, the quality was nice, and the color was beautiful. Other than the sizing issues, I have no real complaints about this dress. If they ever add an XS size or if I decide it's worth it to try to take it in a bit I'd totally order it again!


I ordered three dresses, a green (L) and 2 light blue (M & L). The green large and the blue medium are 5 stars! The fabric is great, zipper is good quality, fit/look is wonderful! I would by 10 more just like it!!


The blue large is a totally different material. It felt cheap, the zipper was terrible. Compared to the other 2, this one was a cheap, low quality copy. This one is going back, but I am keeping the other two.


Since I ordered 2 of the same color dress and they are completely different qualities, I would suggest only buy it if it has free returns and hope you get the better quality one.


This dress is very very comfortable! I wore it to a tea party bridal shower with a fancy hat and received so many complements. I am 5'2 and it hit mid-shin and is very flattering. I continue to wear it to work with heels and I absolutely love it. The fabric is stretchy but lays nicely after a quick once over with the steamer. DO NOT IRON! I melted part of the bottom hem because my iron was too hot. A steamer works perfectly. I washed it in the machine and lay flat to dry.


Bought this as my bridesmaid's dress for my friend's wedding (my only instruction was black, preferably knee length).  It fit really well and I got a lot of compliments on it.


Note: The skirt doesn't flare out quite as much as the picture might suggest.  For a fuller, more vintage-look, wear a petticoat/crinoline underneath for the "wow" factor


I LOVE this dress!! It is a bit on the large side, as others have testified, but I still love it. Im 5' even so I did shorten it up. Finding clothes for me is very difficult. I am short and curvy. After hours and hours in the stores looking for something to wear to a wedding I bought this dress and some accessories as my last ditch effort. It came. I tired it on. I fell in love! I dressed it up with a wide belt and a petticoat underneath. Very cute. I received multiple compliments from friends and strangers alike.


