This is a GREAT dress!!!!! So beautiful! I got it in red for my "Old Hollywood" Bachlorette party in July. I wore red all the other guests wore black dresses. It was so cute! I read the reviews and decided to get the large and it fit very well, just as described by other reviewers, although I could have went with a medium and it still would have fit great (probably even better) the material is very stretchy so if you are a larger woman and you want it a bit more form fitting I would go a size down. Like I said I could have gone a size smaller and I believe it would have looked that much better. I even changed into this dress at my wedding after a while. I got a lot of compliments on it at both my Bachlorette party and wedding. I do not regret this purchase! I love it. I would like a black one too! Also, I bought a black petticoat for under it as described by a few people that it would make it stand out more and it did! I couldn't have been more happy!


Super cute classy dress the flatters a curvy figure. Makes me feel like a million bucks! I'm 5'3" and usually wear a 12-14 and the XL fits me with some room to spare - so I don't feel like it's squeezing me! Very comfortable and perfectly conceals bra straps. Hits me about mid calf and shows just the right amount of cleavage without being inappropriate (I am very very busty!)


Beautiful dress! Fits like a glove. Very feminine and romantic. The material has some stretch in it, so it hugs my body deliciously. I'm 5'5", 130 lbs, my waist measures 27". I bought small and if fits perfectly. Bought one in black too!


I thought I would be waiting for weeks for this item but it came in days!!! I ordered it Tuesday afternoon and it came Friday morning! I was so happy and it fits great. I tend to have a smaller/average chest and waist then tend to have big thighs and butt and the fit is perfect! I’m 5’7.5 and around 175lbs and if I had a bigger chest, the large would still fit. Comfortable material and very flowy, would recommend to friends!


My teen daughter was looking for a dress for Christmas. At first I was not  sure about ordering and if there would be time for it to arrive. It was here in less than a week. The top is made so someone with larger chest could fit it also yet, the design looks very nice on my teen as well. She is thrilled and wants to order more. The fabric is lovely and the full skirt is fun.


Gorgeous and great fit.  I have a smaller bust so I did need to take it up about an inch, but other than that it fits perfectly.  The color was true to the image displayed online and looks very vintage and elegant.  Fabric is heavier than expected but it gives the skirt great movement.  I got dozens of compliments on this dress--so glad I got it!


This was a stretch for me to order a dress but it came and I was just so happy at the way it was so well made. The fabric gives a bit like lycra so it is comfortable. Size was as expected she is a size 6 I ordered a small fit perfect. The petticoat that comes sewed to it sticks out the bottom about one inch and is so sexy! and flirtatious! My daughter wore it to an awards event in LosAngeles and was a dream!


The fit makes me look more slender than I am, which I like, due to the waistline cut. The color is vibrant red and material isnt thin either as pictured too. Only complaint is that my bust is small, 34b and I just have to wear a patted bra to remedy that. Very pleased with the purchase.


I like the dress itself, but it's dry clean only, which is a no-no for me. I wish it had said that in the description, because I wouldn't have bought it in the first place if I'd known that. It it a little long for my tastes (I'm 5'2", and it comes an inch or two below my knees. Keep in mind I also have a big butt that picks it up an inch or so, so it can be as long as mid-calf for someone slimmer of the same height). The dress itself is great quality and fit, I'm just not willing to spend extra money on it's maintenance (though I would have been willing to shell out a one-time fee to get it hemmed to just above my knee).


This is a heavy dress, well made, I usually wear a size 10 in dresses i'm 5'11" 150 pounds 34D.  I bought the medium.  I did get a petticoat for underneath, but will either wear it without one or get a different one that has one less layer up high.  Don't really want so much emphasis on my hips


