Love this dress, I was a little nervous buying it on here because dresses I usually need to try on, I’m either a M or a L so I decided to go with the bigger one just in case, and it fits pretty well! It’s a little loose by the shoulders and back but everywhere else it fits great! Thinking about getting another one and trying the M to see how much of a size difference it is, but otherwise I love it!!


This dress fit fine, but I had to return it because the zipper was busted. I probably would have sized up if I was going back to it, just because it seemed a little small in the chest. It's a nice dress, but I am trying Lindy Bop instead, as those seem to be a little more trustworthy!


Also, beige? This thing was bubblegum pink. Cute, but probably for someone with a darker skin tone.


I'm glad I took the advice from other reviews and ordered my regular size! I am 5'8",135 lbs and wear a size 8. I ordered size Medium and it fits perfectly. The stretchiness of the fabric let's you move with ease and one could gain or lose a few pounds and it would still fit. The tag says the fabric is 65% Rayon, 30% Cotton, 5% Spandex. I had to run through a downpour and got soaked with an hour sitting in it on the way home but needed to wear it the next day. I hung it to dry and ran a warm iron over it and looked great the next day. Also, I ordered a 26 inch petticoat to make the skirt full. A few strangers (ladies) stopped me to say how pretty the dress looked (I bought the green). Great dress, great price!


beautiful well fitting dress.love it!!! order 1 size up .I wear an 8 and the med. is perfect


Color brilliant, fit Good through body, but slowly expanded in chest area throughout wearing. Zipper broke in back within 1 hour of wearing. Usually wear women's/misses size 8


Ugh this dress is awful. Not flattering and the yellow fabric color is garish. The material is so thin you can see EVERYTHING happening under it. The shoulder-cap sleeve thing is NOT cute with the neckline and I took it off immediately after trying it on because it looked so bad.


I LOVE the color of this dress (turquoise). The fit is very flattering, the only thing is that I am 5'1 and it comes to about halfway down to my shins so I will have to get it hemmed a little. I loved it so much that I also ordered the yellow one!


I'm a size 6, 32dd, 26" waist I put that bc clothes are really hard to find that fit right. I ordered a smallness on size chart and was really worried about the fit but it's got just enough stretch to fit like a glove!  Love the retro look and this dress is perfect and modest! Smells a bit weird but I'm sure the wash will take it out


I'm 5'3" and usually wear a medium. I listened to the reviews and got a medium, but I wish I had ordered the small. My bra size is 34DDD, so I was worried I wouldn't fit in the small. The waist is way too big, and It's a bit too long. It's a cute dress, but I look frumpy.


This dress is exactly what I had hoped! I plan to wear it for a wedding on St. Patrick's Day. The quality is lovely, the fit is perfect and it spins like Baby's dress at the end of Dirty Dancing. I might have to get one in every color.


