beautiful. but too small. trying to make it fit by diet.


This is the cutest dress ever. Cute, comfortable dresses well with a pair of pumps


pretty, better with a crenlin


Got this for wearing in a wedding, outdoors. Will wear it next weekend.


Great fit ,nice material with some stretch to it. Great vibrant color!! A little long however.  Did order the petticoat which takes quite a long  time to arrive ... almost a month! Can't wait to see them together.Ordered a black one as well can't decide which is better for mother of bride . Does recommend dry cleaning however can be hand washed.


Gorgeous.  Love this dress. Fabric provides stretch,  so I hugs curves in all the right places. Color is much brighter red, but still a "cool" red (blue undertones, not orangey-red).


Let me just say i have never had a dress that I love as much as this.  I got mine in red but any of the colors are fun. This dress makes me feel sexy. The red is brighter than expected,  sizing is pretty accurate. I have a big chest and this dress covers it. If you're wondering whether to buy it or not, do.  You will not regret it.


The dress came in plenty of time for my event, even with a serious weather delay. I love the way the dress feels, it's a bit stretchy and extremely comfortable. The bust area is a little big, but overall, I wish I could wear it all the time! It's perfect if you add a petticoat for extra volume.


Fabulous...happy belated birthday to me! Thanks to my family! I received a gift card for my birthday this summer and decided that I needed a dress. Why? I have NO idea! But I like it. It's comfy, looks cute, AND keeps your posture in line!


*Not a company sponsored review.*


Pamela


pjc2016@iCloud.com


This dress. Wow. I love this dress. It's extremely well-made and SO comfortable. The design is flattering, yet modest. I've never received so many compliments on an article of clothing. It's my favorite thing in my closet right now.


