Beautiful dress. Perfect fit.


I am 5' 1", 155 lbs. Well-endowed. I went with a medium,  and it is gorgeous and very, very flattering.


I bought this in green to wear to a fall wedding. Will definitely buy a few more in different colors..


The dress fit for most part. The length was just right. I will be wearing it for Sinco Shakedown.


I love this dress it’s so pretty


The colour is lighter than the pic. It's true-red, not wine-red.


The quality of the dress is decent for it's price, but if you're getting a lighter color, you'll definitely need a slip or a petticoat underneath. I really wanted this dress to work because it's so cute, but I'm really busty and though it fit me fine around the waist, the chest area was really unflattering.


I ordered this dress in light blue with polka dots. The size chart state size 3 x would fit 22 to 24...I usually can fit 20 or 22...nope..the tage on the dress says 16 to 18 and I can get it on but the bust and sleeves are way to tight to the fit. I will be returning this due to the fit issue.


This is one of the best dresses I have ordered online. I love it so much it has made its way into my regular rotation. The fabric is nice, it is a flattering fit, and can't say anything negative about it.


The dress arrived on time and it was as described by seller.


This dress is amazing, it stretches so I have a lot of room in it. I am heavier up top so it fills out great. My boyfriend loved it. I am planning to wear it to work soon. The cut and the detail is great. It's a versatile dress you can even dress it up or down. I just may buy more in other colors.


LOVE this dress. For those of you that wonder what size to order, I'm 5'3"" and 123 lbs. I ordered a S. This is a perfect fit!  And one more thing....the picture shows a coral color but the description says tan. This dress is coral.


This was a beautiful dress and was exactly as we expected.  It is difficult to find dresses that aren't too low on top and too short on bottom.  This is a modest dress and very beautiful.  The red was gorgeous.  It worked perfectly for a homecoming dress.


