5'6" 147lbs, 42" bust, 32" waist. A medium fit well, the fabric is of good quality, thick and stretchy, falls nicely on figure. I would recommend you order whatever size top you are, as the skirt is wide enough to accommodate all hip and tush sizes. The dress does fit as expected and runs very true to US size. I received a lot of compliments on the dress. I wore it for my daughters Christening. The dress looks the same in person as it does in the picture on Amazon.


l am a plus sized girl and am always avoid buying clothes online. Since more often than not, they are super smaller than expected. I always loved these type of dresses but they are never found in your usual clothing store.


When I checked out the sizes, I was surprised that dresses go up to a 2X. Most dresses I find online hardly go up to 1X. Before I added it to my cart, I made sure to check out the reviews to make sure when I order the dress, to make it's not a 2X in Asian size. Much to my delighted surprised, other larger women said it fitted just fine.


When it came in, i ordered the Floral Blue in size 2X, I was super excited to try it on (even bought a petticoat to give it a flare look). The dress looked a lot better than it did in the picture and looked great on me. Especially since I was just expecting just a "it's cute" when I wore it.


Wore this to my sister in laws baby shower in royal purple and it was a total show stopper. I'm a 36F, size 14 and this fit like a dream. The fabric is thick and drapes nicely so it's forgiving around the stomach area. It was comfortable enough that I wore it all day and wasn't afraid of flashing anyone since it hit me just below the knee. I've never bought a dress online that for so I was thrilled that this turned out to be such a winner.


I am in love with this dress. I bought the yellow one and got so many compliments on it. I am 5'5" and a 34A. I bought the small and the length was just what I wanted, and fit great at the waist and under the arms. It is comfortable and the material has quite a bit of stretch to it. I had to get it taken in at the shoulders because the bust area was too big, but it was worth it. It looks even nicer with a petticoat underneath. I got a 26" one from Tidetell. It likes to wrinkle, but the overall impact of the dress (especially in such a bright colour) was such that nobody seemed to notice. I would definitely consider buying another one of these dresses.


I fell in love with this dress from the picture, but was not sure it would look as good on. The price for my size and color of choice dropped one day so I took a chance. This dress is just as nice as in the photo. Good quality material and enough stretch to fit a range of measurements for each size, mine are 44-37-44 and the XL fit perfectly. Obviously needs a different bra than the one I wore to try it on, and maybe a petticoat if you want more flare on the skirt, but I am very happy with it and am now looking longingly at other Muxxun styles.


This dress is very cute.  It fits larger than expected.  I ordered the black AND the white with blue print, but I am only keeping the white with blue print one.  The white with blue print one seems to have a nicer material, whereas the black one has an obviously polyester fabric which is a bit unappealing.  Both dresses have a cheap zipper which malfunctioned right out of the box.  both dresses run a bit large.  but the blue and white one with a white pettycoat is so cute I had to keep it.  I had it hemmed a bit due to my height.  I might eventually choose to have the zipper replaced because it's malfunctioning.  In the end, it is a cute cut dress, and I have a hard time finding dresses I like, so I want to give props to this dress as I am able.  I ended up buying this dress one size smaller than the amazon measurements recommended.  I almost went down two sizes, if you can believe it.  It's a forgiving dress size. Also this is advertised as a retro look, but it will work as a good dress for any occasion.  It is feminine yet not too revealing.The petticoat makes it more "vintage" but you can wear it without a petticoat for a more modern look.


Originally ordered a large based on several reviews saying it ran big, but the fit was a bit too snug in the tummy area (ended up selling to a coworker who fell in love with it). The large fit better. Very flattering dress and I received so many compliments!


This dress is amazing - as you can see from everyone's photos it flatters everyone, from slim to heavy. Grab a belt if you're apple-shaped or have wide shoulders - it makes your waist look much smaller.


I ordered an XL in purple and it would fit a size 12 - 16 or so. I am 5'8" and without a slip or anything on underneath, it hits a few inches below my knees, which is what I wanted.


The material is stretchy and fits my E/F cup chest. It does need a belt to look complete, in my opinion, and you can dress it up or down easily with a casual leather belt or something nicer. Changing your shoes/jewelry would be an easy way to do that, too, and that's my plan.


I had to order purple because that's the theme of an event I initially need it for, but I'll try to dye it black. The purple is a nice, deep purple and very flattering to cool-toned skin.


For the price it can't be beat. I think it's a bit warm to wear during the day in the summer, but if you're in AC it should be okay. You also won't have to wear spanx underneath it - and a regular bra will work, too. I am not fond of dresses that require special undergarments. It's also a good year-round dress for me, as I can add black tights and a closed-toed suede shoe and not look like I'm wearing a summer dress.


I should get a lot of wear out of it. I can think of a dozen occasions off the top of my head where it would be appropriate.


There's a really awkward seam running down the middle of the front of the skirt portion of the dress, and I'm just hoping that the folds will hide it... but it's just a really weird place for a seam (the sides of the dress, or the back would make a lot more sense). Otherwise, the material is pretty heavy, but it seems durable and the dress itself looks true to its picture. Also, it's cotton and rayon, so no polyester, which is generally a good thing. It's pretty comfortable, and has a fair bit of give; I just hope that it won't get hot because of the thickness of the material. Also, fair warning, it definitely seems to be made for someone with a more generous bust, so it's rather loose in the collarbone and shoulder area.


I would probably give it three and a half stars, because it's slightly better than okay.


I love this dress so much that I ordered it in burgandy and in the green plaid. Important note: The different colors of dresses are made from different fabrics (both are fairly thick and seem to be decent quality though). I originally ordered the burgandy one, was pleased that it had a slight amount of give to it, and was very comfortable in a medium. I decided to order the plaid one as a more casual-looking dress and, imagine my surprise when the medium was way too tight in the chest area. The material for the plaid dress is stiffer and may even be measured slightly different, I'm not sure. Ultimately, though, I ended up exchanging it for an XL in the plaid and it fit well. I'm not sure if plaid is the only color like that or if my order was just a fluke, but it is something to consider when choosing a size.


Overall, I love the way both dresses look. I save the burgandy one for special occasions and/or date nights since it has more of a formal/classy look. The plaid dress is more versatile, in my opinion, and is perfect for wearing out during the day.  The shape of the dresses also really complements curvy body types, as it does allow plenty of room for the chest area and flares out around the waistline.  I would highly recommend these!


