lovely throw back dress. Fit as expected. Very comfortable.... will look for other dresses from this company. Great buy!


Get lots of compliments for it


Absolutely beautiful dress.  The color is a perfect red.  It was most flattering.  Loved the flow of fabric.  The photo did not give this dress justice.  It is really a great style dress.  Going to purchase more colors.


Drea is very cute, comfortable and reasonably made for the price. No regrets. Fabric is not too heavy, not too thin, and has a bit of stretch.


The circle skirt is very full and consequently wasn't flattering on me, but the quality of the dress is just fine and the fit is as well.


Bought this for my daughter for a wedding she had to go to.  Loved the dress it is beautiful!  We put a wide belt on it, with black boots and it was perfect!  You can dress it down or dress it up.  Love it!


I own this dress in black, and love it. I bought a couple prints and sizing seemed inconsistent which isn't totally shocking. The fabric of the prints seen nicer - heavier and sturdier - than the solid black one I own. Very flattering design.


The color is beautiful.  It is a nice heavy stretchy material that doesn't wrinkle which is nice.  I like the small petticoat trim detail on the bottom.  I wish it was 1-2In shorter.  At 5'4" tall, it is slightly too long.  I would buy this dress in multiple colors.  It's easy to wear and can be worn multiple ways to dress up or down.  I know a lot of people said this dress was way too big and to buy a size down.  I bought it in my size and it fits the way I expected it to fit.  The fit is very flattering.


everything except the top of this dress was great.  the length was good, the red was pretty but the top made it look like i had no boobs at all.  this dress might be better is you have bigger boobs but my 32c didn't cut it.


5'7" tall 155. X large fits good could have even gone 1 size down.  very cute great fabric cotton blend with stretch


