This dress is gorgeous and very flattering on. The length was a little longer than I expected...it went down about 5 to 6 inches below my knees and Im5'6 and wore the Xl. Wore it to a wedding and got so many compliments.


I love love love love LOVE this dress! I give it 4 stars tho, only because in the back, where the waist seam crosses the zipper, the stitching has started to come loose. and NO, I did not order a size too small. the dress fits PERFECTLY. I think the stitching just needs to be a little more reinforced in that area.


I got this dress for a wedding this weekend, and I am going to pair my dress with a black petticoat, a wide black belt with silver buckle, and a pair of black peep-toe kitten heels for the perfect look. :)


It fits perfectly and looks perfect on!


Need larger breast to fill out top, beautiful dress.  High quality.,


i truly do love the dress. the material is fantastic. It was a bit too large. and i will have to get the dressed hemmed. But i am 5'1 so thats nothing new. i wear a 36d and im about 150lb. not sure if the small would have been too tight. over all im happy with the dress and would love to purchase from them again.


I sent it back, but not because of anything wrong with the dress. I just didn't like how it looked on me. Fabric has nice stretch and it's light and airy. I would recommend something under it otherwise it doesn't stick out like the picture. The color was a bit more orange than the picture shows, but was pretty close.


Loved The Dress it was a very good fit for me. And I loved the detail that want in to the dress.


Can say enough about the dress. But Thank you


So happy with this dress. Fits like a dream. Ordered down a size and it fits. Perfect dress for a upcoming wedding!! Nice little bit of stretch to it. The zipper does stick a little bit. Would order from this company again. Oh and my sister ordered an xl and it fit her so good too. We are bridesmaids in our moms wedding. Mom loves the style the feel and the way we look in our dresses. You can dress it up and dress it down.


So pretty just what we were looking for. This little dress will be my daughters dress for her wedding reception. Has stretch to the fabric so it's super comfortable


I thought this was never going to be able fit when I pulled it out of the package but the stretch is unbelievable.  It was flattering and comfortable.


