I didn't see a review for the blueviolet yet so I thought I would write one...firstly, this dress is royal purple. There's nothing blue about it. There's also not a tulle layer underneath for this color, like it looks like other colors have. Secondly, the sizing for this is off...I normally take an XL/1X in vintage repro and while the large I ordered in this dress worked for my event, I could have gotten away with a medium. Thirdly, I'm 5'9" and I was debating getting this hemmed, it's tea length on me. This is a cute dress, somewhat modest and will accommodate a pretty puffy petticoat if you want one, but it looks nice without too. The fabric is decent, but nothing special, will need to be dry-cleaned, it's not shiny like a Halloween costume.


Bought this dress for a Christmas party. First of all I have to say I don't wear dresses. As soon as it came, I had to try it on. It did come in a plastic bag so I will need to press it, but it fits just right. It is a heavy stretch material but feels light when worn. I wear a size 14. 5'7 168 lbs. Apple shape body. I was worried about the chest area, I'm a size 38D but it fit perfect. Stretches but doesn't feel like it is binding.The red is a bright red satin. Think of a Christmas tree bulb. Best thing, as soon as I put it on, my husband said I look great in it. I would recommend this dress if your looking for something special to wear and not sure how you will look in it. As soon as I get pictures I will add.


It was a beautiful dress.  I received lots of compliments on it.  I wore a petticoat under it to give it that little extra poof I was looking for.  The added stretch in the fabric gave it that snug feel without all the binding.  It made me want to twirl  ;)


I am in love with this dress! It just came in the mail today and could not wait to wear it!  For reference my measurements are: Bust: 38 DD, Waist: 34, Hips: 42 and I am 5'10" tall. I was nervous if it would fit but it hugs in all the right places and flows in the rest.The XL was perfect. I may have been able to get away with getting a large, but i decided to go with the size I normally get in clothes. The dress falls to just below my knees. The fabric feels nice against my skin. It is thick but very breathable. If you're on the fence about getting the dress, you should get it!


Read the size chart because the sizes they have seem to be from the 1950s I normally where a size 10 dress and had to get the extra extra large. It does fit perfectly though and is a very pretty. The style is classic and can be worn on most occasions. The only reason I give this 4 starts is because the blue that they showed in the picture looked like a deep navy blue and in reality it was a royal blue.


The bust is a little weird, but I am buxom to say the least. I got so many compliments on how it brought out my hourglass shape. I bought it for an opening night party of a show I was in that took place in 1950, and then had so many compliments that I tweaked my accessories and wore it to a gala a month later. Definitely a keeper!


I am 5', 130 lbs and ordered a Medium. I love the color (light sea green) and the style. It fits very well and it was well made.


The fabric is heavier than expected. That means that I will wear it during the cooler months.


Love, Love. Love.  Darling dress. Very cute and well made.  My son said I looked like I walked off the screen from an episode of the Andy Griffith Show.  I miss Mayberry.


This dress is super cute on. A bit modest and the material is heavy but very nice. I'm trying to reach the seller. I missed my return window by two days; traveling out of town. I bought this dress to wear to a wedding later this summer only to discover it is the bridesmaids exact color - AH faux pas! So hopefully someone can help with a return?


This dress is gorgeous! I bought it in red and wow it makes you look and feel like a movie star!! I'd been looking for a 1950s dress & this was the best priced one I could find online and I have to say that it's a bargain compared to other sites online I've looked at. It's way stretchier than I thought. I'm not sure what it's made of exactly but very comfortable and definitely not constricting, you could still be comfortable after eating a large meal in this dress which is not the case with most dresses I've tried. I bought a large which is equivalent to a size 8 U.S. Although I probably could have been able to get away with a smaller size since it is so stretchy. I will definitely be buying multiple colors of this dress!! The pink color reminds me of Anita from west side story. Beautiful dress what more is there to say?


