It's a stretchy material, so that might be why it fit me too loosely, or it may just be I ordered the wrong size. I'm used to wearing an XL and prefer looser clothing but that's not appropriate for this dress. This dress was meant to fit snug, and is flattering for any body type. I'll be buying another in a different color/print for sure.


Beautiful dress! I bought the black one and get compliments every time I wear it, which is often. This has become a staple in my closet this winter.


Lost a star because the hem has a 6-inch section that is not sewn.


I love this dress. I do wish I had looked at the length before purchasing. I am 5'1 and the dress comes halfway down my calves. I wish it was a bit shorter but I love everything else about this dress!


This dress is just lovely I purchased the medium . It has room i wish it were more snug . I may have it taken in a bit  . But i love it


Liked style, but not fabric. Bust a little  big


Love this dress!  I wore it for a Christmas concert, and got the green. Perfect holiday color. I got more compliments on this dress than any other year, and it was the cheapest dress I've worn. If definitely recommend wearing the pettiskirt under it, otherwise, it falls a little flat. Still cute, but falls much better, and creates the shape you want with the extra layer underneath.


Nice dress with a lot of stretch to it (thank goodness!)  The bust is well made and sits where it is supposed to. Depending upon your bust size, this dress shows some serious cleavage.  I wish the sleeves were just a touch longer, they are barely there.  It does really need a petticoat underneath, otherwise there's just too much skirt to the dress.  I bought it for two functions, one dressy, one themed. It's a nice versatile choice.


It was a nice vintage look. I didn't like the material so much but it was okay.


Material is great. It's super flattering and I feel like a 50s doll. I paired with low black heels (any color heel would go well with these) and red lipstick.


I'm 5'2, 130lbs, with 34DD chest and I ordered a medium.


It's a bit long, comes down right above mid-calf.


Beautiful Classic looking dress. I am an A cup so it was just slightly too big in the bust area. It's a shame because it is a great dress!


