I didn't realize that this dress had "spandex" in the material so I liked it because it would basically fit any shape. The zipper wasn't the highest quality and it was tough to get started and came apart. I had to realign it and make the teeth go back together. I washed it once and it immediately looked "old". Probably better to hand wash or dry clean


I wore this with a red belt and black petticoat underneath. The fit was fantastic and the material was comfortable. I ordered a size large which says US 8. I am usually a size 8 or 10. My bra size is 36DD and there was plenty of room in that area.


Wow, I am so impressed with this dress for the money. I needed something FAST for a memorial service, so I bought this in black thinking that I could just get rid of it after one wearing if it didn't work out. Nope! I liked it so much that I went back and bought another in a different color. The stretch of the fabric is comfortable, and the cut of the dress is very flattering for someone who has curves.


I got this for Halloween to dress as a fittys house wife. I am 5'3 and 135, bra 36 DDD, and it was a PERFECT FIT as a medium. I got tons of compliments and will get lots more wear from this lovely dress!


This smelled a bit when I first got it but that was to be expected. A quick wash and it was perfect. The fit was amazing (5'1" and 117 lbs) but it was perhaps a touch too long for my tastes. I wore it without being hemmed either way and got TONS of compliments!


A note: as a small busted woman I'm always worried I won't fill out the tops of these dresses well but this was NOT a problem!! I'm a 30 B and it looked just fine.


LOVE this dress, it's even more comfortable than I expected. The skirt has a beautiful flow when you spin! I purchased this dress on a whim for a classy weekend in the woods and a wedding and the dress was perfect for both. I would recommended this dress to anyone who wants to feel GREAT!


I love wearing this dress so much! I bought it for Dapper Day at Walt Disney World and have worn it many times since then. The fabric is very soft and comfortable, the stretchiness molds well to my body. You will definitely want a petticoat however, and I purchased this one to go with it, which has worked out wonderfully. 


I'm 5'3" and 135 with A cup chest. The medium was too roomy in the chest. The small perfect only because the fabric stretches. This is a nice dress for the price and easy to alter. If you don't like your belly stretching the middle get a large and alter the top at the sides.


I got the wrong dress when this first came. I ordered it for a special event, so I was worried that I wouldn't get the right one in time. I called and they sent it next day mail and I got it on the day of my event so it ended up being fine. I think that the one that I got was a little bit messed up thought, because the folds on the bodice area in the picture look way better than mine did. They were fine on one side, but looked kinda crumpled on the other. I had to wear it that night, but had I not been on a time crunch I probably would have returned it for another. It was a bit deflating.


This dress is so lovely and comfortable. The material is stretchy, so it fits nicely and lays smooth. I'm not used to buying clothes online, so I bought the XL and XXL. I'm 5'2" and wear a 42D; the XL fit very well. I may need to get the top taken up just a little, but I didn't feel too exposed wearing it. It's so flow-y and would be great for a 1950's themed party, though I wore it to a friend's wedding and it was beautiful.


