I absolutely LOVE this dress. I get so many compliments when I wear this. I highly recommend this, you won't be disappointed! Like many have stated above, I paired my dress with a petticoat. It's beautiful either way, but adds that vintage flare with it!


I love this dress. It is styled just like the pictures. The fabrics is awesome and very stretchy and comfortable. The downside is that it tends to cling and show every spot you might wish to keep hidden. It also accentuates what you do want noticed! It does tend to run small so I will be returning for a larger size only. I love this dress!


I absolutely love this dress!!!!! Like many others, I was worried when I bought it since most things are not my size at all. After needing a beautiful black dress immediately for a funeral (sad face) I found this. I will say that had I known it was made out of highly stretchy material I would have ordered a size smaller. But honestly, NO BIGGIE. Seriously, love it. Highly recommend this dress.


I think this is a great dress for this price! i got the 2x and im about 5'2" 300 lbs and it's figure flattering which is hard to find in plus. I've paired it with a blazer for my graduation.


The quality of the fabric is great and the fit is perfect. I am 5' 3' and weigh 125 and wear a 36c and the medium fit perfectly. I bought this for a bridesmaids dress for a friend's wedding but will be buying several more in different colors BC it is awesome.


I wore the white one as my wedding dress. It was perfect. I’m short-waisted so the straps were a little long but easy to adjust. The material is very high quality as is the stitching. It was a dream find at under $40 for a plus size.


Beautiful! Thank you. It did fit a little larger than expected, but only slightly.


The fit for the dress that arrived was as I expected


I ordered the beige (which is more of a peach) but that is what I wanted. I would give this more stars but the fabric is see through at the bust and only a nude bra will do with it. The dress is very flattering and fits well everywhere except it is tight in the bust. I am a size 14 dress and ordered the large, because the bust is tight the fabric does not lay well, but I will probably wear this to some function I have. I recommend it with a belt though!


For my wedding i used the blueviolet (which is a gorgeous deep purple) as my bridesmaids dresses and the white as my wedding dress. They were so pretty!! All my bridesmaids have different body shapes and it was flattering on everyone.


