Beautiful color, and a good heavy material. The stitching is a little rough, it wrinkles easily, and the skirt hits lower than I would like (several a few inches below the knee on my 5'4" frame). However, it is a very flattering cut, and I received numerous compliments the first time I wore it.


I usually wear a size 18 so I bought this in a XXL. The material is a bit stretchy and very forgiving so I probably could have done a XL, but I'm still happy with it. Very comfortable and looks so nice on! Can't wait to wear it for my party!!


Beautiful color, great fabric, love the style.  But on me, I didn't wear the cap shoulder well, made my arms look funny.  I returned this for the short sleeve and it is perfect.


Love this dress. I'm a size eight with big bust and the large fits fine. The cut of the dress is flattering to almost any figure. I usually wear it with a crinoline.  I bought this in a few colors.  I never fail to get tons of compliments when I wear this dress.


The fabric is good quality, nice and heavy. It's wearable in the summer, but it's not too light to wear in the fall and winter with a pair of tights.


This dress is beautiful! The fabric is a bit on the stretchy side and thicker than I was expecting, which I like. My daughter is a size 5/6 and the small fits her perfectly and she says it is very comfortable. We are very happy with this purchase.


At 5'9  with a 34D bust and 130lbs, the medium was a perfect fit for me.


The material feels just  delicious on my body . I'll be ordering more colours.


Very very pleased with this purchase.


The dress is really nice, the stitching is beautiful, the material is really soft and it fits very well across my bust. The only problem I have with the dress is that it is extremely long on me. I am 5 feet tall and weigh roughly 105 pounds so while the dress is a good fit it, however, goes past my knees by around 4 inches. I can easily hem the dress since I know how. If you're below 5'5'' and don't know how to hem a dress then you will need to spend extra $$ for alternations.


OMG!  Everyone I came in contact with the day I wore this dress had a comment about how pretty it was, even strangers...GET THIS DRESS!  So flattering and feminine, but sexy at the same time.  LOVE IT!!


I would like to say I really love this dress, I too had to re order for a size larger then I normally buy. But I love the dress. I was also very pleased with the service on both with receiving and returning . I had no trouble in doing so. Will shop with you again in the future I'm sure. Thank you


just got this. I bought a small based on other reviews that it runs small. It does not run small. It is high waisted, and quite snug. I can usually wear a 4 or a 6 in a dress.


