This dress was perfect for my holiday party. The fabric is stretchy! Think of a heavy rayon. I don't know why the ad says cotton - it definitely is not. But the stretch makes the dress so comfortable. I'm 5'3" and a 34DD bust (about 180 pounds) and I found the XL to be just a little too big. Had I the time, I would have exchanged it for the L. I am wearing an additional (very small) crinoline in this photo to add a little fullness to the bottom of the skirt.


For fabric quality at this price point, MUXXN can't be beat. This dress is beautiful! It has a lovely, weighty fabric with just enough stretch to hug you in all the right places. I've been looking for a dress in violet purple to wear in a wedding. This one almost made the cut, but unfortunately, in the end it wasn't quite formal enough. The color was the lovely deep purple I was looking for though. I will likely revisit this dress down the road when I inevitably need a new dress for a party or social gathering.


I have a 35" bust and a 29" waist. The medium fit well. I believe the top would have fit me better in a small, but I'm not sure if it would have been too tight in the middle. Either way, the medium definitely would have worked had I opted to keep the dress.


The full, round skirt just begs to be paired with a petticoat, so consider adding one if you're going to purchase this dress. I have a 26" petticoat from Amazon that I stick under just about every swing dress I purchase.


This dress is very pretty, I love that the polka dots are actually small hearts! It's very flattering, however I couldn't zip it up. Turns out I was sent the wrong size which is kind of a bummer. I'm really excited for when they send the correct one because I'm really looking forward to wearing this dress.


Edit: I received the correct size and the difference between the medium and the large is kind of ridiculous. The skirt on the medium fell just an inch below my knee, the skirt on the large hits an inch above my ankle! The waist of the large falls at my belly button and the only thing that it does correctly that the medium didn't was zip up the back. It's an adorable enough dress that I will keep it but it will need incredible alterations to fit me.


Oh my gosh! This dress is amazing! It has great fabric, and got here so quick!


I ordered a M (I wear anywhere between a 4 and 6 depending on the company) and I could have stuck with a small. Lucky for me I have a seamstress friends who will take it in for me!


Love this so much!


The only complaint I had was the dress came with a WEIRD smell, and the folds at the top were smushed. I couldn't find the original creases to iron them back in, which was disappointing. The image is hard to use as a reference to put the folds back in, so now I just have a dress that smells funky and the top is odd looking due to smushed folds. I may not have bought this had I known the preferred washing was dry-clean only, but that could have been bad reading on my part.


I cannot even begin to tell you how good this dress makes me feel.  Like Audrey Hepburn-esque.  And the stretch in it makes it fit so perfectly.  I have worn this dress twice -- once to a concert and once to a wedding -- and I have received more compliments on it than I think I've ever received in my life.  I wear it with a petticoat underneath, and it is stunning.  I am tall -- 5'8'', and curvy -- 175, with a large bust -- 36F, and the XL fits absolutely perfectly.  Honestly, I have considered ordering one in every color and making this my everyday look, it is that good. If you have a desire to feel like the sexiest 1950s lady ever, buy it.  Trust me.


I got the black one as it's the only color that ships to my country. I am a US6 and got a small. It fits just nice, but I wish my bust was fuller. My boobs just didn't fill the chest area much enough, even though they were bigger than the stated bust measurements for Small. Therefore, it will accomodate chest sizes much bigger than the stated measurements.


Just make sure your waist size more or less fit the stated waist measurements unless you don't mind showing your fats.


The only thing I didn't like was the overhanging tulle panel at the hem. It kinda makes the skirt look cheap but fear not, it's possible to remove it.


Overall... great dress, perfect outfit for everyday wear. Don't forget the petticoat as well.


This dress is awesome!  I have one from another seller that is a thicker fabric blend with a bit of crinoline at the bottom, but this one still rocks!  It's got a good amount of stretch, but I try to avoid really tight thing so read your measurements carefully if you're like me. :) I'm 5'8" 128lbs, small worked like a charm!


Size:  After reading the reviews, I ordered a large, which is perfect.  I typically wear a size 12, as I am rather curvy, with a large chest, small waist, and curvy hips.


I bought the green, and I love the color and the fit.  The fabric is soft and flows well over my body.  I have not washed it yet, but plan on using the delicate wash cycle with Woolite for darks, and the damp dry dryer cycle.


The seams are well sewn, with no loose threads, and no visible skipped stitches.  I will be buying from MUXXN again, as I love saving money without sacrificing quality.


I read reviews pertaining to size and quality before ordering. All of the clothes I own are size 12 or size 14, thus I figured a large would fit good. I am 5'6" and weigh 160#. The quality of the item was great..but, I couldn't even zip it up all of the way and the arm holes dug in my arm pits. I am going to reorder as it will be perfect for Christmas. Hopefully it will get here in time. I was very excited when I found dresses in this style and plan on buying more. Please don't listen to people who say to size down. I am sending my dress back tomorrow and hope to be able to write a splendid review once the larger one arrives.


