Fits as expected. I am 5'3" and this came about mid calf. Super cute with heals. I usually order a 4 in dresses and I bought a Small. It fit perfectly. I wish I had a photo to share but I wore this to graduation and kept my gown on due to the cold weather. The fabric is heavy which I prefer to cheep fabric. It feels very well made. Zips up the back. Very classic dress that will never go out of style.


This dress is great! The ONLY con that I can think of is that there is a seam that goes down the front of the skirt. In a perfect world, that wouldn't be there, but it really isn't noticeable because of the twirlyness of the skirt.


This will be perfect to wear to the wedding this weekend!


ADORE this dress. Added a petticoat underneath for additional flare. Love it!! Great style, flattering, LOVE the material too. A little heavier weight as well, but I didn't find that bothersome.


Great for full figured women  I have large bust line and stomach pouch. Hides stomach and flattering. Well made.  190 lbs. 5'8 1/2".  XXL fits perfect.


Arrived quickly and fit perfectly! This dress is quite nice... the material is nice, and the dress is flattering!


I originally ordered my "typical" size, and ended up having to return it because it was so large on my that it wasn't even flattering. If you're in any way in the middle of sizes or unsure, I'd recommend going DOWN a size. With the fabric being very stretchy, even a wide error in your measurements will likely be forgiven.


The dress itself is very cute, a fun and classy length. I sort of expected it to be very cheap construction and what not, but I am happily surprised. Absolutely worth the money, and exactly what I was looking for. Now to collect all the colors!


Image vs reality: The first thing I noticed was that the dress was a bright cherry red instead of the darker red in the image. There is also a seam that runs right down the center front from the waist to the bottom, which I couldn't see in the image and looks a bit odd. It was fairly wrinkled from being packaged, but I would suspect those would come out if you hung it in the bathroom while taking a shower.


Material: The material is soft and very stretchy (almost too stretchy for this style?) and the tag says Rayon 65%, Cotton 30%, and Spandex 5%. The care instructions on the other tag state: wash by hand, do not put in dryer, no chlorine rinse, hang out to dry, recommend dry cleaning. There is also about 5" of netting-like material (same as like a petticoat) at the bottom, which looks cute.


Fit: I'm 5'3" and measure 39" 32" 41". After looking at the sizing information in the description, I decided to get the X-Large. When I tried it on, the waist fit almost perfectly, the bust was just slightly too large for me and the length came down to mid calf, so I think (given my measurements) the sizing description was pretty spot on and it fit well as expected.


Quality: The material just seems too stretchy for this style of dress--almost like a bathing suit, and made me feel like it could easily be stretched out of shape. The zipper worked fine but it was one of those dainty styles that I could see breaking quickly. My biggest is the stitch quality. Normally, I'd never notice something like that, but it's like they made the dress, had someone 4 sizes bigger try it on and stretch it out, and then shipped it; the seams look like they were stressed too much. I also found a lot of stray threads and some careless thread jumbles all over.


I'll be returning it and looking for something better.


This dress is absolutely gorgeous. For anyone with a larger chest, this dress will accentuate what your mama gave you without giving away the whole show for free. The flare at the bottom is flirty and perfect for swing dances or anything like that. this particular color (green) would be a fantastic holiday outfit. I wouldn't recommend this dress for casual wear as it is certainly an occasion dress. It's a bit longer than I expected, hitting me (5'10) a little past the knees. If you're shorter than that, you might have a ballgown on your hands. That being said, the item is of good quality fabric and arrived quickly.


The top looked like it was not going to fit but the fabric stretches and fits perfectly. Swings very nicely (just be sure to wear shorts underneath if you plan to twirl it)


Purchased four of these for the bridesmaids in our daughters wedding. Very flattering regardless of body type. They are great! They do have a lot of stretch to them and run a little big. If in doubt on your size I would go down one. Lays nice as they are but will be ordering the petticoat slips for them to give them some fullness. I found the color to be true red.


