I'm small chest and the small was too big in the boob area. I could easily pull the dress on and off without undoing it. The quality is nice and length is good (I'm 5'6)


The fabric of this dress is stretchy and thick, I was pleasantly surprised! I measure 36" chest, 31" waist 5'10", I ordered a MEDIUM and it was perfect.  Skirt hits below the knee.  Make sure to get a petticoat for a fluffy skirt effect.


I bought this in "beige" which is light salmon pink, true to the colors on my screen thank goodness. The mesh you see at the bottom is thin, so I got a white petticoat to fluff this dress up. It feels like a rough cotton blend; it came in wrinkly, but no worries as it's easy care (machine wash cold delicate, able to be ironed...) I am looking forward to wearing this at my niece's wedding this summer!


Delivery was SO quick. I got it in less than 3 days, even when ordering on a holiday. The dress itself is PERFECT - true to size (for me) maybe even a bit big in the bust (which is where I thought it may be tight!) if you're thinking idk maybe I'll keep looking. Don't keep looking. Buy it. Now. You won't regret it! I'm wearing this to a shoreline wedding and definitely work after that! Also buying like 3 more. That good people, that good.


Extremely cute old fashioned "party dress" on my 25 year old daughter. Bought the green color for my redhead, which looks great! Retro styling is a real head turner. Inexpensive. Doubt it will last, and needs to be pressed before wearing as it takes up wrinkles, but SO worth it for the price.


I ordered a RED dress and purchased it according to the sizing chart.  Normally I would wear an XL due to 36DD, but really I should have gone with a large since it runs a little big-  I didn't even have to upzip it to put it on.  But I will most likely purchase this dress in more colors, it's that cute!  I love how thick the fabric is and how stretchy.  I believe this is a good cut for most figures (I'm apple shaped).  Very high quality and the color is VERY bright, which I love!  It should also be mentioned that I am 5'8" and this dress goes past my knees.  Something to take into consideration if you're petite.


I bought one of these dresses in dark green a few months ago and absolutely LOVED it, so I purchased another one in the exact same size but a different color (blue/white print). Unfortunately, the sizes and materials are not the same between solid colors and prints! The green one was made from a beautiful, soft fabric. It was a little loose around the shoulders on me, but otherwise fit nicely and was very flattering. The print one, on the other hand... I couldn't even zip it up! So if you're planning on buying one of the prints, I would definitely recommend going up a size just in case.


I was so excited about this dress. I didn't know what size to buy so I bought an XL and one XXL. I wear 16/18. I couldn't wait to try them on.  Both dresses are the EXACT same size...and snug. If the XXL had been any bigger than the XL it would have been great.  I got the rose which is really closer to hot pink and I got the green which is also beautiful. Tree leaf green. Close to Kelly.  Sadly I will be sending them back.


This dress looks great. I bought a small (in the navy blue color) since I usually fit a 6 dress size. It did come with a small tear in the seam next to the zipper but nothing a few stitches can’t mend.  The bust/shoulder area feels like it fits a bit larger in proportion to the waist, which feels a bit on the tight side, but it’s not uncomfortable and nothing feels like it’s falling out (or looks like it’s falling out).  Besides, the whole dress is made out of a very stretchable, forgiving fabric. I bought a 26 inch crinoline underskirt with it and love the retro look.


I'm in love with the dress itself BUT it has it's problems. The waist fit pretty good just a little big. On the other hand the chest area I could fit two of me in. Not sure how large you are expected to be when you order above the M. The length is great if you plan on wearing a petticoat or three. ( They just don't make petticoats with enough "fluff")


