Arrived in the scheduled 2 days.  The color looks just as described.  The sizing was kind of iffy.  We first ordered an X-Large for my daughter as per the specified sizing chart provided by the company (not the Amazon chart.)  While the dress fit, there was so much stretch to it that we felt a smaller size would hug her body a little more thus being a little more flattering.  Before returning the original dress, we ordered a Large so we could compare.  Once again it came in 2 days. When I opened the package it contained a Medium.  (My order was definitely for a Large so they sent the wrong size.)  She went ahead and tried on the Medium.  It fit great!  We went ahead and returned the X-Large and there was no issue getting a refund and a shipping label.  My daughter has more of a swimmer's build with broad shoulders.  She is 5' 4 1/2", weighs 150 lbs., bust 39", waist 32 1/2", and shoulder's 16 1/2".  The pleats across the bust want to open slightly (same for both sizes) so I think it just needs to be pressed.  It's a very nice dress for a great price.


Love this dress! The length is perfect (just past the knee), the sleeves are kind of shorter then the picture shows, but the color is great, and I love the flair skirt. I feel like i'm five again when I where this dress! I wear a size 8 and I got the M and it fits great, I love the stretchy material and the thickness of the whole outfit, I don't need a slip.


I bought this dress to wear in a wedding I'm standing in and am so happy with it!


The fabric feels great - smooth, not cheap. It's got a bit of stretch to it, but not so much that it loses it's shape. Just enough to be comfortable and have some nice *give* to it without being too loose. I bought this in "blueviolet" and the color is deep and rich. Really lovely.


I was worried about the shape of the bust as something with that much definition built into the dress can end up looking weird if you're even slightly larger or smaller than what it's designed to fit. Now that I'm wearing it, though, I can see that it would lay nicely if I filled it less, and would stretch well if I needed more space. So as long as you're getting a size that's right for your body in general, the bust on this is probably going to work just fine for most bodies.


The hidden zipper up the back is a great small detail that I wouldn't have thought of, but really appreciate having. It makes the back of the dress look so much nicer than an exposed zipper. As for the rest of the back of the dress - it's covered all the way up to my neck, and doesn't have any weird wide open arm holes or anything, so between those two features of the back of the dress, I can wear any bra or shapewear I want and it won't show.


The neckline in front is low enough to look cute, but not so low you'll have trouble feeling like you're going to fall out of it, or have trouble finding a bra to go with it. (Though you'll probably want to aim for a demi cup or something similarly low as the neck line is somewhat wide. Not *overly* wide, just wide enough that a maximum coverage bra will probably show.)


I usually wear a size 10/12 (38/40 B, 32" waist) and bought this in an XL and the fit is perfect. With the slight stretch to the fabric, I can see this being a great fit for size 14s as well. The length without an sort of petticoat under neath came to 2" below my knee (I'm 5'6").


I showed it to my mom and she loved it. Wanted to feel the fabric because it looks so nice, complimented me on the shape of it, the fit. We both love it!


It's a great price, it's a really nice dress, and it comes in fun colors. Find your size and go for it! Do it do it do it!!! :D


I LOVE this dress! and this is coming from someone who only wears a dress to weddings. After looking online I came across this and just loved it right away. I knew I had to get it. it got here in 3 days from the day I ordered it. Very fast and FREE shipping! I went a size down with what other people were saying that its super stretchy. Im glad I did.. fits great, might even could have gone down another size. I bought a black belt to go with it, it really enhances the dress even more..  I also bought a petticoat to go with it, (havnt received it yet) but it looks great even with out one.. I might be buying another one in black. Love it!!


I just received my dress. Which I order in white and a petticoat to wear with.


{Tidetell Vintage Women's 50s Rockabilly Tutu Skirt 26" Length...} I bought to take some photos on my 5th wedding anniversary since we eloped and never took any photos.


First it was late by 2 days. It was shipped out of Tennessee for FL delivery, and I suspect the severe weather was the cause of delay.


On the cons, it is a 4 panel skirt with a seam straight down the middle. It is visible in the photos now that I look closer but had I realized how obvious it was in person I would've chosen something else for my photos. With the petticoat it doesn't seem as noticeable. It's definitely more on the casual side.


If I saw this in a store I would pass because of the seam, at least in white. Maybe in a color or print I'd get it.


The material is thin, not paper thin but I can see where my petticoat waistband is.


As a woman with large breasts it is a bit confining, which gives me a hunched over look.


I ordered an XL, I wear a 16-18 typically. The dress fits well and has stretch to it like a jersey cotton.could be roomier in the bust, so if you are ok with tailoring get a larger size and have it taken in if you're bigger on top.


Also it's dry cleaning recommended. Hand wash hang to dry. I suspect it'll shrink up like crazy based on material.


Of the pros,the dress does look as pictured.  It is flattering to a small waist, or pear/hourglass shape.


The material is very comfortable.


The sewing is very good, no poor work to be seen.


I bought the "Beige" it's not at all beige but a lovely peachy pink, just like the picture. The dress is very comfortable and the fabric very stretchy. It's so stretchy that I don't need the zipper to put it on. I love the fullness of the skirt, it swings beautifully. This is an amazing dance dress. The cut is flattering. I washed it in the machine and it came out fine.


I wear a size 6/8 and ordered a medium. It's fairly loose on me but I'm not sure a small would be the right size. It just seems to run a little larger.


This is a lovely dress, and very flattering. I bought it in black. It is made in China, and when I saw that, my first concern was that it would smell of chemicals, as that is my experience with a LOT of the clothes that are made in China. However, this did not have a chemical odor. My one complaint (and why it is 4 stars instead of 5) is that it is quite heavy. I ordered it thinking it would make a good travel dress, and I think it would pack well, but given how heavy it is (and the fact that I like to pack as light as possible) I probably won't be travelling with this. I haven't worn it on a hot day, but I'm also concerned that the heavy weight of the fabric might make it uncomfortable in the heat.


I ended up returning this dress because it arrived well after the event I had planned to wear it to, but I still wanted to try it on, just so I could review it.


This dress was very inexpensive, and for good reason; it is not a high-quality dress. The fabric is very stiff, has that weird slick-but-still-grippy feeling of cheap acrylic. That white panel on the back of the dress shown in the photo is actually the entire inside of the dress. It has rough seams, it does not hang on the body like it does in the photo, and the skirt is too long... turning this "maybe cute" dress into a "Mom" dress.


Poor build quality, weird stiff and itchy fabric... I'm glad I was able to return it.


I absolutely loved my dress!! I followed the size chart and it was a perfect fit! Adding the petticoat gave it extra flare!


I bought this dress for a museum opening.  I am on the friends' board for the museum and as such was one of the event's "hosts".  I wanted to look nice, understated but not plain.  I bought this dress and an underskirt 


 to give it body with my fingers crossed.  It was such a good price I was skeptical about quality, and buying an unfamiliar brand on line is always a gamble because companies use such different sizing, but I was very happy with my purchase.  Quality was very good, with nicely sewn seams and over all good construction.  The fabric is heavy with a nice drape.  I typically wear a size 4-6 but I ordered a Medium (8-10) based on bust measurements and not wanting it to be tight at all. I think I could have sized down and been fine because it was a teeny bit large in the shoulders, but over all it was fine.  I loved the length.  I'm 5'6" and it hit just below my knee.  It was a very flattering cut.  Many, many people complimented me in it.  I'm sure I'll find another event  for this one, because I want to wear it again.


