This dress was a bit more orange color than I expected.  It is nicely made and the size was perfect.  Quite a pretty 40-50's looking style.  I am not going to send it back because I am sure there will be a friend who would be happy to wear it to the upcoming "Senior-Senior Prom" we are attending.


OMG This dress is perfection!  I was really worried but wanted to give it a shot.  I bought it with a black petticoat and it's pure adorable! The fit on my chest is great (I am apple shaped so it's unusual for something to fit me this well!) and even on my 5'8 height, it looks great!  Highly recommend!


I love the quality of this dress. Unfortunately I ordered a size up in this as most pinup dresses run small. I am between a size 14 and a 16 with a dd chest so I got an XXL and it is a tad bit big. I should have went with the XL. I plan on ordering another color of this and will stick to their chart and order a xl or maybe even a L. Super stretchy and comfy. Again, my suggestion is to order your true size and it will fit you. This is one you do not have to order up on.


It was to big, didn't fit right. I am 5'4 and it was to long. The fabric wasn't my style either. A little bit heavy and thick. I do not need anything to make me look thick! Also, the bodice was bulky looking on me.


Beautiful dress, looks are deceiving because I did not know it would look so good. Only issue it’s hard to iron because of the material but I love it anyway


I think the neckline was too deep for my liking. The product looks worthy of its price. Don't expect a wonderful quality for such a price.


Use the size chart they give. The dress is a bit loose, but the next size down I'm sure would be too small. I ordered the dress in green and the color was fairly close though just a bit lighter than the image shown. I'm happy with the quality, but if you really want the extra flare, ou really do need a petticoat under it, which are easy to find and fairly inexpensive on Amazon.


Adorable dress, i am 5ft 4in tall and the dress fell below my knee which i like. The material is stretchy but kinda thick. I typically wear a size 14 in pants so i bought the XL, fits perfectly, enough room for me to put a petticoat under. The color is beautiful! Perfect dress to dress up in or even dress casual.


I bought this dress for my birthday.  It arrived on time just as expected and when I tried it on it fit amazing. It is very stretchy material. The only thing that I will say is if you have big boobs they will be front and present ALL NIGHT!  It isn't poufy but I figured because it seems you have to buy the skirt for that separate.  I recommend this for those a little heavier.  It does give you this nice outline.  And boosted my confidence on my birthday.


Love, love, love this dress! Fits well and looks great. Should work for any body shape. I'm 5'2, but the length is fine. You can wear this without a petticoat, but I think it accentuates your waist as being smaller by wearing one. Follow the size chart and you won't be disappointed.


