I'll start by saying I'm 5'7", 140 lbs, 34C. A lot of the reviews were from women larger than I am, so I wasn't sure what sort of body type it would work for. That being said...


This dress saved me for a last minute wedding. I recently had a baby and didn't want anything to accentuate what was left of my belly. I did end up buying a shaper to wear underneath. The fabric was not too heavy for the summer, but not too flimsy that it didn't hold me in. I was extremely comfortable all night, was not worried about any "wardrobe malfunctions" and cannot say enough good things about this! I did end up cutting the mesh trim off of the bottom - it made it seem cheap to me, but a small alteration that took about 15 seconds and a pair of scissors.


Very happy, would definitely buy again.


I bought this with my husband's account, and I love it!! It fits me like a glove and is really cute and classy looking. I wore it to my cousin's bat mitzvah, and I received a lot of compliments. I would say to ignore the size chart though, since according to it I should have been a larger size than I ordered. I read the reviews and bought a large, and I really don't think it could have fit me any more perfectly than it did. For reference, I'm usually a size 10/12, have a 34 inch waist, and I'm quite busty (a US 36G/UK 36F), and it could probably even accommodate a slightly larger bust since it's pretty stretchy. The fabric is nice, and it seems to be well made. I bought a black petticoat to give it some extra poof, and it worked perfectly! I plan on buying many more MUXXN dresses. If you're thinking of buying this dress, do it!!


Love the color and the fabric and the style. Based on reviews, I got a size smaller than I would have based on the measurements. And it still had plenty of give, especially in the bust area.  I would recommend a petticoat for underneath to show off the fullness! Can't wait to wear it again! One thing I will note, it does wrinkle pretty easy.


I got this to fill out the skirt amd was very pleased


http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GZ1M9P2?ref_=cm_cr-mr-img


I love this dress! Another reviewer said size 10 needs a medium and they were right! I have a classic pear shaped body and this style compliments it nicely. The fabric is slightly stretchy so the dress is accommodating for different body types. The length is a little below my knee and I am 5 7".


LOVE THIS DRESS!  I never order clothes online because I don't like to return if they don't fit.  I got it, opened it, loved the color, and felt like good quality.  Then came the test of trying it on...  I couldn't believe it, I zipped it up and fit like a glove!  It was like it was meant just for me.


It was beautiful! I will be purchasing more!


This dress is a dream! It's stunning and comfortable. Unheard of, right?! I received compliments galore and felt like a million bucks wearing it. It's got stretchy material that hugs your curves just right. I have a smaller bust so it was loose there but no real complaints about that. I ordered red which is a beautiful rich ruby color which is very flattering for most any complexion. This dress will flatter most any figure as well. I highly recommend it and will probably buy another color.


It is very difficult for me to find clothing to fit my size and shape. I am between a size 2 and 4  because my waist is small but my Bust is a 34D.  I ordered the size small and absolutely LOVE the look and feel of the material and fit of this dress!  The waist is still a bit large however I am used to taking to a seamstress or with this style add a belt and instant fit. I am very happy with my purchase. I also purchased the slip to go under it to add flair.  Add pearls and instant Jackie O feel! Classy style for any occasion.  If you don't mind NOT blending with the crowd...this is the dress for you.


The dress was definitely well made and I ordered a size down as suggested by other reviewers. I returned it, though, becuase it simply wasn't the style I was looking for. It was a beautiful dress and very 50's, like Mrs. Cleaver or Donna Rede or I Love Lucy style. If that's the look your going for, then this is thr dress for you.


I was so excited about this. It had excellent reviews and when it came it I jumped for joy. Until I opened the package. First, it's packaging made it wrinkled, which I could easily iron, but it was a slight annoyance. When I unfolded it completely, to my horror, the zipper was already busted. Zipped half way up and broken. Hadn't even tried it on. Well, I fixed it kind of by zipping it back down, which worked until I tried it on and same thing happened. Fit was nice, but I'm disappointed in the state I received the dress in.


