I love this dress. It fit perfect. I am 5'4", 180 lbs, 36dd, 30" waist, 43" hip. I wore a petty coat under the dress, but it looked nice both ways.  I wore it as a bridesmaid dress and recieved several complements on the fit and style.


Adorable!!  Picked this up for my daughter to wear at a dance.  Not too frilly for her taste [getting her to wear anything dressier than new sneakers can be challenging] and I just love the tiny bit of extra flair at the hem.  It just adds that bit of flirt that a dress for dancing should have.


Love it!!


i love it


Nice material, just too much of it. Not my stule


Great dress. The material is a little stretchy soit has a little give to it but not so much that it looks stretched out. I love the way it looks and feels.


I bought this dress to wear to my casual wedding reception. I bought both the red and black colors. The fabric is a little heavier than I expected but my expectations were quite low so this is a good thing!


They fit as expected. I am between a US8 and 10, I bought a M and they fit perfectly. The fabric has some stretch so it is pretty forgiving. I will be adding a petticoat to pouf the skirt a bit. Overall, I am pretty happy.


Buy this dress!  Then buy a petticoat! This dress makes me look amazing!  I am 5'8"  140lbs, (32DDx29x39) in good shape, and typically wear size 6/8. I bought the medium and it is not at all snug but I think the small would be too tight on me. The dress is made of a heavier weight stretch fabric that holds it's shape without clinging. The hem has a 3/8" trim of tulle stitched to the bootom on the underside of the hem that gives the illusion of an exposed petticoat (it can be easily cut off if one doesn't like the look). This is a decently made but very flattering dress for the price!


I bought this dress for my Christmas party and I loved it! The material is stretchy so I had no problems with the chest area. I ordered a xl and wear a 38D. It was a bit longer than expected but I still loved it. I ordered it on a Monday and received it by Saturday. Overall I was very impressed with the service and the product. I will be ordering more dresses in the future.


Nice dress for the price! I needed a 1950's style green dress for a wedding I am a bridesmaid in, and this dress was perfect. The seam running down the front is visible but it doesn't look terrible, actually. I doubt most people would notice it. I ordered an XL based on my measurements but it was too big. I could have easily ordered a L, especially since the material is pretty stretchy. Instead I just had it taken in.


