Loved the dress! Wore it to 2 weddings already and got tons of compliments, I wore white tulle underneath to prop the dress up. Only bad thing about it was the front stitching started to come out near the chest area the 2nd time I wore it. Should be a quick fix to sew. Everything else about the dress is perfect though!


I wore this for my wrong ceremony and couldn't of been happier! It fit perfect and the quality of the dresses are amazing! I even ended up ordering a different styled dress for my maid of honor and she loved it as well!


I ordered my dress for my sisters wedding, and it is perfect! I love my dress and can't wait to wear it, it has a little stretch and I was able to fit perfectly into the medium. It came in plenty of time, and the color (navy blue) was spot on from the pictures. The pleats on the chest are off, but that is fixable. I am very happy with this product!


Super cute and very comfortable material


Very flattering and comfortable. Would buy again.


Longer than expected, which is what I was hoping for. I am 5'8" and the dress fell to about 4 inches below my knees. The material is slightly heavy duty and seems like it will hold up for a long time. Overall, it fit like a dream.


I look so good in this dress


I read through HUNDREDS of these reviews before i bought this dress and I'm so thankful I made the choice to buy! I ordered the LG by the sizing chart provided and it fit perfectly! The fabric is stretchy and heavier than I expected for such a low priced dress. I bought it in white for my wedding since it's not super formal. Buy this dress- you won't regret it!


Quality is good for price as stated in other reviews. The dress is a little longer than I expected probably because I'm short (5'-0"). Would be nice on someone taller (>5'-4").


I received this five days after the expected delivery date. This is understandable since it is shipped overseas. Should factor an extra week if you need this for a specific date.


I really liked this dress, but there was too much fabric on the bottom. One or three pleats in would have made it perfect. With slimmer calves, it looked a little silly.


