This dress is absolutely adorable!  I also purchased a sequined crop jacket to go with this, as well as a 'petticoat' to go under the dress in the basic same color.  The outfit is just perfect!  Highly recommend this maker for their dresses.


My daughter fell in love with this dress and it fit perfectly on her.  She's typically a size 6 and the medium was just right. Great coverage and nothing hangs or pops out. Hits just below the knee.


Lovely dress; really needs a crinoline underneath to look right.  Material holds up well, but has a "cheap" feel to it.  I was able to deal with that and received a ton of compliments while wearing it.  And for the price, it wasn't bad at all.


I think it's beautiful and I love the design. I'm 5'4" and not exactly leggy, so it's a bit long for me, but it's still super cute. It's a nice, light fabric that gives a good amount of stretch in the torso. I would pair it with a crinoline that matches the length for a fuller skirt.


I absolutely love this dress! However I am 36, 28, 32 and ordered a large because of the bust and it's somewhat too big. The fabric has more stretch than I expected but I am returning and exchanging for a smaller size... Definitely well worth the purchase!!


Beautiful dress--delightful to wear! The material is not exactly high-quality, but it is strong. It does not wash well, however. The folded/rouched bust area has lost some of its definition after a few washings. It's really fun to wear with a petticoat!


I love it but wish I had ordered a size bigger. It shows my back flub more than I would like.  just wear a shrug sweater over it.


The sleeves are elastic. So they are all bunched up and not capped sleeves at all. It has white polka dots all over it, even though it is shown as a solid yellow dress. It also has these huge ugly button things on the front. Not what I was expecting. Bummed because I do not have time to get a different one. Not happy with this purchase.


the large was not right ordered XL just fine.... was nice..... heavy material good for fall, did like the dress.


Amazing fit for curvy women


