This is a beautiful dress, however the stretchy material doesn't allow for a fit snug around my waist. I bought a size small and there is a good two inches of extra space on the waist that I am considering taking in. I was also hoping the dress would be shorter, but the length is ok. I fear that it might look like I am going to a funeral, but it is elegant and classy and, very Audrey Hepburn with a short cardigan and heels. My only wish is that it was a bit smaller and a bit shorter.


I had to buy a read dress for a wedding. I'm always scared of cheap dresses online but this one was great! The fabric is actually thick so it's not showing off everything. The only issue I had is that my breast is normal size... so I had to get a bra with padding. So I would not recommend it to someone that have a really small cup bra, it will look weird. However I really loved that dress!


Ordered four of these for my bridesmaids last fall, and they were all PERFECT! They were very affordable, and can be worn again either casually or formally!  All my friends loved them, and were very pleased that they were cheap (but not cheaply made) and they would be able to get more than one use out of them. I got a different style for my maid of honor, and REGRETTED it immensely!  I should have just ordered this dress for her as well.  I also ordered this in black last week for myself to wear for my college graduation and white coat ceremony.  It was also perfect!  I can't wait to wear it to my event!


After pining for this dress for several months I finally made the purchase. Dress is beautiful, but the top is not conducive to larger-chested women, as the design cut through the lower portion of my 36DD chest. I had purchased a larger sized dress hoping to avoid this, alas I did not. Dress arrived quite wrinkled, but was fairly easily ironed. Would recommend going up 2 sizes for larger busted ladies and staying at one's true size if bust is average to smaller sized.


It will look a lot better if I lost 5 lbs. I ordered a L(12-14).  It fits more like a 12 than a 14. I just tried on 40 dresses at Macy's yesterday. I'm 5'8 180lbs. 38C. I was hoping to wear it to an August wedding but I think it might be too hot.  The fabric is a heavy stretch crepe that will hold in the heat, especiallly since it fits snug through the bust and waist.


Very nice dress. I wear a size 4 and got the small. I definitely recommend. I think it'd be flattering on lots of body types.


I LOVE this dress!! I ordered it according to the sizing chart for my size (18W) and used it to dress up as Belle from Beauty And The Beast. It was a decently bright blue just like I wanted for Belle. I was happily surprised when I put it on that it's a little stretchy and fit great. It has a little fake blue underlining but it only goes up under the dress about 5 inches from the bottom hem. I wore the dress for about 9 hours dressed up and it was very comfortable all the way through. I'm considering buying a couple more of this in other colors and will probably make this my dress I wear for Christmas.


My dimensions are 35-28-38, and I ordered a SMALL based on reviews, which fit nicely. It is a bit short through the shoulders, but I have that issue with a lot of dresses. Be prepared to iron/steam this dress as the other reviews said. I'm 5'5" and the skirt falls a few inches below my knees. The emerald color is a beautiful, rich green.


I love this dress so much! First off, I'm 5'4, 150 lbs and have a 36D bust. (To me, measurements always help in reviews so you kinda relate to where you are size wise with the reviewer.) I was afraid that the medium would be tight, but it fits really well and is even a little loose in the waist so it's not skin tight. The skirt is full and has a great shape, too. The dress is just really well-made.


This is a beautiful dress. I was a little worried about buying a dress online, but this one has exceeded by expectations. The fabric is nice and stretchy. The "Beige" color is more like a coral which is what I wanted. I'm 5'4" and a size 38DD, I bought the XL and it fits perfectly. The skirt is below the knees which is what I was wanting. I love that you can dress this up or dress it down. I would definitly recommend this one to anyone who is looking for a cute summer dress. :)


