I used the manufacturer size chart instead of the Amazon chart. Nice material, feels good & comfy. I feel this might run a little small for most. I ordered a size larger because of the chart.


5'9", 4 on top, 6 on bottom.


this is a hair big on my 34A bust, but not a dealbreaker.


nice fabric with some stretch.


true to color.


will need to buy a separate petticoat for the flared look.


This is the first review I have ever written for something I have purchased on amazon. This dress is just lovely and it makes me feel beautiful and sexy while also being conservative. If you are thinking about buying this dress just do it. You will not regret it. It fits just slightly loose, but too much to where it is too large. For reference I am 5'6 weigh roughly 165 pounds size 12 and the large was slightly loose on me. Hope this helps!


Husband loves it. I don't. Very wrinkly, scratchy material.


You do need a pettycoat with this product. The fit is weird. While it fits in the waist the chest was too large and looks little like the picture


I got this dress for my Vegas wedding next week. It fits great. Ita a little long but I paired it with a petticoat and it's perfect. Im 5.2 150 lbs and I got a large and it's perfect. The material quality is really good too. I will definitely get another muxxn dress!


I LOVE this dress!! I'm going to buy it in more colors! Just for reference, I got the green and it's perfect. Looks exactly how it does in the picture.


Beautiful dress. Bought one size up because other reviews said it was a bit small. The material is pretty stretchy, so my regular size would have probably fit. Material is heavier than expected. Color is very close to picture.


The peach color dress is very cute.


But it is too large for me. Comes way below my knees.


It's fit perfectly. But their was some discoloration where item was folded in bag ( in the fold crease.) Was dusty. So made me think item was in a dusty warehouse or something. But I steamed it and it turned out okay. Got allot of compliments on it.


