Nice dress, it looked a bit dressier on a picture then in reality, but still pretty enough to wear to a wedding I attended in this dress. Needed some ironing to straight folding lines. After I steamed iron it it looked good! Good dress for it's price!


Beautiful, BEAUTIFUL dress! And so fun! I bought the yellow one and it's gorgeous, comfortable, and easy to breath in. The material is stretchy and conforms perfectly to my body too. I love this dress!!!


I'm a 34DDD, 165lbs and the XL fit like a glove. ❤️ Spoil yourself and get this gorgeous dress!


I am always hesitant about buying clothes online, but these dresses fit like a dream! I have bought two so far, and I wear one just about every time I go out. They can be dressed up or down. They wash well, but they do wrinkle a bit if you don't take them out of the washer immediately. These are fantastic dresses for the money!


Absolutely stunning! I love this dress. I am very curvy and I was afraid my hips would make the dress too puffy. Not at all the case. It was just perfect. It was a little longer than I expected but looks great with heels.


Was skeptical after reading the reviews on the fitting part. Took a chance and ordered an XL dark green dress as I'm 5'7 and roughly 190 as well as busty. A lot of the reviews are right, this is very stretchy and was a bit big on the top but was still very flattering on my figure. This is my new favorite find!


I bought this dress in Hunter green for my friend’s wedding. Everyone loved it! It was comfortable, beautiful and i felt like a star as it looks great when you dance and swirl. The fabric is fantastic and stretchy. I highly recommend!! I bought a large, i think a medium would fit too because of the stretch in the material but i didnt want to risk it. Thinking of ordering in another color!


dress length good. nice cap shoulder line. Pleats do not lay nice across chest. Maybe would work better on a flatter chest. I'm pretty average (36C bra). The pleats wanted to spread around the curve, which looked goofy. Also the pink color turned out to be very orangish.


I was pleasantly surprised!! I have had trouble finding a dress for my engagement party and I was beginning to lose hope. I stumbled upon this one and purchased it with reservation. I AM SO GLAD I DID! I have a large chest and it fits perfectly around me. The only thing is the material may wrinkle easily-- might need to iron it before the party, but no big deal! Definitely going to have to get more colors. Love it!


this dress is awesome. The material is great and has just enough stretch. I got the burgendy color and it's just like the picture. I am 5'5 with a 36 DD bust and it looks great. Shipped out the next day, arrived when they said they would and great quality! Love it.


I'm a big girl and got this dress for graduation when I put it on it was so comfortable, it did not pinch anything on my body and it was not cutting my circulation. I got a size XL and usually wear a size 14 in pants. Posted a picture of me wearing it on Facebook and got lots of likes. I did add a black belt to it because it needed a little bit of enhancement in the mid section. Will buy more from the same seller, but different styles.


