I love these dresses. They're just stretchy enough to be complimentary without looking like trash.


So pleased with this dress! The fit is both flattering and comfortable,  and the fabric has a nice quality to it. I have a pear - shaped body, so wasn't sure it would fit in all the right  places, but it did. Immediately ordered a flowery version for next summer!


Love it!  Fits like a dream.  Stretchy fabric makes it fit like it should.  Very swingy skirt.  Can't wait to wear it out!


This style of dress is fantastic. I got the "beige" even though is labeled as such is really coral or light peach (beautiful color)/ The elasticity of the material makes you feel so feminine. However, they run small ex. I wear a L-XL I read a review that it ran small but stretchy so I ordered 2XL (US size 16). I'm 5'4" and it comes down to calf length, which I loved. It fit perfect. I will be ordering another color soon. You may need to iron it or steam, not sure which I'll do. I will be wearing it to my son's wedding which is going to be outdoors P.S. The dress has a "tull" fabric on the hem that makes it look fluffy but it is not. I purchased a petticoat to have that '50's style (you don't really need it if you don't want to). I'll keep an eye out on this company. They ship from the US and delivery is fast.


I needed a dress appropriate for a funeral and this dress is the perfect length. I am usually a large/X-large but I got the medium and it fits great!


Loved it


I really loved this dress, it was so much more than i expected.


The fabric is so nice and fits excellent.


I would totally recommend it


The breast area is awkward. The pattern  criss crosses on the front & is not lined inside correctly. I bought the white & the dress shows thru right at the center. Maybe a darker color would work. Other than that I like the flair of the dress & the material


I just received my dress and I love it...EXCEPT I have to get bust line altered to lay down. It gaps.


Everywhere else fits great. My size is 40–30 3–40.


This is a gorgeous dress. Would make a great bridesmaid dress. Careful if you have big boobs!


