Had a broken zipper


Better than expected. Plz be sure to measure carefully. This is very nice. Love the length, I'm 5'6, & it comes over the knee. Accessorizing with a black patent leather belt, 3 1/2 inch peep toe sandals. Can dress up or down. Bought for a religious convention


I love how this dress looks on me just needed to order a medium, will be ordering again.


The dress is a little longer and bigger than expected, but other than that, I like it. It's very flowy so I suggest wearing biker shorts if you live in a windy city.


I absolutely love this dress! After reading the reviews I decided to go with a large...wish I would've stuck to my original instincts and ordered an XL. The fit was amazing....except for the back and I felt like i had too much 'back fat' showing.


If I could give this 15 stars I would.  The dress is a heavy weight poly blend material and has a lovely drape.  But the best thing about this dress is the way it is designed.  I have a large bust and I worried that I would spill out of the top or it would hit me mid boob, but this thing is MADE for curvy girls.  Seriously, it has enough stretch to order a size down (which I did) and it fit wonderfully.  I got tons of compliments and I'll be ordering more of these in other colors.


My wife bought this and has had nothing but rave reviews.  Went to a Christmas Party last weekend and had 5 or 6 complements before we got to the registration table.  Everybody wants to know where she bought it.  They think she got it at an Ultra-High End store and paid hundreds of dollars.  She wants more in different colors.  She looks so good in it that it even makes me look good to be with her.


The material is good quailty. It is a nice thick stretch material.  . It will keep you warm. It has a nice sheen to make it just enough for dressing up.  The color is correct for black. The good dress for a Orchestra Concert.  Very Beautiful.


Lovely dress.


Great fit, great shape! I'm on the heavy side and I was worried that this wouldn't look good on me without a small waist. I was wrong! It is super flattering, the neckline isn't as low as I feared, and it turns and flows SO WELL! Just make sure you have a petticoat to fluff it up properly. :)


