Loved it. And when you twirl, it flares out!!! Haha! It is nice and fit as expected. Wear a belt and perfect! Really liked this dress.


This dress is beautiful and really flatters an hourglass figure. The only problem that I had was that it was very fitted in the waist and took a little extra effort to get it zipped. It did have a lot of stretch to it, but if you are thicker in the waist, definitely size up.


Arrived just in time for the event that I ordered it for, and after trying it on, I loved it.  There was a certain amount of stretch, and the weight of the dress was so light and flattering in all the right places.


ABSOLUTELY HAPPY!!! Material is Gorgeous and fits like it was tailored:) I would recommend getting it pressed and dry cleaned since it comes in a bag. Beautiful and will order other colors of this dress:)


I love this dress! I wore it to my birthday dinner and got so many compliments!!!. It looked great with the crinoline and without! MUXXN is a good brand...sizing is usually spot on, good material and manufacturing. The inexpensive cost of the dress had me questioning the purchase while shopping, but once I had the dress on, I was so pleased!


My wife got this dress today and she totally loves it. We were a bit worried about the fit but with the xl it was a perfect fit. The material is really nice and sturdy so awesome for the price. Was a bit wrinkled from shipping but that's ok and Zipper it a bit iffy but most zippers are :)  She will so be getting more from this maker in the future. Over all she is super happy with this dress.


The material has a nice stretch, but its pretty thick so I dont have to worry about it failing. Nicely sewn it is wonderful, I am actually looking into purchasing a second.


Fits nicely..ordered a medium, but I could have probably fit in a small. 5'4" 133 pounds.


The top detailing is a little off on one side..disappointing, but my hair is long and will cover it during the wedding for the most part so no worries. Nice thick material with some stretch.


I love this dress style, so I took a chance on it.  I wasn't sure about the sizes though.  I'm a bigger gal, and I was uneasy about buying a dress online.  So I played it safe and went with a 2 XL just in case.  I was worried about the shoulders because mine are broad, but the dress was actually too big in the shoulders.  I returned it for an XL, so hopefully it'll fit better.  It's a cute dress, and I hope the smaller size fits.


Love love this dress!!!  The material is stretchy and extremely comfortable I could had easily had gotten the Large!  But I just had this one altered. Not a fan of the seam placement in the front but its ok. The only disappointment in the dress was how extremely wrinkled it came! I have a professional steamer did that 2 times and ironed it...still wrinkles! Had to take it to a cleaner and have it pressed! I understand that things get wrinkled in shipping etc but these were some serious wrinkles that took a much bigger hotter iron than what I have! Good thing I ordered it early enough before my event!


