I LOVE! LOVE this dress. It very true to size. I bought it to wear for Easter and I was very happy. I got so many compliments on it. I would definitely recommend it to everyone and make sure you buy the petticoat slip.. Makes a big difference.


I love the fit of this dress!  I am 5' 7" and 123lbs and a small fits perfectly.  I usually have a hard time finding dresses that will go to my knee.  The fabric is stretchy and the dark green color is pretty.  I also bought the green dress because I wasn't sure how the color would look in person.  I would say the color matches the picture very closely.  I kept the dark green dress and returned the green with no problems.  I bought 


 to go underneath, but they weren't full enough and were a couple inches shorter than 26".  I am wearing the black one in the picture.  I returned them and bought 


 in small which was a lot fuller and longer.


I bought this to use as a bridesmaid dress in a wedding. The fabric is really nice, thicker than I expected. It's also stretchy, which makes it really comfortable. I'm 5ft 4in and 130lbs, with a 34B bra size, and the way the fabric is arranged on the torso made my chest appear REALLY flat. I imagine it would look better on someone with more of a chest, or a padded bra. The dress needed a lot of ironing right out of the bag. Overall, it's a really fun dress, especially paired with a petticoat!


Just bought the 


 and it fits perfectly. The quality is really great with a slightly thick fabric which does not need to be ironed. Ample arm room as well. I bought 5 dresses in this style and two were from MUXXN the Green plaid and the Blue Gingham, the length was true to listing size which is 42.91 inch, the S.ROMZA which is the bird patterned one in the photo was about 2 inches shorter and not made as well as the MUXXN. The Black Cherry dress which is VOGVOG is the same length the 42.91 inch but the top in the chest area is way bigger and will need to be altered and also both the fabric on VOGVOG and S.ROMZA will need to be ironed. I just got in a Green polka dot patterned from VOGVOG and its a fit mess and prob cannot be worn at all even if i try and alter it.


I bought an XL


Bust with Bra: 40inch


Chest right under bra: 35 inch


Waist at belly Button: 38 inch


Hips: 44 inch


Size around upper Arm: 12.5 inch


I would say that while MUXXN is slightly more $ than other brands on Amazon the quality is def the best and when buying multiple styles they are consistent in the fit/cut. I would say if you can afford it stick with MUXXN on this dress as it really is the best.


I just want to let everyone who knows a bride planning a wedding. I had always planned to pay for all of the bridesmaids, and groomsmen outfits when my children got married. This was something that I knew I had to do. Many years ago a dear friend wanted me in her wedding and I had to decline because I couldn't afford the dress. It broke my heart to hurt her feelings. So that's when I vowed to not let that happen to my kids. I'm not made of money, and we did this wedding at a very low cost because of our wonderful friends and family that Made the cake as their gift, served as bartender/ fry cook. Pro photography, Cleaning and last minute food prep. It literally took a village, But it was well worth it!.. So I want to plug the site where I got the dresses for the wedding. They come in every bridesmaid color you can think of, High quality, comfortable and very inexpensive. Even the Bride's dress. I just bought the white one and added lace. I have to say that the bride's all of the dresses and will probably have plenty of places to wear them in the future not just the one time .  You will notice if you look at the picture that the dresses are in two colors  turquoise and light blue .  That was intentional  on my part .


 I love these dresses so much that I bought a couple extras  for myself !  I love to brag about a bargain!


Literally the most favorite dress I have ever worn! It is a beautiful material- if you have a hand steamer the wrinkles come out very easily,  I ordered the light blue and it is a beautiful bright color. I got so many compliments on the dress the night I wore it. I ordered a petticoat from Amazon to go underneath it and it was perfect.  I'm 5 8 1/2, 140 pounds and the size medium was perfect although I think the small might have worked as well.  I also ordered one in the royal blue color and decided to keep that one too because I love the dress so much.


This dress was the perfect bridesmaid/maid of honor dress! I needed it quickly because the dress I ordered for the wedding, 3 months prior, was too large. I had lost about 64 lbs in that timeframe and was still losing, so I needed to order as late as possible. It arrived less than 24 hours before the wedding! The dress is gorgeous, made me feel beatlutifil, and I received so many compliments!


I bought this to wear to my daughter's college graduation and she ended up falling in love with it so we switched dresses and I let her wear it. It was her special day. It was a little big on me, but my daughter is taller and much fuller figured (in a good way). This dress was able to fit both of us being different sizes and still look stunning on both of us. It was even able to handle her large chest without looking inappropriate. She was absolutely gorgeous! I have also worn this dress to an event and I can say it was one of the most comfortable dresses I've ever worn.


Super nice for the price. Very pretty and comfortable. I'd give it five stars, but the zipper was seen shut. This doesn't bother me at all because it's slightly stretchy and easy to pull on over my head


Needed a dress for my wedding, and am so glad I found this beautiful dress. Read a lot of the reviews and decided to order a Medium. I wear about a 6/8 dress size, and this dress fits perfectly!!! I also ordered a petticoat to wear under it, and am very happy with the results. =]


