I am a 6'1 18 year old girl, and let's just say dress shopping or clothes shopping in general is a pain in the bootie. If I find a dress it is usually way too short to ever wear without leggings or pants. Which defeats the purpose of me wearing a dress. I got a large and this dress is so wonderful. It goes PAST MY KNEES. That is amazing! And when you twirl around it spins and you feel all girly. It is just a tad loose so I will probably get it fitted, but to be honest it looks great now. I got burgundy and it was a beautiful dark red. I love this dress and can't wait to wear it on my next date night!


This dress fits excellent for the price, I am 5'3 120 lbs and I ordered both a small and extra small. While the extra small fit fine, but the slightly looser fit and extra 2 inches of length on the small enhanced the A-line effect on the dress and therefore made it much more slimming. The length of the small fit just around the knee, which is a perfect length to wear to work and still use for evening outings. I also like the modest V neck cut, again making it perfect to wear to work and trade shows, very classy and not the least bit frumpy. I bought this dress in both the green and the blue. The 4 stars instead of 5 are due to size variation, although they are both dresses I ordered Size smalls, the blue small dress is about 2 inches shorter than the green. Still not enough of a difference to return the shorter dress. These are a great deal for the price given the utility I get out of them.


This is a magic dress! My weight is fluctuating right now, especially in the stomach and thighs. It's been upsetting trying to find anything that looks decent let alone pretty and at a reasonable price. The construction on the bust of this dress is brilliantly accommodating, and with free hips you only have to fit it to your waist. I bought a medium, and it looks beautiful! I immediately told my friends, and they all bought it too. Can't wait to get more colors!


This dress is gorgeous and fits wonderfully! It's exactly what I was looking for. Looks great under a trench coat and with sneakers as well. Very pleased! It's quite flattering :D


Very flattering.  It is sweetheart, but a Conservative one.  I feel comfortable wearing this dress to work.  The dress came to just below my knees (I'm about 5'5").  The stomach part is fitted, without making a few imperfections look like an extra 20 pounds- as some dresses occasionally do.  The material is stretchy and very easy to move in. You can easily raise both hands without feeling like you are going to rip the dress


This is going to be the perfect dress for my bridesmaids to wear! I'm going with red and teal for my colors, so this color matches the best out of all the dresses I've looked for. I love things that are vintage or that have a retro feel to them. I'm considering buying one for myself in one of the floral prints. I've seen it on very different shaped ladies, and it is flattering on all of them. They are all excited to wear it in the wedding, but it's nice enough to wear multiple times after.


This dress is absolutely lovely, especially for the price point. It does have a bit of spandex in it, for anyone who is considering sizing up. I'd recommend paying close attention to this size chart, since the one on Amazon's site doesn't match the actual dress: [...]


The fabric is a little heavy, but it drapes beautifully when it's on and has a lot of movement. I bought this for a wedding in Indiana and it was just perfection!


I love this dress, I do. The only problem is that it's SO big on the chest area. I'm a 34A and got the smallest size. It literally fits perfect everywhere... Except my chest. And of course, since the chest too loose, it hangs off my shoulders a bit as well. If I can get it tailored somewhere it will definitely be a 5star dress.


Very 40's-60's. An XL fit me perfectly. Looks exactly like the pics, even on a pear shape like me. I have been wearing it for two years and still looks like it did when I first got it. If you are wondering about the size, I am 5'8" and 250 lbs and I fit an XL. It is stretchy too.


My bust is 40 1/2  and the extra large measurement was 39 1/2 ( give or take). So I ordered a size up( XXL) even though reviews said it was stretchy, because I still wanted a modest, not too tight fit. Well, I could have ordered the XL, there is enough stretch in the fabric to give an inch or so without looking tight.  Since I ordered up, I'll just take it in at the zipper, no problem.  The fabric quality is great. Not so heavy that a crinoline won't hold it out but not flimsy either.  It's  true to color( i ordered the blue/violet and its a nice deep purple) I'm  5'4" and the Xxl hits me almost mid calf ( without petticoat)  shipping was fast and came two days before it was scheduled to.


