I love this dress and now need it in black as well.  The only downside for me is the fact that it has to be dry cleaned because I surely don't have time for hand washing!


I bought this for my daughter, who normally is a size 12/14 but she had to get the XXL in order for it to fit.  If you are a larger busted woman, you need to go up in size,  My daughter is a 38 D and the XXL was the only dress that fit her in the bust and waist area.  The size chart definitely runs small.  Also, the color in the photo is NOTHING like the color we received.  It's a very pale blue.


color is gorgeous - a little bit brighter than the photo but thats honestly better in my opinion. runs a bit small in the bust, but stretchy enough to make it work.


I love this dress! Looks great and super comfortable. I wear a size 14, bought 2x and it fit perfectly. 1 petticoat worn underneath. Great fabric with good amount of stretch. Well made, quite a bargain. Wore to a 50's party and received tons of compliments.


Great dress. You'll feel very pretty in this one. Even if your a little rounder than you would like to be. ;)


I have a large chest and this dress looked nice on. The girls were covered and I didn't feel like u was wearing a tent.


Well made, heavier polyester-like fabric but a little stretchy.  Lays perfectly, stitching is sound.  Does require a trip to the cleaner for professional steaming before wearing.  So, include a couple days to be able to do that, if you buy.


Also, I am a tall, busty size Large.  The dress was only available in XXL - based on previous reviews, I opted to try it.  It fits, not too loose o out of shape.  The size L would have been too small.  Order a size or 2 up.


This dress is super cute and will probably flatter every figure.  The material is stretchy and allows for those between sizes to not worry over much about fit. The skirt has a swing to it already, making the dress ready to wear now. However; At the suggestion of several other Amazon users, I purchased a crinoline to go underneath to get the full effect. I am still awaiting that garment. I am 4'11 and currently weigh 126 lbs with a very full bust...I got the small, and it fits like a dream. And the best part...it was inexpensive and the husband LOVES it.


I read the reviews carefully before purchasing for my sister.  She is 5'7" and was a 12/14 at the time with a "C" cup bust.  I ordered a large and it fit her beautifully due to the stretch in the material.  She has since gone down in size to a 8/10 and is experiencing some gapping in the chest.  It is obviously a bit looser as well but still looks great.  Wore it without a petticoat and it still had a soft flare.  It has been washed and worn several times and still looks great.


Pretty bridesmaids dress though I did notice when all the bridesmaids were together that they were different shades. All the dress were bought at separate times and possibly from separate suppliers so a single purchase should be fine.


This dress would be a 5-star(!) except there was too much fabric left in the seam allowance at the center front seam, which caused the seam to stick out and look noticeably awkward. It was the seagreen and I am going to reorder and hope for a better front seam this time. Otherwise, very great all occasion dress!


