I had my doubts with this dress. For starters, I didn't know what size to order. My waist and hip measurements put me in one size, then my larger than average chest put me three sizes larger. With Prime, I figured I could return it if it didn't fit and went with the smaller size. I'm glad I did! There is just enough stretch to the fabric that it easily adjusted, and for once the neckline wasn't obscenely low. This dress looks very classy. The cap-like sleeves are comfortable and feel very secure.


I ordered the purple on a whim. No particular reason, I just wanted something different. The color is very true to the image provided. It's a vibrant, deep royal purple. As mentioned, the fabric has a little stretch in it. Not a lot, just enough to give it a tailored look. The length of the dress is a bit long for me, but I'm also 5'1" so it would more unusual for it to be right. It comes to a point approximately three inches below my knee. The light crinoline that's built in fluffs it out enough that I can get away with this length but I do plan to have the hem raised.


This is a fun, cute, and classy dress that I'm glad I bought. I've dressed it up with a black patent leather belt and black jacket, also tried out a white combination. It looks great without any accessories too! Very nice dress, I would recommend.


Ok I am giving this dress 5 stars because it's not the companies fault I ordered a L thinking I was that heavy.. Apparently a medium was up my alley. I will update my review soon once the new dress comes in, but I will say even tho it was big on me I felt pretty damn sexy! Look forward to trying on one that fits and going into more detail


UPDATE: I recieved  the medium and boy do I feel like a million bucks!! I am 5'3" weigh 145 lbs and the medium feels and looks amazing on me, great heavy material and even my tailor was happy with how it was sewn, due to my shortness the dress nearly reached to my ankles so he is only taking about 3 inchs  off so it shows off my legs while still passing my knees.. gotta keep it classy ;) I would so buy another dress I am in love with how it makes me feel. Just buy it you won't regret it!!


I ordered this dress to stand up in a summer wedding -- which is awesome because I didn't have to drop $200 on a dress that I'm only going to wear once.  It's a very nice fitting dress. It does run a little big but it depends on how you like things to fit.  I like things to be form fitting --  I am a size 16 so I ordered the large due to some of the reviews saying it runs big (size 12-14) and it fits very well.  It's not at all tight -- it fits to form like I wanted.


I ordered a few different colors since I liked it so much and they all have a seam that runs directly up the front, which I think is weird.  I wondered after I opened the first dress if it was a mistake but they are all like that.


I absolutely LOVED this dress! I bought it for a wedding in June, but since then, have worn it at least 4 additional times. My weight has fluctuated 5-10 lbs up and down since then, but the stretchy fabric helps it fit beautifully no matter what my weight was at the time. I used a petticoat underneath to get the fullness I desired. As you can see in the wedding photo, it looks great on all body types.


I just received and tried on mine (navy blue polka dot) and I love it!  (So did my husband!) I know I always have a hard time deciding what size to order and in this I ordered a small.  Their small translates to a size 4 U.S.  That's what the dress tag says.  I wear a size 6 or 8 depending on the garment and this small is just a bit snug.  It has enough stretch that it looks great and doesn't constrict my breathing even though it's tight.  I didn't read every one of the reviews so I may just not have read this but it does have a little bit of crinoline material sewn into the very bottom of the hem.  It's visible in the picture but I wasn't sure if it came with a crinoline built in or what. The dress is cut so that the skirt has a good bit of swing and body to it and that little touch makes it appear you have a crinoline on.  It would be perfectly nice to wear without one.


I loved the black dress with the three quarter length sleeves so much I ordered the cap sleeves in red!  It got here quickly, and in perfect shape!  It fits perfectly just like the last one I oredered from Muxxn.  The fabric doesn't feel wonderful on my skin, but it fits so well and looks so pretty on!  The color is way different than the picture though.  I expected a darker deeper red, but it is BRIGHT red.  Also, while I love the neckline, the pleats are a little interesting.  They definitely help with any fit issues though.  If you're small busted they will hide it, if you are large busted it is stretchy and will compliment.  Just for fun I had my friend, who has a different body type from me try it on.  I think this dress might fit everyone as long as you order your true size.


Would be 5 star if the zipper had been okay.  Loved this dress.  Cute style, and comfy fabric with a little stretch to it.  I'm 5'5", 160lbs and the L fit nicely.  Only problem was that I tried it on a couple times with various undergarments, then wore it once and the zipper appeared defective and got stuck in around the waist-line area, so I returend it.  Wonder if any one else has had this problem with the zipper.


I liked the dress enough that I'm considering reordering in hopes that it was a fluke to get one with a bad zipper.


BTW, I bought the Dresstells Women's Vintage Rockabilly Petticoat to wear under it.  I did not feel the petticoat made much difference in the appearance, but took away from the comfort, so I returned the petticoat - comfort is priority for me.


I am extremely satisfied with this dress for the price. Let me start by saying I'm a clothing designer. I've been in the apparel industry for many years and I know fabric and garment construction. I was nervous about buying this dress because the price was so low and I thought it would be very cheap fabric. I took a chance because I was only going to use it for a photo shoot. Let me tell you, this dress is not only well made, but the fabric is very, very nice too. It's stretch bengaline, and it has spandex in it. It's a nice heavy fabric. The quality is nice. Usually pinup style dresses are so expensive, but this one is so reasonable and the same if not Better fabric than the others.  I plan to purchase in more colors and styles. Very, very pleased with this purchase.


I'll update my review after I decide wether or not I'm keeping the dress for an event :) I received it and have tried it on. I hadn't noticed in all the other pictures posted, but the dress has a seam going straight through the front of the skirt. There's also seams on the sides and down the back. Those are fine, it's the seam in front I don't care for. This is unfortunate given the dress fits nicely. The pleats at the bust area are a little weird but I'm sure if I dry cleaned the dress tha would fix. I also don't like how the skirt falls, I would definitely suggest an under skirt or something to change the clingy pleated fall of the skirt. I bought the red version, it's a perfect true red. Material is thick and stretchy with a flattering style and fit. I'm 5'5" about 127lbs, chest about 33-34" waist 27 hips 37". I bought a size Small.


Usually a size 10 or 12 because of my 38D size; waist is 32-33 (fluctuates).  This is a gorgeous dress for an amazing price.  Fits like a glove.  Is so feminine and the petticoat I purchased through Amazon was great.  Will also use this dress for another Christmas party with a black bolero but it's perfect for an evening out if you want to look girlie.  The stretch in the material is very forgiving and they most certainly did not skimp on the  material for the skirt.  Awesome dress-buy it!  Hope the dimensions help and thanks to all the previous reviewers for being so generous with the information, otherwise, I wouldn't have ever thought of buying any dresses online.  See my other review for the 50s 60s Hepburn 3/4 Sleeve dress if it helps in your decision making process!


