100% wonderful dress fit perfectly for a busty girl. Had good stretch and so light weight low how it fits to all my curves without making me look too fat. Having a great booty in this dress and love, love, love, love, the color will have to get several more in various colors from MUXXN. I always look terrible in dresses but this is just wonderful.


This is a very nice dress for ladies with a bust C+. I bought this dress in Medium and really liked it, but it was too loose around my bust . I am 5.6 32B 140lb. I could wear it, except if I bend or put my arms up, it shows everything. I gave the dress to my sister 5.5 36D 145. It is just gorgeous, fits perfectly, nice fabric. Hope it will help.


I bought this for a Christmas party and it was perfect! I bought a petty-coat to add some extra volume to the bottom and it was perfect.


Received this dress yesterday. I was so excited to try it on. My excitement turned to elation!! Fits like a glove. I'm glad I purchased the underskirt to go with it. I'm a size 14 around 200lbs 5'6". Ordered an XL


LOVE LOVE LOVE this dress!! I accidentally write my review for the dress on the petticoat I bought to go with it for themed events or just wanting a vintage look


I normally will not write reviews but i had to for this dress, it is absolutely amazing! The color was what i expected it to be, it fits wonderfully if you are in between sized there is enough of a stretch to it that  it still fits. The cap shoulder sleeves are wonderful, this is a great dress! i would buy this again in a heart beat and may buy it again in another color :)


Purchased this dress for bridesmaids in my daughter’s wedding.  Great fit on the different girls!  Nice to have dresses that didn’t break the bank and that they actually might wear again!


I ordered the dress for my engagement photoshoot in october, and the photoshoot was in december.


think I lost weigh since I ordered the dress because it was a little too large, but it was okay.


The color was as shown on the website ( I ordered the beige colour).


I totally love this dress!


I love this dress.  The fabric is very nice and it fits like a dream.


The small is not small enough for me. I don't normally wear less than a medium or small.... but I'd order an xs if I was to get a different one. The chest and waist were too large on me. I am usually a size 6 pants but often a size 2 dress. The flare only empathized how big the top looked on me. Could be that I am not very busty. However, it's as pictured and stretchy.


