Dress was beautiful, fit very well, and shipped super fast.  Paired with a red petticoat and red ribbon it looked perfect for my courthouse wedding. I'm 5'6", 180 lbs and the medium fit perfectly, even had a little stretch to it in case it was needed.  Material isn't cheap or flimsy.  I've received a ton of compliments on the dress; though best of all, I felt really pretty wearing it (even if I'm not in love with the shape my body is in right now). Will definitely recommend this seller to anyone and buy again for myself.


I purchased this dress to wear to a friends wedding. I'm 5'8", a size 14/16 and a 38 DDD. It fit perfectly. The fabric is slightly stretchy so it made the dress incredibly comfortable! I highly recommend this dress.


I bought a size larger than my measurements (on the chart), based on the comment of another customer, and the fit was very good.  I am tall and if I had bought the smaller size, I am sure the waist seam would have been too high on my torso.  The dress is very pretty, and comfortable, and I look great in our pictures from Christmas.  However, the fabric is low quality and with just one wearing, there was a lot of "pilling."  The dress was very inexpensive, so I don't feel ripped off.  Just a bit disappointed.


I love this dress. Very comfy and while I could wear a petticoat, I don't think it strictly needs it. It has some flounce without it. I get lots of compliments and as another reviewer put it, it has nice "church cleavage" where it is modest but definitely draws the eyes to the girls. It has a nice amount of stretch but not so much you feel poured into it. One complaint? tiny itty bitty zipper that makes it nearly impossible to get into by yourself


This is a really cute dress, made well, although the zipper (as others have stated) is a little 'iffy'.  The fabric is thick and not 'flow-y' (is that a word?), so the skirt portion stuck out like an umbrella. I am 5'3", 150 LBS, 36 DD and ordered a large, it fit...HOWEVER....this style was NOT flattering on me.  I looked like a large cupcake with two cherry's on top. If you are thin or even a little taller then you could pull it off. If it looked good on me , I would have kept it, ended up returning it and am waiting for the credit to my account, i'll update when that occurs. Hope this helps.


I bought this for my wife for her birthday, From her: I have always loved the retro/vintage style but it's hard to come across in my size AND that doesn't break the bank-- this dress is BOTH!! Fits beautifully, the fabric and stitching is far higher quality than I expected at this price. The fabric has stretch which makes it actually quite comfortable. I am curvy, 5'4", so I got the XL, it is a bit long (hits about mid-calf) but I plan on wearing it with a crinoline and I don't like short dresses anyway. Care wasn't listed on Amazon that I remember seeing, it is Hand Wash Cold, Line dry, a tad inconvenient but totally worth it. It gets very heavy when washed and the color bled some (I am hoping it was just the first wash since I'd hate for the lovely green to fade a bunch) and even though I squeezed it out, it was still sopping, so I put it in the dryer to toss with no heat for 20 minutes which got enough water out to hang it up over two hangers. I will DEFINITELY be buying more from this seller and in different colors!!


To be honest I wasn't expecting much for the price. I'm delightfully surprised at how it fit and the feeling of the material. I got this in a large and it fit perfectly other than the length. I'm 5'7" and I weigh about 170 pounds. I wear a 36C and didn't have any issues with the chest being too loose or too tight. It was perfect. Everything fits nicely except it came half way down my shins. I think even with a petticoat it would be way too long. I can only imagine how long this dress would be on some shorter girls. Thankfully I have a friend who will be able to hem it for me. I was counting on it being knee length or a little below my knees. I will definitely be buying it in other colors and putting my friend to work with hemming them. It is quite cute.


Love this dress! Being a plus sized woman, I am always concerned about what a dress will look like on me  since most are made for skinny, athletic women who have not borne children via c-section (and therefore have an apron belly!)! This dress is FLATTERING on ALMOST EVERY FIGURE. I looked at all the photos women had submitted (every one of them!) and noticed that a wide variety of figures looked good in it. It is a RARE dress that can boast this. I wore this in navy (dark blue) to a cocktail party with magenta accents: petticoat, shoes, jewelry, hair fascinator - for a fat girl, I looked pretty cute. Even my hubby, who never on his own tells me I look nice (even if he thinks so) told me I looked pretty!


I ordered this dress in green to use as a costume in a play set in the 1950s. It's a little more than I would normally pay for a costume but we needed the character to look wealthy and classic and were having a hard time finding something in our local thrift stores. This dress turned out perfectly. The actress's measurements were split between the small and the medium. I went with the small and it fit the her very well. It looked fantastic on the stage, but it would make a great "real life" party dress as well. There wasn't anything costume-y about it. The color is rich and vibrant but not overbearing, the quality of construction is good, and the price was right (especially with fast and free prime shipping).


In the picture it looks like there is a layer of matching green tulle under the skirt. It is actually just a small strip of fabric sewn at the bottom to make it look like there is a layer underneath when there really isn't. It didn't bother me and we had crinolines to put underneath it that provided the fun extra "poof", but I thought I would mention it.


This dress is pretty rad. It fits me perfectly everywhere except the bust, though since I'm generally lacking the goods to fill it, I'm not surprised. Fortunately I think I can alter it at the seams where the sleeves and the neckline meet and close that gap up a little. I could still get away with wearing it without altering it, but once I make those little tweaks this thing will be a perfect fit. For what it's worth, I'm 32" up top, 26" in the middle, and a little bottom-heavy at 38". I ordered a small and it fits almost perfectly. Had I been burdened with a bigger rack I'm sure it would have fit even better.


Looks fine with or without a petticoat. The length is great, too -- a little longer than most dresses I come across, which is just what I wanted. I'm not particularly good at being ladylike, so I really wanted something I can bend over clumsily in without fear of putting my girlybits on display.


