I was so excited for this dress but ended up really hating it. It was tight in all the wrong places and loose in others. The arms were especially unflattering.


I adore this dress!  I own two and am trying to decide on a third color. They dress up well (I wore one for my brother's wedding).  They're also good for the workplace with a simple cardigan to dress them down. The cut is very flattering without being to revealing, and creates a nice waist. If I could wear this dress every day,  I would!


True to size, true to color.  Beautiful true green color.  Material and quality are amazing for what I had expected from an Asian seller (compared to previous purchases in general).  It is stretchy so if you're in between sizes order a size smaller. I ordered a medium but probably could have fit in a small.  The length is just past my knees and I am 5'4".  Now to find a dry cleaner right before Thanksgiving to get these wrinkles out!


I love this dress! what a deal! very flattering and fit as expected (true to size). I sort of want one in every color now...


I was looking for a dress for our family picture and found this one. I'm 5"8" 130 lb and I ordered a size 4. It fits so well, it's very flattering on and has gorgeous cap sleeves that keep it modest. 5 stars for me.


Gorgeous dress!  I love it so much, and it is so comfortable!  The material is stretching so if you are debating between sizes go with the smaller size because it will fit you perfectly.  Its very breathable and the color is amazing (I got the blue one).


I love this dress! It's beautiful. I would give it 4.5 stars. It needs some steaming to release the wrinkles (which is normal)


Gorgeous vibrant yellow color. Beautiful fit, very figure flattering


this was as expected.  its soft, fit well, a great winter dress.  it wore all night without issue.


All in all it's a nice dress. the material is heavy and stretchy and it looks good, however it seems to be too big in the shoulders and not very symmetrical - I'm 5"5, 154 pound and got a medium, I'll return it and get a smaller size.


