I'm very happy that I went with what the reviewers said concerning the size difference. Thank you reviewers you made my day. My measurements are 40" bust.., 33" waist.., and 42" hips.., I normally wear an XL (12-14) and went with the L (10-12) as the reviewers said the  fabric is stretchy.  So.., they were right on the money with that. The zipper works well and there were no loose strings or stitching and the pleats on the bust were also perfect. Did need to steam a few wrinkles out on the skirt but that's to be expected when ordering through the mail. It's going to be so nice to wear on my upcoming birthday dinner. One day after placing the order for this dress my daughter called and said she is getting married and the colors are Navy Blue and Coral. So happens I ordered the Navy blue and I showed her a picture of it. She said it was perrrrrfect for what she had in mind.  I will most likely wear it often since it is sooooo comfortable. I ordered a petticoat but it wont be here for a few more days. Amazon quickly shipped it out and it arrived within 5 days and arrived on a Sunday to boot. You wont regret this purchase. Now to go order another MUXXN dress I have in mind.


I LOVE LOVE LOVE this dress!! It fit perfectly and showed every curve perfectly! Loved the length amd the material!!


I cant get the zipper up by my self


other then that I love it


im happy


cant wait to wear it the first time


I got so nervous but im about 5'2 chest 36c and weight in about 150 and a M size fits perfect


it stretches to ur shape which I like


and yea :) my petticoat hasnt came in yet but ill post pics when it dose


Ok ladies, so here's the deal. I'm a size 12 and I got the Large. It fit perfectly and the material is very stretchy so I can say that it would be fine for a 14 as well. For a size 10 I would recommend sizing down to a medium. What's not shown in the photo is that there is a seam coming up right through the middle of the dress skirt in front. It's not completely bothersome but it is definitely annoying and unexpected. Also there's a seam around the waist, so you should definitely consider getting a belt to wear to cover it. Overall, the dress is very flattering. It's very stretchy so it's comfortable and the color is a bright cherry red which will make you stand out in the crowd. When worn with a petticoat it has a very 50s look and worn without can actually pass for a 40s outfit. I wore this to as 40s outfit and got a ton of compliments. I made a belt to go along with it from red felt and a vintage deco belt buckle. So I appreciate the versatility and possibilities of the dress :) I think it is priced accordingly at $40 but would not pay more for it.


I ordered this dress to wear to a January wedding in upstate NY (think cold, grey) and wanted something versatile, dressy, but not exposed. I ordered the burgundy and the blue.


Breakdown:


Size - I have a 36" waist, 38 D/DD, wear Torrid 14 jeans, and i ordered a XXL based upon the size chart. Size is dead on.


Fit - perfect. Enough room in the bust, well fitted waist. I'm a little long in the torso, and the waist seam is actually pretty close to my natural waist (never happens!)


Length - I'm 5'8.5" and hate short skirts. This hits at the sweet spot just below the knee.


Material - stretch polyester with a slight sheen. A cute false petticoat mesh layer at the hem. The stretch is key to the comfort here. Awesome.


Color - the burgundy is a deep cherry red, not dark at all. The blue is navy, darker or lighter depending on ambient light.


Arrival condition - wrinkled. Let's face it, it came in a box via UPS. Anyone who expects it to be wear-ready has unrealistic expectations. Nothing that a little ironing on the reverse side won't fix.


Washing - recommends hand-wash or dryclean. Haven't gotten that far yet to opine.


This dress truly is gorgeous. Especially if you are vintage-minded. I'm choosing to not add a petticoat, but there is plenty material to allow for one.


I'm going with the red for the wedding, but I just may keep the blue as well. I can see this dressing up or down, adding cardigans, belts and shoes for versatility (the navy may debut very soon at the office with a cardigan, brown boots and chunky belt!)


Buy it now!


Nice dress for the price. For those worrying about fit, I ordered 12 of these for a dance team. After reading hundreds of reviews to compare measurements with my team, here's my conclusion: The measurements in the chart are the measurements of the fabric. The fabric stretches a lot, almost like a swimsuit. Normally when you order based on measurements, you buy a dress that's slightly larger and take it in to fit. In this case, I ordered dresses that were at or slightly smaller than the ladies' measurements, assuming the dress would stretch 3-5". Got 12 out of 12 right this way! Smalls fit busts 33-34" and waists 27-28.5". Mediums fit busts 34-37" and waists 28.5-32.75". Large fit busts 36-40.5" and waists 31-35.5".


I received my dress today, and I'm pleasantly surprised at how it turned out, since it was only $20. The fabric is stretchy but also structured enough, and not flimsy, although it's not lined. I like the A-line shape of the dress, especially that the waist of the dress really does hit me at my natural waist, and that it flares directly from there, hiding any belly pudginess. The skirt is extremely full, and I think I'll wear it on its own since it looks good even without a petticoat. The ruching in the bust area is neatly done and makes for a flattering effect. Like I said, the fabric is very stretchy, so each size will accommodate a range of weights. I'm 5'6" and 32"-25"-37" and I normally wear a XS/S in tops; I ordered the XS, which says US size 4 on the tag. I think the size S would have been too large, especially in the bust region. Regarding the color, I will say that the burgundy I ordered is what I would just call red when seen in person - not sure if I received a "red" by mistake, or if the true "red" would be more of an orange-red. I would've enjoyed burgundy more, but the red is still charming.


I was intrigued at the incredible rating this dress had, and now that I've received it, it makes complete sense. The cut of this dress, along with the forgiving stretch of the fabric, would make it flattering for most figures.


Amazing dress.


I want to buy it in every color.


It is very stretchy, so if you are debating between two sizes, go for the smaller size.


I am 5'8" and usually wear a size 14, I ordered a large.


I recommend a petticoat, 26'' length works perfect.


I booked this dress from my husband's account and when I got this dress, I fell in love with it at first sight. The dress fits me beautifully. I am 5'5'' tall and around 154 pounds and the medium fits me very well. I can even say it is little bit roomy, but not too much. Now planning to buy another one in a different color. Even without the underskirt, the dress looks great. It has a lots of swirl. Great buy from Amazon and that too at an unbeatable price.


P.S. My original dress was little bit roomy so I tried on the small size too. Small was also a good fit, except for the fact that it was little tight at the bosom. My suggestion is if you have a well endowed bosom, stick to your original size, otherwise you can go down another size.


This dress is amazing for big chested women! I'm a 38DD & high waisted, so normally swing dresses make me look like a big boobed cupcake, which is not the look anyone goes for. I ordered a 2XL based on other reviews and was nervous because I'm pretty sure this company is overseas and their sizes aren't always accurate to US sizes like they claim. The 2XL fit great with some looseness to it (since the material has stretch to it), I could have gone down a size and would have been fine. I had to put a crinoline underneath it for the event I ordered it for, that hiked up to my mid section; & the material didn't show/didn't look bunched up on my stomach so I was glad for the extra room either way. This dress is reasonably priced, material stretches (kind of like the material in some of those stretchy business slacks), is comfortable, very slimming and complementing.This dress is high competition for any rockabilly, here let me charge you $200 for something that's not that fantastic website out there. I would buy this dress 100x again! Only down side to it is that it took longer than expected to get here. So order well enough in advance! Hope this helps


