It's beautiful! Although it needs a petticoat to make the skirt look right


Great little dress for the price. Charming fit.


I LOVE this dress. The fit was perfect! With a petticoat it was the perfect dress for attending a summer wedding. I can't wait to wear it again!


Bought it in black.  Great value.  Really nice dress.  Surprised at the quality at this price.


Prefect. I bought this dress for my best friends wedding and it's beautiful and fits great. It has a zipper but the stretchy fabric allowed me to just pull it over my head easy peasy. I can't wait to be a bridesmaid in her ninja turtle themed wedding!


I simply ADORE this dress. Fair warning:it's rather stretchy, however, I wanted it to be more form-fitting across the bust, so it worked fine for me.


This dress is gorgeous. I'm 5'11'' & 230, 38DD


X l fit like a glove.


Absolutely love it! I bought this dress about a week before I went to a wedding. So I took a risk of buying it w.o. knowing. Got so many compliments and it looks even better on. Definitely buying this in black.


The pictures do not quite do justice. This is more of a candy apple red, which is still stunning, but was still a little large. I am 5'3" and about 140 and ordered a small. But I absolutely love the dress and can live with it being a little loose and long. Also, it shipped very quickly which is a plus.


Very cute dress! I went by the reviews rather than the size chart. I'm 5'4, about 160 and I have a 38DD chest, and I took a shot and ordered a medium, even though my measurements went closer with XL-2XL. It is a little tight, but the material is stretchy, and like I said I took the chance and ordered 2-3 sizes down. I also plan on losing another 10-15 pounds, so by then it will probably fit perfectly, although it's adorable now!. I ordered the light blue polka dot because of the 50's-housewife vibe it had, but I'll admit it looks a bit costume-y with the petticoat added on. I think red or black would be more of a 'sexy' option. Overall though, I was pleased with how quickly it arrived and how it was made! I think it lives up to the hype!


