This dress is amazing! I wore it for out family holiday photos and it is beautiful! I got so many compliments when we went out to breakfast after our photo session.


Soft, stretchy fabric of the highest quality!  Using this as a bridesmaid dress for my wedding!


I'm 5'5" 140lb, I ordered a small and it fits perfectly! I love the heavy duty but also soft material.  Bought it for a wedding and it was perfect, got complimented on the dress and color all night!


I ordered the white dress. I'm 5'7 and 154 lbs and I got a large. Came in great condition. The dress itself is actually off white, but still beautiful. I wore this as a wedding dress and did put a 26inch petticoat underneath. The material has some stretch to it.


Fabric is beautiful, but could not zip beyond my waist. I am heavy-chested and usually wear 16X-18X. I ordered the XXL and it was way too small for my chest. The dress itself is really pretty.


A bit larger than stated.  Not too difficult to take in, though.  My teenager with little sewing experience looked up how to take it in on the internet and now it works perfectly.  She loves it!


I love, love, love this dress. Pay attention to their sizing chart. I wear a an 18-20 and the 18W fit perfectly.The biggest challenge for me in finding a dress is that the "girls" are big, my shoulders and frame are not, Generally if it fits in the bosom, it will be too big everywhere else. Not a problem with this dress.The dress is made of a slightly stretchy materiel that give you a little room for size forgiveness.


This is a 50's dress. Very flattering!!!!!  Well made. I bought it for a specific party - I will continue to finds parties to wear it to.


Got SO many compliments on this dress at the holiday party I went to!! My mother even said, I looked 40 pounds lighter!! I paired it with a belt and petticoat and even people I had never met told me how much they loved it.


I wore this dress to a wedding and it turned out perfect. I received a ton of complements. I also wore it with the petticoat under it.  The material was heavier than expected and it does stretch. The stretch worked since I am hourglass shaped and big busted. I'm 5'2" and 148 lbs. If it helps I wear a 36DDD and size 8 in jeans. With the right necklace and shoes this dress rocks!


