I got this vintage style dress in black and I am so very pleased! The moment I put it on I felt so beautiful. It's flattering and comfortable (thank goodness for stretchy materials!!)  I am considering ordering other styles from this designer! That's how lovely this dress is!


Was not too impressed with this dress. I had high hopes after reading reviews but the fabric was just way too clingy.


I love the look of this dress, but it took me 3 sizes to get the right fit. Right now, for clothes, I'm wearing inbetween a size 10-12. I started with a large...huge! Returned for a medium...still too big. Now the smal...just right! I don't wear a small in anything...except this dress. When you have the right fit this dress looks fantastic!


Fits okay i guess. Its a little long for me (I'm 5'4").


Love the fit, the fabric, and the style! I've paid more money for lower quality in the past, so I was so happy with the quality of this dress! 5/5 would buy again


Very retro. I feel like I need a martini and a vacuum in my hand with this dress.  Fits true  to size.  Pretty conservative.  If you are looking for retro with a little modern sex appeal don't  get this dress. But I think it's cute, and will wear it to church.


Fits great! Material is soft and slightly stretchy. I was very concerned about the size being too small but it fit exactly as it should. The dress comes very wrinkled because of the way it is packaged. If ordering this for an event/party, allow enough time to get it steamed or pressed.


These dresses are awesome I bought them for my bridesmaids. I bought sizes xs through L and each dress fit everyone's body type perfectly! Beware of knock offs, I tried to buy another size from a different online site and they came in really bad shape! They were poorly made, fluorescent colors and bad material. The Muxxn brand through amazon prime is the way to go! Well made and nice material


This dress is PERFECT! It fits like a dream and the fabric is amazing! I'm so in love with it that I'll probably end up buying more of them in different colors. Buy your exact measurements because it really fits like it says it will! LOVE, LOVE, LOVE. :)


I love this dress!  It fit well.  I bought it for an event and received so many compliments!  I highly recommend it!


