I bought this for my 13 year old daughter. The fit is perfect because the material has a stretch to it, hugs the body very nice. Love the look, feel, material, stretch, quality, and value of this item. If you go by the measure chart, you will enjoy your new dress. Also, came faster than expected. Thanks.


LOVE IT!!!! Everyone wants this when i have it on. Perfect size, snug at the waist, but i won't have it any other way. Just right! For reference i weight 149, I am 5ft 6in tall measuring 35, 29, 40


The reviews I read were spot on and this dress is amazing! So comfortable and fit perfectly! I am usually a size 12/14 and the large fits wonderfully! I would recommend this dress to any girl out there!


This dress was beyond my expectation! The material is comfy and the fit is perfect, it does have the 50s feeling which is exactly what I was looking for. I am 5'5.5" and 134 lbs, bust 34B and I ordered a medium, it drapes nicely to my middle calf. The dress is very flattering especially on the waist. I love it so much I ordered 4 different colors! All the colors are rich and pretty! Strongly recommend this beautiful dress!


Nicely made, material is very robust and has stretch, so it fits great.  Looks terrific. This color red is not as bright as the red in the Anni Coco's red dress, but will be fine for Christmas events. Excellent value for the price.


I love this dress- I want it in every color! I have the black and the green, both in a size large. I'm 5'9'' and right now I'm in between a size 14 and a size 12 (measurements 40-32-48). After reading the reviews I decided to go with a large instead of an XL and I'm glad I did. It fits beautifully, is very comfortable, and the length is great (it hits me just past my knees). It flares out nicely and just skims right over everything I don't want to show off haha. I didn't think I'd have much luck with this but I was pleasantly surprised! The green color is a little hard to describe though, it's dark, but bright at the same time. Not a grass green, but not hunter green- somewhere in the middle but very pretty and flattering.


I love this dress.  It fits perfectly, and when I wore it I got a ton of compliments.  The neckline is a bit more plunging than I anticipated, but not a deal breaker.  The fabric has a bit of give to it, and is a nice weight.  It is well made and is sure to be in my closet for a long time.


Very pretty dress.  It is a little smaller than I expected.  Make sure to check the correct sizing chart.  I didn't notice that there was another chart to use until I had already ordered my dress.  I wish I had seen it.


I'm incredibly pleased with this dress! Has some stretch to it, so it technically runs just right or slightly large.


The dress ended up slightly bigger than what I expected, in that I expected it to be a little tight, but rather fits perfectly, so to that end there are no complaints. It's stretchy and extremely flattering to my figure. I bought a petticoat for extra volume, but it doesn't really need one. It also twirls out beautifully when you spin, which was a great delight to me, since I bought it to wear to dances. All in all, a great buy


