Just got the dress and it's beautiful! The only qualm I have about it is the armpit seems to be tight and it accentuates my back rolls a little too much. Otherwise it's flow-y and pretty and fits very well in the bust. I'm 5'4 195lb and the size 18-20 fit perfectly!


I wish I had kept track of how many compliments I got on this dress the one time I've worn it. I wore it to a friend's wedding and as soon as I stepped out of the car I had bridesmaids, mother of the bride and groom, family friends and tons of others, gathered around me to ask where I got it. I probably sent 40 women the link to it that night.


This dress is GORGEOUS! Seriously.


I wore it with crinolines (because I'm just that amount of "extra") but it can totally be worn without. It's a good thick material but still breathable and floaty. The cut hides all of the things I wanted it to hide, while accentuating all the things I wanted it to accentuate. The bodice was snug enough to not slide around and gape open when I leaned over slightly, but not so tight that I couldn't breathe or that I felt squeezed in any way.


Seriously...I'm buying quite a few more of these dresses in the different patterns and I know I'll love them all just like I love this one.


Fabulous dress !


Reference: I ordered the SMALL as  I am 5'3" tall / 105-110# / wear 32c bra / waist is 26" / although the dress has stretch to it .


OMG ! I purchased this along with the 25" Rockabilly tutu slip and 4 other dresses in an attempt to decide what I was going to wear to my daughters wedding. They all arrived about 4 hours before wedding and once I opened this dress and tried it on there was no reason to even look at the other dresses. I absolutely love this dress- the fit and comfort is remarkable and the design looks so much more expensive than it actually was. The color is like a soft sky blue and ended up matching the wedding party colors perfectly. I decided to wear with the petticoat although my husband preferred it without, I am glad that I did as it is adorable.


CON : Although the zipper is hidden in the back if you look closely you can see where pattern doesn't line up. No big deal I did not pay designer price NOR could I afford to..


Wow, I LOVE this dress ... and so did the other two bridesmaids who bought it. The three of us wore these dresses to a wedding reception that was swing dance themed. Three different body shapes. And let me tell you: we ALL looked FABULOUS. I felt so pretty in this dress. It's so versatile! I added a red elastic belt to the waist and red crinoline underneath it and I looked awesome! You can dress it up or dress it down ... it's always cute. The fabric is SUPER high quality and very stretchy! I didn't feel like it made my rolls stick out, though. The folds on the chest were a little weird and people that are maybe a little more fastidious might care about that ... I personally don't. I would love to buy more or these dresses and wear them on the daily! And for the price??? You CAN'T go wrong with this dress. I feel like it should be a staple in every woman's closet ... especially women with vintage aesthetic. LOVE, love, love this dress.


I have several of these dresses and love them.  They are extremely comfortable.  You can size down, as the size chart runs a bit large (though, I do feel that this particular order of the blue/green plaid runs a little smaller...just a tiny bit, but I feel it will loosen up with wear...I have three of the solid colors and one print and none of them feel as snug...it's not much, but I noticed in the shoulders mostly).


My only complaint is that I would like more patterns available because there is a seam right down the center of the skirt and it's very noticeable with the solid colors.  If they could make the dress without that seam, it would be perfect, but as it seems to be a part of the dress for good, the patterns hide it a little better.


I absolutely love this dress, which I wore to my graduation. I expected the pink to be a little lighter, but after a quick rinse, it looked great. I love the detail and the workmanship. The top part does have more room in there than I would like, but it wasn't an issue for me. I like the length of the dress as well that goes below my knee. I am 5'5", 170 lbs and I ordered a Medium. The material is a bit stretchy, so I was able to zip it up with no problem. I received a lot of compliments, and I am happy with my purchase. :)


I love this dress! It's cute and flirty. It is very flattering and hides my stomach pooch without taking away from the shape of the dress. I was also very happy to find something with wider, but still cute shoulder straps so I can still wear a regular bra. The color was true to the picture. The fabric is a heavy and sturdy material.


My only complaint that I didn't notice when ordering is the click-to-open sizing chart at the top is different from the product description sizing chart. The product description lists the measurements as smaller than they really are, so I ended up buying and XL because it was more in line with my size, but the open box menu at the top was more accurate. I should have ordered a L.


This dress got an insane amount of compliments. I wore a petticoat and a padded push-up bra. It made for the best hourglass figure EVER. The fabric is printed on one side and white on the other, so I had to be careful not to accidentally flip the hem up when I stood up.


It's very comfortable, the pattern was perfect for a Hogwarts Christmas party - very Minerva McGonagall. I paired it with clip-on earrings (


)and a medium-sized black cropped bolero (


) and black heels. And a time-turner necklace.


It was a big hit with my husband, to say the least ;)


I love this dress- it's perfect! I wear an 18 usually and I'm 5'6 222 lbs, I got an XXL and it fit like a glove- it's a bit stretchy which I love. The zipper does get stuck on the back in one place but the seam in the dress but I love it too much to be bothered by that- is planning on wearing this to a bridal shower . I feel so pretty I wanted to just wear it all day when I tried it on.


This dress exceeded my expectations. It's always a bit of a crap shoot when ordering clothing online (in my experience anyway), and although I thoroughly read the reviews before purchase, I was still nervous - especially about size. I'm usually a 12/14 (36DD), but I ordered the XL and it looks great.  I do think that given the way the material moves, I probably could have ordered the Large instead, but the material sits beautifully and although It will be too big if I lose 5 pounds, I am going to keep it and order another one in a different color in Large at some point. I bought this for a 50s event coming up in July and am thrilled with the way it looks on. There is a lot of material in the skirt, so wearing it with the crinoline underneath it is a must for me (and something I wanted/expected to do anyway). The quality of the material is so much better than I expected, and I can't wait for the event!


