Ordered this dress for a summer wedding for the bridesmaids & everyone fell in love with the feel of the dress. The material has some give in it so it is not too tight.


Good dress for teenager


Love the fit, the material seems to be of good quality and well made. This is the second dress I have bought from them and am very pleased with both.


she really liked  I would order again from this seller


Cute! A fun party dress


I absolutely love this dress. I ordered 6 of these for bridesmaid dresses for my wedding and they were perfect. The material is heavy and not flimsy at all. I have bridesmaids all the way up from size small to the 2XL and these dresses are very flattering to all the girls. High waist line, not too low cut. Comes just to or right past the knee even on my tallest friend (She's 5'11") and my shortest (4'11"). The girls were able to wear any bra with this dress, didnt need anything special. The zipper is a little flimsy but once its up it stays up and you cant see it. It has about half an inch of tulle sewn to the bottom of it and is just flowy enough. Very beautiful dress. Very highly recommend it. Also very comfortable to wear. It does have stretch to it just a little so if you are in between sizes and are not sure you could wear a size smaller. My friend that wears a size 20-22 wears the 2x, my size 16-18 friend wears the XL, size 12-14 can wear the large, my friend in an 8-10 wears the Medium, and my friend that wears a 4-6 can wear the small. I do have a friend that wears a size 0-2 who ordered a small (they dont have an extra small) and it did not swallow her up. These dresses are also very easily taken in and let out. Not too formal and not too causal. Absolutely perfect!!!


''


Slightly loose on top; if you are busty it shouldn't be a problem


Good quality, recommend it.


Great dress! I wish pleats were sewed down so they would stay in place but, that's no biggie!


This dress is very flattering.  A little thin in the waist area.  I'm 5' 3 and it hits about an inch below my knees.


