This fit exactly like the size chart & the reviews by others said. Dress came on time & in good condition, its made of a good material that helps it not wrinkle so much. Adding a petticoat under the skirt gave me the look I was aiming for. After being disappointed with my 1st purchase for a similar style dress from another company this dress made me very happy!!


It was too large in the waist and the seam was way to obvious, however it is a pretty color and nice quality. I returned mine, but it is a pretty dress.


I have only tried this on and not yet worn it to an event, but I loved it when I tried it on.  It fit well and was a little stretchy which helped.  It was very flattering.  Much nicer than I expected!


5'5" 34 C-D made my chest look huge - which I don't care for. Very pretty, well made and retro


Very pretty, but when you wash it the front goes weird.  It is hard to iron because it is so weird.  Don't like it as much as expected


Great value.  nice looking at fits as described.  I was nervous buying clothes from Amazon.  This went well and I am quite happy with the dress.


Beautiful dress and lovely material (surprisingly for the price!) it was a little longer on me than I expected and I ended up returning it in favor of another dress I bought for a particular event but next time I need a vintage inspired dress, I will probably be re-purchasing this one.


I looked at many dresses before deciding on this one based on previous ratings. The dress arrived today, and I am thrilled with it! It fits perfectly, flatters in all the right places! I can go between a U.S. size 6 or 8--I went with a medium and am glad I did. The stretch in the fabric provides a little give if you need it, and makes it super comfortable. I am ordering another one of these as I think this is going to be a wardrobe staple for the rest of the summer!


It's great! Was not sure how it would fit my figure but it was wonderful. Used it for an old-timey costume and it was perfect. Paired it with a petticoat and it exceeded my expectations.


Super cute. A little more plain than I was expecting so I'm not gonna wear it out for a night on the town, but I think it will make a nice day dress and I'm gonna keep it anyway. Fit is perfect, and the panelling on the bust makes my top look great.


