Loved the look on my bridesmaids.  Just had trouble with color.  Ordered light sea-green, and it is a dark teal.  returned and reordered, got the same, so we used the teal!  See photos.


This is a super cute dress, and really high quality for the price.


That said, my experience was a bit hit-and-miss. I ordered 2 versions of this dress - the first color didn't suit me. The second pattern was adorable, the dress is extremely flattering, BUT the bust seams were sewn all wrong. The pleating over the bust was tucked unevenly into the sides, and resulted in a really weird puckering effect on each side of my breasts. Very odd.


It's kind of hard to see in pictures with the pattern, but the second dress definitely has a flaw. Sending it back (sigh).


Note: Dress slightly altered before photos.


This dress is beautiful and very comfortable - I'm very pleased with it! It is, however, larger than the sizing chart says. My measurements are 38" bust and 33" waist, 5'5" tall, and I ordered the XL, even though I am technically above the measurements in the sizing chart, but the dress was definitely loose, with noticable gaps at the neckline, both front and back. Luckily, I was able to correct this by taking out an inch or so at the shoulder, although this made the armholes a bit snug. If (when) I order again, I'll drop down to the Large for sure.  The fabric has plenty of stretch in it, and is bigger than described, so if you're on the fence, I'd definitely go with the smaller size. I'll likely buy this dress in another color (maybe several) because, fit issues aside, this dress is wonderful. The color and fabric are great, and I was very comfortable in it. In the photo, I'm wearing a petticoat for extra poof, but it has a bit of tulle trim built in around the hem for shape and looks just fine without the petticoat, too.


Love love this Dress !  I felt like I was back in the day of 1950 !


This was purchased for my daughter for prom.  It covers rather well, but I now understand why some reviewers have said it runs big.  While it technically did not run large, the amount of stretch in the fabric allows gravity to pull and the stretch does affect the fittedness of the bodice (I know, not a word).  I am on the fence about whether we would go one size smaller.  It may have helped with how the sweetheart neckline ended up a little larger than we were comfortable with, but then again it may not have.  She wore a black fitted undershirt to fix things as there wasn't time available to sew a bit of lace on.  It might help to know that the sleeve edge on the back of the dress has elastic and it pulled in more than we had expected. The Amazon picture makes it look like there is more sleeve, but the customer pictures were a little more accurate on that account, the actual sleeve on my daughter was somewhere in between.  All in all, the dress looked lovely on her and most people will not have issues with the items I have noted.  She really enjoyed it and it was comfortable (unlike many other girls at prom)  We paired this with long opera gloves and the proper tartan in a scarf to match her dates kilt.  We did purchase a petticoat, rockabilly 26", and that was needed to create the volume the picture implies.  I would definitely purchase this dress again.


Wonderfully cut dress. The fabric is great quality and will definitely hold up for a long time. The skirt is great for spinning! I got a S and it fit perfectly, I'm 5'7 and 130lbs. It fits pretty tight, but there is stretch. I wore this with Malco Modes vintage knee length petticoat.


If you are scent-sensitive, please use caution. I immediately regretted opening this dress because of the intense stink wafting off it, but I was determined to put it on because it looked so pretty online and had so many wonderful reviews.


Be prepared to order multiple sizes down from what you normally wear. According to the company's listed measurements I should have ordered an XL. According to Amazon reviews the dress runs large, so I ordered down a size. A large still swam on me. The material is very soft, slightly heavy, and super stretchy. Even with a larger chest and big hips, I still had a ton of room in the dress. (I wear XL shirts and size 12/13 jeans, for reference.) I think pregnant women would love this dress because it would work as their tummy grew.


I ordered the Light Sea Green, but unfortunately I ended up with a much darker teal. The color was still very pretty, but no where near as bright as I had anticipated.


I would have included a photo or two, but as mentioned, this dress reeks and I could barely stand to even try it on. As soon as I slipped it off it went right back into the packaging.


Having said all that, this dress really is gorgeous. It's definitely 'dressier' and would work well at weddings or other special occasions. It works with with or without crinoline, as well. I just wish it had worked for me.


This is a nice, flattering dress - purchased for bridesmaids in navy blue. The fabric has an odd feel to it - sort of the consistency of stretchy workout pants. But it feels nice when on and drapes nicely. The stretchy fabric means it's a good fit on different body types, the same size small fit a girl who is normally 4-6 in dresses, and a girl who is normally an 8 (albeit snugly). It's such a classy retro look, and gives a pretty hourglass shape. It does come quite wrinkled, but nothing an iron won't fix.


I'm updating my review to account for the second dress I ordered in white. I'm not as happy with the white dress, and it's probably because I can see the flaws better in a light color. The white is more of a light ivory than a snow white, which is fine, since I like ivory. The ruching at the top doesn't look neat, no matter how I iron it. Ironing was a real pain, and even after ironing the fabric has a weird texture that makes it look wrinkled. The seams really stand out on the white dress, and the front seam in particular is very noticeable. It didn't lay as well as the navy dress did, so I bought a petticoat, which really helped - 


 You can still see every lump and bump in the back, and the dress isn't even very tight, nor am I very large.


All things considered my advice is to only get this dress in a darker color, and wear a petticoat for the best draping on the skirt. Also, don't expect perfection - it is a nice dress, but far from perfect.


This dress overall is really gorgeous and great quality for the price. It's made of a thick cotton that feels good quality, it will likely both wash and wear well over time. The color is beautiful, it's perfect to dress up as a sexy evening dress or to wear every day in a vintage style.


 I'm a pear shaped lady so sometimes I need to order the larger size to fit my hips, but with this dress it wasn't necessary, if you're between sizes go for the smaller one. I inserted some photos and url about another dress I love so look through them for references,


,They did make a big difference on the shape of my waist and it did give me a slimmer appearance and smoothed out my lumps and bumps.The top part has two panels, one for the bust area and one to the waist. The bust area fits me well, but I'm not super busty for my size. One side of the top has pleats under the strap that are a beautful detail, I almost wish it was on both sides. The straps are quite wide, and the main grumble I had was they didn't sit well on me.


Overall, I really like this dress, and I'm very tempted to order it in a different pattern in a size smaller. If you're on the fence, order it, you won't regret it.Seriously considering buying in other colours as well - highly recommended.


I just received the green dress, and it is a beautiful true emerald green exactly as pictured! It is made of a nice thick Rayon/Cotton/Spandex blend that offers a little flexibility. I am 5'2, 118 lbs, and I ordered the small, which fits perfectly. The length is a good 5" past my knee (definitely work appropriate), and looks elegant enough to wear to a nice Christmas, or other party. Typically, I make my jewelry to go with my outfits, but this is the first time I bought a dress to match something I made.


I considered the dark green, but am thankful to the people who reviewed it, because an olive green would not have worked for me.


Best wishes!


