Wonderful quality. The stitching is strong and the material isn't too thick or thin. The color is very vibrant and hasn't faded even the slightest after washing. The detail at the bottom alone got me tones of complements at the wedding I attended recently. This is the dress that keeps on giving!


Thick material with a good stretch to it! It is slightly longer then I was expecting but wonderfully made. This will make a great Easter dress. I paired it with a petticoat for a full look!


Wish they made this in extra small....the small size is perfect for my 5'9, 135# daughter, but was too large for me, I'm assuming the small size is 4-6, and I wear a size 0-2.  Beautiful dress, Beautiful material- does have give/stretch, Very happy with purchase, especially since my daughter loves it!


Absolutely adore this dress. Definitely considering buying another one in a different color.


I really enjoy this dress. It is very black and the fabric is not thin. It is the perfect amount of thickness so It really hides my stomach. It is a little long but I am 5'6" and I don't mind doing a hem job. It is by fair my favorite dress purchase. It is very flattering and I will surely purchase another one. A+


Wore this to church with my boyfriend's family and everyone loved it. It's modest yet sexy. Beautiful dress! And it fit perfectly!


I love this dress! It looks great on the dance floor, espically with the recomened slip under neath. The material feels nice and has alot of stretch. This is the second one I have bought. Different color. I would highly recommend this dress to anyone! I am 5'7 136 lbs and a small fits me great!


Beautiful! I am going to turn heads at my brother's engagement party! The fabric is stretchy and comfortable and the dress flair beautifully without the need for a petticoat. My new fave dress!


Wore it once and the zipper completely detatched itself!!!! It was so not worth the price!! I emailed the customer service email a month ago and still have not gotten a response! Do not waste your money!!!


It fits great and can't beat the price too. Adorbs!


