This little number has Valentine written all over it.  I love the bodice and the bustline and the shoulder where the sexy shows without revealing too much. I love the way it flares out at the bottom.  I can't wait to do the East Coast Swing in this hot little number.


Absolutely beautiful dress. High quality material and looks incredibly flattering and classy. Be sure to buy a size down, because this definitely runs large. I am a true size large and bought a Medium, and it fit perfectly.


I'm 6' 0" and found the length to be entirely too long without some kind of petticoat or something underneath (it came about 3.5" above my ankle). The material is soft, very stretchy but I found the folds along the bust to be impossible to steam/iron back into place. Lovely color, but had to send it back due to odd length and impossibility of ironing.


I loved it! It looks amazing, very vintage! I got a size medium and I was scared that it would fit too small. I read the reviews and I figure the the large may be too big. I honestly could have probably even squeezed into a small. It's a very stretchy material but looks heavy. I'm usually a size 12-14 in dresses because of my 38 D chest. In t-shirt I fit into a small / medium.


I had to order this dress in 3X because i wear a 32JJ bra (47" around) and I am actually a size 10 in jeans.  I will have to have the bodice altered, as usual. But, I put it on and "the girls" fit perfectly into it!!  The fabric is very nice and it does have a little "petticoat"/tulle sew onto the base/hem of the dress and it is stretchy and soft.  Great little dress for my company Holiday Party.  I ordered red and it was true to the image on the screen.


Adorable!  Nice quality material, much better than I expected. Flattering, tea length. Somewhat stretchy fabric which allows for adorble fit. Love this dress and for a very inexpensive price.


The dress is beautiful but the fabric quality isn't so great, It's thin. It came on time with no problem whatsoever (2 day shipping) I used this dress for a Halloween costume, I got many compliments on the dress though (:


I love this dress! I am 5'4", wear a 10-12, hourglass figure and bought a large. It is awesome. The material is thick and it looks well made, the material stretches so I probably could have gotten away with a medium but I wear a 32F bra and was worried about having enough room in the chest. I love the look and feel of it, I will definitely buy another one (or more). My only complaint was that it didn't ship for almost 8 days after I purchased but it only took 2 days to get to my house. So I wouldn't expect it if you need it at the last minute but the dress is beautiful and I would definitely buy from them again.


Fit great! Looked great , has a little stretch which is good if you're on the fluffy side :)


The zipper can be a little better quality , it gets stuck in the bottom but it's not biggie.


Tip: wear the petti coat under


The dress doesn't fluff up on its own as much


VERY WELL MADE, ACTUALLY IMPRESSED WITH THE DRESS. I ORDERED A LARGE AND I AM 5'3 160LBS. I REALLY THINK I SHOULD HAVE ORDERED A MEDIUM BUT WITH A BELT I SHOULD BE FINE. SINCE I AM SHORT I WILL TAKE IN ABOUT A INCH OFF THE BOTTOM. LIKE I SAID WELL MADE DRESS NOT CHEAP SEE THRU FABRIC LIKE I WAS SCARED OF.


