Absolutely in love with this dress, it fits like a glove and was exactly what I was looking for. My fiance is in the Navy and we have a formal dinner coming up in a month and I was worried I wouldn't be able to find anything that was elegant bit still fun. I bought the advertised underskirt to go with it and I am so glad I did, it flares the bottom out just enough to make the dress that more amazing. Definitely going to be buying this dress in the different colors.


I love the super stretchy material. I ordered the dress according to my measurements  (40, 35, 40). Per the sizing chart, is a size large or size 10-12 in U.S. sizes. When I got the dress, the tag read size Large or U.S. size 8 and UK size 12. I was worried, since I normally wear a size 10-12 in US sizes. The dress fit perfectly. Order according to the size chart and the dress will fit perfectly......don't worry about what the tag says. The material is good quality and very stretchy. The dress is comfortable to wear. I added a black belt and black  petticoat for a rockabilly wedding but the dress could easily be worn daily without the petticoat.


The dress is high quality. I bought this and the red and black one.


The material is heavier and has more elasticity compared to the red and black one.


I bought a size xsmall and it fits much better than the size small red/black dress.


It fits me like a glove and I weigh 112-115 lbs. So, if you don't want it to be skin tight at the top you might want to go up one size if you're like me.


I kept both of them. I'm 5'2" and it slightly below my knees.


Even though this was too large. It was darling! I lost my tags and couldn't return it so someone is going to get a brand new darling dress. I bought the large because of the reviews I read. I needed a medium and bought one. It is a wonderfully fun dress and I really love it. I'm 5'4" and weigh 144 lbs. That was just way too big for my curvy self. I would highly recommend this dress in the right size.


I am into 40s and 50s fashion. This dress is exquisite - color is as pictured and is gorgeous!  It fits like dresses should - tight to the waist and then flares out at the hip. Can be worn with or without a petticoat and I'm a romantic who ordered her petticoat! Dress zips up the back so you will need a significant lover, uh other, to help you in and out.  A 3/4 sweater would be a good pairing along with some nude or gold heels


I ordered the light blue polka dot version.  It's just precious!  I ordered a size larger than I usually wear just in case, but it wasn't necessary. A quick seam down each side made it fit perfectly. The fabric is mostly cotton with a little bit of spandex for stretch.  It is well made and modest.  My only small objection is that the polka dots are painted on rather than woven in.


This is a dress that you can wear any where.  It's feminine and comfortable and swings when you move!


GREAT dress! I read a ton of the reviews and took all the advise about sizing. True to color and better quality than I thought it would be. Love it and can't wait to wear it out!  The dress is stretchy but not too clingy since the material is a little thicker than some stretchy fabrics and it flows really nicely.  The bust is a little loose on me, but I'm not super big on top so that is probably why, a good bra or a little push up is all it needs if you're a little smaller in the bust.  I got the large size, I'm 5'2"/145#/36B. I usually wear size 8 or 10.


I am looking for an excuse to wear this again.


It has an amazing twirl!! It is very comfy and becoming! I wore this to a swing dancing event and had multiple compliments on the dress. I purchased and xl (I wear a 14-16) and it was awesome! Maybe a tiny bit tight on the belly, but I wear some sort of tummy control with dresses anyway... So it was perfect! And actually if you wear it with a petticoat it didn't really need spanks.


I don't usually buy clothes online because it's so difficult to tell whether something will fit and returns are a hassle.  I ordered this dress because there were so many lovely pictures of women wearing it who were gushing about how well it fit and how happy they were with the purchase.  I'm happy to report that I love this dress, it fits perfectly according the sizing provided and I feel gorgeous in it!


I ordered XXL and XXXL planning to return the one that didn't fit.  I sent back the XXXL, I have been losing weight and am now about a size 16. I will need to wear smoothing undergarments until I lose a few more pounds or do some firming up, Follow the sizing chart/measuring guidelines that is one of the item images, not the Amazon sizing chart link to order.


Over all I'm thrilled with this dress.  I've ordered a tulle petticoat and can't wait to wear this for an anniversary dinner. Thanks to all the reviewers who posted before me that included your US dress size, the size that fit and your descriptions.


