The dress was amazing, the fit was perfect. I ordered a medium and it for as expected. The quality is good and it looks good with and with out a petticoat.


I love this dress! The fabric is of excellent quality (accessed by both the texture of the fabric as well as the moderately heavy weight).The fabric is also permissively stretchable. The dress has a little netting trim (that I suppose is supposed to look like it is part of a petticoat), which was rolled over a stitched and looked quite nice. Another plus to this dress is that it IS machine-washable. The tag says "wash separately, professional dry clean recommended", but honestly I just washed it with a bunch of other delicate things (like sweaters, other delicate dresses, lingerie in net wash bags, etc.) on the delicates cycle with fabric softener and it came out like new. I think in general they just want to discourage you from washing it with rough things like jeans or bras (the hooks could catch the trim or otherwise rip up the dress) which I can see damaging/wearing the fabric a bit.


The dress is overall very flattering, even on a short girl who usually stays away from dresses that fall below the knee (this one falls slightly below the knee).I agree with other reviews that it does look better with a crinoline underneath, but still looks very pretty without one. The one (very little) complaint that I have is that the cap sleeves were a bit uncomfortable as they either felt a bit tight or kept riding up. But honestly this was such a minor issue that it can be easily dealt with or overlooked (no dress can be absolutely perfect unless it is custom made! :P).


The sizing of the dress appears to  be true to size. I am 5'4" and about 140 lbs with a bust of about 38", hips of 41", and waist of 30" and ordered a 12. The waist was a bit loose, but I honestly feel that anything tighter not only would have constricted my waist, but also compromised the fit elsewhere and caused the dress to look to like it was too small and be uncomfortable. If I really wanted the issue fixed I am sure I could have the waist taken in a bit, but currently it is such a non-issue that I am not concerning myself with it.


I would definitely recommend this dress to anyone who is looking to buy a cute, retro little black dress!


Wow what a dress if fits like a glove and looks great on I'am still waiting for the two petticoats to fill out the skirt of the dress all and all it is retro 1950's and fabulous . I would buy from this company again and would recommend them to everyone.


Pretty, well-made dress.  I normally wear a size 10-12 (US sizing), and the size Large fits like a glove!  The fabric is a bit heavy, so I'm not sure if it will be too hot for ballroom dancing, but if it is, I can always wear it as a cocktail dress (without a big, full petticoat).


Dress is very nice. Fits great.


This dress was way too small. Especially in the bust.


fast shipping beautiful and extremely comfortable.  I gave it to someone.  Very nice. Should have ordered smaller size.


I absolutely LOVE this dress!  It is so flattering and super comfortable.  Great for hourglass shapes with big chests and gives some nice definition.  I like the high back, so you can wear a regular bra with ease.


I read the other reviews and as a result I ordered one size down and it fit perfectly. I normally would have ordered an extra large, but I ordered a large instead.


a little big. but adorable. nice thick fabric. very strechy. modest chest line.


