Wrinkles very, very  easily! And difficult for me to iron with all the folds. Also, if you dry it in the dryer, it picks up lint so easily that you'll be pulling it off for a while. Regardless, very cute!


I am 5'2 and about 140 lbs and the small fits perfectly. It is a nice material that stretches a bit and doesn't wrinkle as long as it is properly maintained. I first bought the navy blue dress and wore it to work a few times. After many compliments I decided to buy the green one. I am pleased with both colors and will probably order more in the future. I think the dress looks fine without a petticoat skirt underneath. It's a very full skirt and perfect for twirling around. I dry clean them instead of hand wash.


Great feel, super comfy! This is a nice dress. Only complaint is the zipper sticks..it was brand new but I struggled with the zipper.


The dress fits perfectly and the material has good weight. I like this dress, the only bummer is that the description says the color is burgundy when it really is a darker red. I wish the inside was lined. I bought it for a wedding but since it is not a true burgundy I had to search for a different dress. I'm keeping this one for another occasion. A petty coat would help to make the bottom of it look more like the picture.


I love it! Even if it is a tad bit large, once I get the underthings on, I am sure that it will be fine! I just love the style and the dress is very sturdy material! I was surprised at how thick the material is!


This dress is amazing! The stretchy material allows for curves to be showed off, but covered well.  I am a triple D and ordered one size larger just to be safe and it fits AWESOME! The "burgundy" color is really more of a red, but a darker red, not garrish at all! Was thrilled with the color, quality, and price!


Just like the other reviews, this dress is truly perfect! You can wear it cassual or dress it up. I wore a petticoat with it for that good ol retro look for a wedding and it was a hit, everybody loved it and complemented on how lovely I/the outfit was. (Talk about an ego boost lol)


If you're thinking of getting this dress, do it! You won't be dissapointed. :)


Way to long for 5'4 had to have it altered where she removed 5 inches so it fit like the picture described. Very heavy like a formal gown seams are strong and universal for other occasions. ❤️


The alterations cost more than the dress so keep that in mind if you are 5'4 or less. Honestly I think it would fit someone who is 5,8-5,9


Beautiful dress. Very flattering on the bust line and the cap sleeves are nice if you feel uncomfortable wearing sleeveless dresses. The waist line is slimming and the skirt flares away so it does not accentuate a larger bottom or thighs. The color is a muted red. You cannot see in the photo but a little bit of the tulle shows on the bottom which I like. I can see myself wearing this for a wedding or a formal garden party. I normally wear a 10 or twelve and this fit perfectly


I ordered this dress for my company Christmas party. I'm about a size 12, and breastfeeding, so based on the reviews I ordered a Large. It fit perfect! It has a perfect amount of stretch that fit nicely over the "girls". The material was thick and heavier than I was expecting for the price. I received a lot of compliments, and felt comfortable all night...except for the heels, those came off eventually and I slipped my flip flops on.


