This thing fits like a glove. I am so madly in love with these dresses that I am now in possesion of 6 of them; light sea green, emerald, rose, yellow, dark blue and black. They all fit perfectly and they are gorgeous!!


After reading many reviews on this dress, I wasn't sure what size to buy. Many people said it stretches, so get a size smaller. Some said it runs small so get a bigger size. I am holding onto some extra weight and am still in denial that I don't wear a medium in clothing right now. I should definitely be buying a large in clothing. It was tough for me, but I ordered a large in this dress. I'm glad that I did because it's almost too small. It's pretty uncomfortably tight in the sleeves. If I lose some weight it will fit much better.


But it is a very cute dress. I got it in the sunflower print. I'm tempted to order the black too since I'm sure it will be flattering.


I actually bought a size up. But the xxl is not big enough for a 42dd. I kindof look like uniboob.


The navy blue is pretty. And my hubby says the dress looks awesome on me, but I dont feel as pretty in the dress as the other reviewers do.


I do like that the dress has cleavage cover. And that it flares out. I bought a crinoline and it helps give that vintage look.


This dress is gorgeous!!! The large is perfect for me, I'm 1.78m tall and a 38C bust. A thick waist belt works really well with this dress too.


This dress is great! It's somewhat stretchy and hugs the body perfectly, Because it was stretchy, the small actually fit me a it better, but the medium wasn't too large either (so I technically could wear both), plus it comes in so many colors! I ended up buying one of the red floral patterns as well. the dress comes down a little past the knee. I looks perfect with a petticoat underneath to help flare the dress as well (see image below: yellow is without petticoat, red/white is with). We are a dance group using these dresses for a performance, so we bought quite a few dresses to compare, and this was the winner!


I got this dress in white, and as much as I wanted to love it, there were a few problems. First, the fabric was see-through through my ribcage, where you could obviously tell where the seams were etc. Second, even though I measured for the size, the folds across the bust wee strange and flipped up and wouldn't lay flat. Unfortunately, this dress is going back.


This dress was a bit longer than I expected and/or I have short legs.  I had this dress hemmed from mid calf to just above the knee and wore it with a petty coat.  It was extremely comfortable, breathable material.


Loved this dress. Wore it for my Breakfast at Tiffanys themed bridal shower. Great quality and appeared to be well made. Got lots of compliments. Super fun dress!


I've never been able to order clothes online because they don't fit once I try them on.  This was PERFECT! Came in one day and fit perfectly and looks great! I'm size 6, 5'2", 125 lbs on a good day.  Highly reccomended.  Going to see if buying more colors of this dress is within my budget :P


This dress is absolutely amazing! Great price, super comfortable, exactly what I was expecting. It needed a quick ironing, and I would highly recommend getting a petticoat to go with it.


