This is a beautiful drest. Material is a nice thick material with lots of stretch to it.  I'm 5'1 170 pounds and 10 month's post baby (so I still have a bit of a belly), and I ordered the Medium.  I felt it had a very flattering fit, the hem hit just past my knees.  This dress was of the highest quality compared to some of the other similar brands on Amazon.


This dress was perfect. I bought it to wear as a bridesmaid wedding later this month and it came in good thing in case I need to alter --- but I don't ever need to alter My dresses from this vendor.


Also I gained a few lbs and I usually wear size 12/14 but I'm now 14/16 and would have gotten large, but I went for 2xl just to be save. I probably would have been find with the XL but I like the flow and extra room 2xl gave me.


Only little issue is with the zipper.


Once I've put mg dress together for the wedding, I'll take pics and update my review.


Super cute and fun! It fit as expected and my daughter loved it. It was comfortable and looked great.


I was slightly hesitant to purchase this because of my size and buying dresses without trying them on just never seems to work out for me. One of the other reviewers attached photos of herself in the dress and gave her chest size so I decided to go for it...SO glad I did!


I love this...I LOVE THIS! I bought it in red and when I get paid I am coming back to buy it in black too!


This is super cute and flattering. Has a nice heavy material, but not smothering...point is it should hold up with wearing and washing.


I got a petticoat to wear under it and it really adds to it, but is not required for cuteness.


Highly recommend!


Perfect dress! The material is much better than I expected. While I think it would look great with a petticoat, I don't think it's needed to make the dress look fantastic.  Dress fits pretty true to size with plenty of stretch. I'm a size 12 with a 36 DD bust and the large fit like a glove. I did pair it with a $7 belt from Amazon as well to complete the look.


I had to order this dress as a last minute replacement for something else I'd ordered that got lost in shipping (different dress/different seller). I was worried about the fit since I had seen some people say it was bigger than expected and others that the bust was too small. I'm usually a size 12 (MAYBE a 10 in some clothes) and after reading the size chart, the XL was perfect! It's got some stretch to the material which I didn't really need but added to the overall comfort of the dress. It was wrinkled from being folded up but I used a warm iron on it and they came out easily - but do NOT iron this dress direct. I started to and instantly felt something was wrong so I laid a pillowcase on top and ironed it to protect the fabric and still get the wrinkles out. It feels like a good quality dress especially for the price. I got so many compliments during the night and everyone loved the old school pin-up feel to the dress. I paid for expedited Saturday shipping (which was as much as the dress) and it showed up bright and early Saturday.


For the price, this was great.  The material is very stretchy, so as long as you have appropriate undergarments, feel free to round down.  The very top of the sweetheart neckline buckled a little bit.  I almost solved the problem with some safety pins around my bra, but I think the seams aren't quite perfect, because it just lays funny.  But the skirt is a full circle skirt - excellent for dancing!  I wore it dancing and had a wonderful time!


It is a bright red color, which is different from what the picture looks like, but it is still really pretty. I think I like it even more than I originally did when I first saw it online. It is a very stretchy material and very comfortable! I wore a petticoat under the dress to make it look like the picture, otherwise it is flat without one. I am 27, 5'9, weigh 170, 34D and have an athletic build. I could wear this all day and not be uncomfortable. I bought this for Dapper Day at Disneyland. Will post a picture in an update!


Here is the update with picture. :)


Would definitely buy this dress again!


I was rather disappointed when I finally tried the dress on (which was months after I purchased it). While the length and middle area fit fine, the chest area is a hot mess because the sew job is such a low quality to the point that I can't even wear the dress. I wish I could return and get my money back, save your self the disappointment and don't buy.


Flattering dress.  I'm 5'7" (and 150 and I got a medium) and this dress hits me well below my knee.  I'm not sure if that's normal because based off the reviews, I expected it to be at the bottom of my knees.  I'm hippy and the dress flows below the waist very nicely.  I wish the dress had a side zipper or unzipped about 3 more inches down to account for putting the dress on over hips :)  I'll just put it on over my head, and I can fit it over my hips due to stretch, but I don't want to pull the zipper stitching.


