Beautiful dress, I'm able to wear it with or without a petticoat and it looks good with either. It's a tad to big even though I ordered slightly smaller than I usually wear but this isn't a big deal. The material does stretch as well and it offers full coverage in the front.


The fit is pretty true to size and the cut of the dress is adorable. The material is AWFUL...its is like thick plastic. It is not soft and does not move nicely - thank goodness it's for a costume because I wouldn't wear this out otherwise.


The color is beautiful, and it fits pretty well. It's a little loose in the chest and a bit longer than I expected, but I'm still really happy with it. The material is stretchy and very comfy!


Great dress for a great price! Based on the measurements provided I hesitated to order a medium, but I'm glad I did as the large would have been too large. In most brands I'm a size 6 to 8. My bust is 35", waist 30", hips 39.5". The medium size was form-fitting but still comfortable to wear.


This dress was a beautiful and perfect fit. My wife wore it to my office Christmas party and looks absolutely gorgeous. It has a timeless shape and fit and is totally classy.


It arrived with some wrinkles due to packaging, of course I received it on the day she needed to wear it. OK, because it is made up of a fabric blend that will melt if ironed, I was careful to not touch the iron to it at all. I used it on the steamiest setting and the wrinkles fell away.


The material is comfortable and stretchy. There were very few


Lovely dress. I am 5'2 155lbs and it was a bit tight in the arm and bust area for getting a large. The waist was perfect and I'm not sure an xl would have solved the problem.


I ordered this dress because I am playing a maid in my highschool spring play. I got this dress because (let's face it) there is no appropriate maid costume on the face of this earth anymore. At least not one I could find in 4 months of searching. I found this dress and it is modest, and comfortable. It was a little big, but I don't blame the making of the dress, I just lost 13 pounds after ordering it and I can always get it taken in. Looks great and feels great!


Great quality for the cost! The dress is weighty and well-constructed - not cheap feeling or looking at all. I added a petticoat underneath for the perfect fullness, because it just isn't complete without it! I am a solid 12/14 and the large was a little larger than I expected but it will do.


I love this dress. I wish I ordered a size smaller though. I normally wear a medium but it's a little big. I bought a waist belt to go with this dress to really give it some flavor. I love the material and it is a well made dress.


LOVE this dress! It's absolutely beautiful on! The pictures just don't do it justice! I ordered it for a wedding and it arrived quickly! I also ordered the petticoat to wear with is however I opted not to because it's just as beautiful without it! I can't wait to wear it again!


