This is truly a dress that I was happy with from the second I took it out of the package.  The stretch in the fabrric was just enough to ensure both great fit and comfort.  I will be buying another color!


I like it, but the crossover at the front is hard to iron and a little floppy.  The chest measurement was too small in my normal size, so I ordered up a size from normal.  I wish I hadn't.  The material is really stretchy, and could definitely have held everything.


Loved this dress for Valentine's Day.. Got the large at first and had to go to a medium.... I want in every color.


This is the dress my bridesmaids wore for my wedding. This dress looked great on all of them. If you're deciding between two sizes, I would go with the smaller one. This dress has some stretch to it. It looks great with accessories!


I love this dress! The green is a nice dark green. You could call it forest green or emerald green. It fits beautifully and it's perfect dress for anyone and for people who have bigger hips (like me)! I did purchase a petti coat to go with the dress and it looks way better with one, but it still looks good without one. I'll be ordering a dress from here again soon!


Pretty color but some fit issues here.


The waist sits lower than is typically flattering.


The material is thin and very snag-proned.


I ordered one dress then ended up ordering TWO more (all in different colors and patterns). This dress is incredibly comfortable and it looks extra cute if you put a petticoat under it.  It's very easy to "fancy" this dress up with jewelry but it is also a good dress for less dressy occasions.  I will probably order it in another color or two.


I absolutely cannot wait to wear this for my man on Valentine's Day! It's so sexy! Beautiful color (I got the brick red/burgundy one), great stretchy, comfy fabric, and even better, it fits amazingly well! I range in size from a 14 to an 18 in US women's sizes, and the XL fit perfectly.  The only thing I'm sad about it that I didn't order a petticoat to go with it. I will certainly be ordering more dresses from MUXXN.


Fits true to size & it's flattering to this curvy girls figure.  Loved it so much, I'm getting it in another color!


Just a beautiful dress. Fits perfectly as it has some give in the bust line. I bought the orange petticoat and can not wait to wear it this holiday season. I will buy another petticoat so I can have a choice.


