It's a really cute fit, and the fabric is also quite nice.  Dress comes just a shade above the knees, so it's pretty modest, but also sexy.  It seems like it would fit a lot of body types as well.  My best friend (who's 5'9, 150 pounds) and I (5'7, 115 pounds) bought it in different colors and it looked good on both of us.  Dress is true to color pictured as well (I got the teal).


Love this dress, material is very comfortable. Definitely recommend this dress. I wear a size 12 so I bought a size large. I plan to purchase a different color for another event!


I love it. Super cute on. Fits well on a pear shaped gal like myself. For more fullness you may want to consider getting a crinoline to wear underneath but it's not necessary.


Measure measure measure - then order! Such an amazingly beautiful dress! Material is strong but flexible. It fits perfectly - because I measured! Get the hint ;) the material feels thick, but not heavy. I'm wearing this to a late May wedding in PA and think it'll be perfect!


Material is wonderful and fits perfect.


This dress fit according to the measurements. What the description didn't say was the fabric was much nicer than pictured, almost a little satiny, well constructed, very pretty. It came quickly and well packed.  It was very black, which was really good. The picture looked a little faded.


I r as other reviews that told me to go a size up..I think I would have been done with my regular size but it's still a good fit. It's a really good fabric, a lot heavier than I expected. I ordered the green and it is the same color as picture. Overall a very good purchase.


I ordered one size larger and fit perfect. Very well made. Wore it to a wedding and received numerous compliments.


I used the measurement chart, and I was exactly the measurements for an XL. It fits snugly but not too tight. It looks great with the 50s petticoat to make the skirt stand out a bit and swing. I was concerned that the top might be too big, but it is very flexible, and flattering for a medium bust line.


I love this dress so much I bought a second one. Cute, flattering, and retro. I wear it all the time and everywhere.


