I loved the fit of this dress! I am 5'6", 190 with a 43" bust and 36" waist . The dress was comfortable and flowed nicely. It stretched in all the right places to be comfortable while showing off the curves! Looks great with a white or ivory petticoat. I wore this dress for my rainbow bright costume. It is a vibrant blue I can definitely wear again to go out with my husband. I received several compliments.


I don't normally write reviews, but I love, love, LOVE this dress. I originally bought it because I wanted a yellow swing dress for the live-action Beauty and the Beast premiere, but I never want to take it off. It fits like a dream with slightly stretchy material. I am quite busty, like 40J busty, and am often skeptical about buying anything online, but I took a chance and am so glad I did. Because of the way the top is made, it would work for almost any woman. Absolutely perfect!


I bought this in a size XXL because I am very busty.  Should have bought it one size down because it is very stretchy.  It still fits well but I definitely could have went a size down.  It doesn't make you feel like you are going to show a ton of cleavage like some dresses made with this type of cut in the bodice.  It very well made.  I came back and bought it in the red in an XL.  Can't wait to get it.  Will have a hard time deciding which one to wear.


This was my first time ordering clothing online and I was a little afraid that it may not fit. However when I receive the dress and tried it on it was absolutely perfect! I took the advice of another reviewer and ordered a size smaller  because the fabric stretches and that worked out great for me. It's a heavy fabric and once I have it professionally pressed it will be beautiful.


Gorgeous, flattering, well made dress. Seam positioning running down front center prevents the fifth star because this seems like a silly place to put a seam. I adore this dress and will buy from this company again!


shipping was fast and dress is well made


I love this dress, it is very comfortable and looks very nice, received a lot of compliments.  I am pear shape, very heavy on the bottom and small on top, I would say difference between my top and bottom about 2 sizes top size 12 (38C), bottom 16, 5'9" tall, purchased XL. This dress is very stretchy, probably would fit into 1 size smaller, it is a little bit loose on top, but not very noticeable, falls below knees, that a plus for me. I purchased belt for it, as waist line on the dress is a little bit higher than my waist.


The zipper broke the first time I put it on. The zipper never worked well to begin with! Will be trying to get a refund.


I LOVE this dress.  I haven't worn it yet, but have only tried it on.  But, it fits perfect and I love the material - it's stretchy and well made.  I am 5'4"  - 150 and ordered the medium.


Really enjoyed. I'm 5 foot 1' 150lbs and this fit me mostly. It was a little big in the bust but I'm more a pear than hour glass. I would love to include the pic but don't see how :-(


