I love this dress and it fit perfectly. I feel beautiful in it.


Perfect fit, perfect fabric! Love it!!


I sized up one size as the other reviewers recommended, the material is nice and stretchy but not thin or revealing. I worried that it would be too short because I'm tall but it's literally perfect, i want one in every color!


Beautiful dress, great fi and shape. Poor quality material and AWFUL zip. I have had a total wardrobe malfunction as the zip came apart while at work today. Really disappointed.


Great dress at this price. I measure 38 in the bust and 27 in the waist and was hoping the medium sized dress would be TIGHT as that was the look I was going for but I'd say it fits more respectfully which is fine, just surprising.The bust and waist have a little room leftover and I wanted more of a bombshell look. I wish it had a belt as I'm going to have to find something so it's not too loose. Also, there is no fabric content label which is disconcerting. I was hoping it would be more of a bright, emerald green but it looks just like the photo, closer to forest/hunter green.


Overall, cute and flattering dress with lots of stretch.


(don't know why it says I ordered XL- maybe cause M is out of stock?)


Very cute dress.  It is a from fitting dress and is a tight fit.  You may want to order it a size larger then what you usually order.


This is a perfect "buy on line" kind of dress.  I'm always worried about the fit but this dress has give in every direction so it looks great.  My size is in between the options given so I took a chance and got the smaller size.  It fits well without looking like I crammed myself into it.  The color is great.


Beautiful well made dress! I recommend getting a size smaller.


Got like a glove love the dress.


The color was a nice deep green.  Dress fit true to size.  I ordered a small and I usually wear a size 4/6.  I ended up returning this though because it is very heavy material.  It was not was I was expecting and did not work for the occasion. I was planning on wearing the dress to.


