really long and larger than expected


A little too gappy in the upper back, but not enough to require tailoring. Looks gorgeous on - it was a hit for my daughter's winter gala!


Love this dress! Fit is perfect although I bought a size smaller because of the give as other people had stated. Very well made and a great price!


I did an order for this dress very last minute and the measurements were SPOT ON! The fabric fits so nicely and it is such a delight to wear! Thank you for having such a beautiful quality and for transporting me back in time!


Great dress really flattering. Only small complaint I have is the seems on the skirt. One of which runs right down the front of the dress. Not super noticeable but as someone who makes a lot of my own clothes and knows how avoidable this is it really bugs me. Other than that it's amazing.


I am a retired minister but I am still asked by friends and family to officiate a wedding, baptism etc., this dress is really perfect for so many occasions professionally and personally. The fit was perfect as stated in the fitting instructions. The color was perfect, (I get tired of black all the time!) Thank you so much!


LOVE THIS. Bought it for a birthday party and was pleasantly surprised.


This is a very nice dress, I received lots of compliments when I wore it. I had to have the top altered the creases do not lay smooth as they should, it looked as if the top had extra fabric. I tried ironing them down, ended up getting a seamtress to sew the creases down, overall it is a pretty dress.


I loved this dress. It fit beautifully, looked great, and inspired great compliments when I wore this. However, just a note that I didn't expect. This is dry clean only. However, it's well worth that. I am looking forward to buying this in another color and I would love to try it with a petticoat underneath.


This was a gift for my mom and it was BEAUTIFUL on her.


If you're a curvy woman and think you wont look good in this dress THINK AGAIN!!


It's beautiful, elegant, and sexy.


