Due to the fact the material has a great stretch to it you should order the size you usually wear. I went a size up as the sizing chart made me feel I best. It still fits good, but the smaller size would have been good. I am very pleased with this dress. Very nicely made.


This dress was purchased as a bridesmaid dress. It is beautiful. Nice quality, and I will definitely find a reason to wear it again. I got so many compliments at the wedding on how oretty it looked and the shade of red is gorgeous.


I needed a dress for a swing dance party within a few days, so I took a chance ordering this with Prime 2-day shipping in order to get it before the weekend.


I'm really glad I did! It's good quality for a low price, really cute, and very flattering.


My only caveats are


That I originally considered getting it in a size medium (I wear a size 8 US or so) but saw in the reviews that the sizing runs big and the material is quite stretchy. I ordered a size small and it's pretty much perfect. A TINY bit loose in the waist, but I'm wearing a belt over it, so it doesn't matter at all.


Also, I got this in the red, so be advised that the color in person is a bright cherry red (which I love) and not the darker red implied by the photos.


I think I'll be getting a lot of use out of this dress and will probably get more MUXXN dresses in the future if this is an indication of what I can expect.


Love the dress. It's got cap sleeves and made of a stretch kind of material so comfortable, and little layer of crinlin makes it beautiful. A must buy!


one you understand that the sizes are Asian and you have to jump up or down X 2 then the they fit like a dream.  I have traveled with my prior MUXXN dresses and they do great and get loads of compliments, especially when you add the crinolines underneath to get the full 1950s effect.  I now own 4, two this design and this one needed no alterations.


Beautiful dress. Slightly thick fabric, very stretchy. I wish I would have ordered a size small instead of a medium, there really is quite a bit of "give" in the fabric, so it isn't as form fitting or flattering as it should be.


Bought the dress for a singing review for my grand daughter, which required her to wear a white dress.  The dress was beautiful on her.  Thanks.


This dress is very cute! However, it was just worn once and within six hours the zipper split apart and the back of my bra was exposed out in public until someone told me.  It is a shame that the deadline to return this dress has passed.


I would buy this dress again in a different color it is a nice dress


LOVED this dress. It was so comfortable and it was a great length. I wore it for a Kentucky Derby party. I purchased a M. I am 5'5, 140lbs. I could have probably gone with a small...but the medium was comfortable and left extra room without me having to worry about me sitting and fat rolls showing. The length is right below the knee.


