I was so worried to buy a dress online but after reading many reviews I decided to order it. I ordered it in red for my graduation party and this is the best option I chose. I am 5'7" and 168 lbs with measurements 37- 30-38 inches. I ordered size L. The material is very stretchy so don't worry even if you order a size less. With a petticoat, it gives a fuller look. I wore it with a black underskirt, black cardigan and black& gold belt over it to cover up my arms. Overall I received so many compliments for my dress.


I love this dress soooooo much! I am buying another one. THis is the first time I but online so I was a little scared i wouldn't fit... but I measured myself and went with the measurements. I am usually a small/extra small but for this dress I am a medium (I weight 126 and measure 5'7). It's a tiny bit on the big side and a small would have probably fit (on the tight side) but the way the dress falls now it doesn't show and it is just SO comfortable.


This is my second Muxxn dress... LOVE this style and the fit is perfect. The fabric has some stretch, so its very flattering if you have some curves.  I wear an 8 (pants) or Large (tops) and I chose the XL based on the size chart. Simple, elegant and the swing on the skirt (with or with under coat) is classy fun!


I own a few of these dresses in different colors and I love them. I always get so many compliments when i wear them. Im 5'7 and a size 14 top and 16 bottom, and the XL has always been a perfect fit.


It's a beautiful dress.  I'm hesitant about ordering clothes online but I'm not disappointed.  I'm short and petite but big busted so I ordered a medium and it's a bit loose.  It can be tailored and will be used for my wedding next year.


Loved this dress! I ordered this dress for a work banquet. I was able to move around comfortably for hours and it fit perfectly! I am a 6 foot, size 12 woman. Ordered the dress my size. I usually order a little bigger, but since the material was a little stretchy I figured it'd be fine. Spot on! I did also purchase a belt to add more dimension to the dress though. Sorry my lighting is not the greatest. Hotel rooms...


I love the dress! It fit perfectly. I'm short and a little curvy and this dress was sexy, but classy. I got mine in a size large and it fit great with some give. You can pair it with many things to get different looks. I received a lot of compliments. I recommend wearing it with a petticoat for a fuller look.


I received this dress today. I can't get over how beautiful this dress is. I am 5'8" (1.74m) and weight 155lbs (70kgs) and I purchased size L. The fit and the length are perfect. Just look at an actual picture from today when I was trying it.


I love this dress!  I got a size M (I am 5' 2" and 135#), it was a bit snug around the middle bc I have a big ribcage, but the material is stretchy and it fit beautifully and was comfy.  Paired with a petticoat, it made me feel fabulous.  I got so many compliments!


I absolutely love this dress - I even bought the white one after trying on the emerald! I bought it specifically for my 1940's Pin Up Style bachelorette party. I have a small chest so was worried about needing alterations, but the material is stretchy and flattering so I didn't have any issues. (Yes, this dress can do the twirly-thing)


In the picture I am also wearing a petticoat to fluff it out: 


