I love this dress! It's very flattering for fuller figures. As a word of caution: I ordered this dress based on the bust measurements. It was HUGE on me and I had to return it for a smaller size. If you're teetering between 2 sizes, definitely order the smaller one. Even with a size smaller than the measurements say, the dress is still a little big for me.


The fabric of this dress is really thick and good quality, and slightly stretchy which makes it fit to the body nicely. I'm very short, and the length of this is fairly long. However, it's not so long that it's not flattering, and looks nice being longer than it's supposed to be. The cap sleeves are shorter than I anticipated but this dress also looks great with a shrug, bolero jacket, or regular dress sweater. I would absolutely recommend this dress!


I never take the time to write reviews because I'm lazy but I felt this was worthwhile. I was hesitant to buy this dress but decided to go for it sonce it looked really nice in the pictures and other reviews. And I'm soooo glad I did. It is AMAZING. It fits like a dream! I am absolutely thrilled with this purchase and if you are reading this and feeling indecisive I encourage you to look at the pictures of the other reviews and rest assured that you will not regret this purchase :)


The dress fits past the knees about mid-shin but of course this is to be expected given the style of the dress. The skirt is full but I would recommend a petticoat to wear underneath and give it some oomph. The top half is fitted and in combination with the full skirt will accentuate your waist ;) Pair it with some mary janes and you're good to go! It is a beautiful dress.


I will try to post a picture if this thing will allow me after posting the review. ARE YOU STILL READING THIS?? ADD IT TO YOUR CART! NOW!


This is a very cute dress I like the thick, stretchy fabric, and the red floral is a fun red and teal Hawaiian print. The only tricky bit is sizing. I'm usually a size 6 or a medium in other retro-style brands. Based on reviews, I started with a medium. It fit fine in the waist but was a little snug in the chest and under the arms. I tried a large instead, and it's just a tiny bit too big in the waist, but fits everywhere else. With a belt, it's great.


The medium was marked US8/UK10 and the large was marked US10/UK 12, which aren't the right equivalents to begin with. I do think the UK sizing is correct, but the US sizing is off (6 and 8 would make more sense).


I took some advice from other reviewers and ordered a size larger than I would have otherwise. For reference I'm 5'5" 180lbs, somewhat short waisted. I ordered an XL. The dress fits beautifully. It's a little longer than I expected. I was expecting just below the knee as in some reviewers' photos, but it's more mid-calf on me. The shoulders are a little bit loose but not too much so. I like that I can wear my normal bra with it. It's very comfortable and flattering. It can easily be dressed up or down. I love that it makes me feel a little bit like Lucille Ball :-)


This dress is beautiful! Buy your size you normally wear, as the other reviewer says! Its so beautiful on and I was surprised by how well made it was! Has a little bit of stretch to it. Goes right below the knee and I'm 5'5"


Bought this for my 19 year old daughter for Christmas. She is fairly petite (5'6" and 125 lbs.) and I bought a medium, her usual size. It was very fitted to her shape. She LOVES the look of it and wanted another one, so we ordered the "beige" (which we think will look peach colored) in a size large. We'll see if that fits better. But she is definitely not a large, normally! Also, FYI the fabric is stretchy, so a tighter fit isn't too uncomfortable. The dress is stunning!


I ordered this exact dress in red from the supplier using my Amazon Prime, and as per usual with Prime, it was delayed.  I needed this for an event, so I panicked and ordered ANOTHER dress from this supplier in this sea foam color that was guaranteed to be at my home in two days.  They both came on the same day.  Sigh.  Lol.


The sizing is VERY inconsistent.  The sea foam color read, "size medium, US Size 6," and the red read, "Size medium, US size 8."  I ordered only a medium, no specific sizing.  ( I am most definitely not a size 6. More like a 10,  but the reviews said to order down, so I ordered mediums.)  As expected, the size 6 was far too small.  Fit like an 8.  The 8 however mostly fit.  It is a little tight around the arms.  The large probably would have been better, but I do not know if I would have received a 10 or a 12.  I kept the red (US size 8) and returned the other.  (I'm 5'5 160 lbs.)


The quality of the dress is pretty good for the price.  Heavy fabric.  I tried this on while in a warm room and some of my body sweat was absorbed into the stomach area, which took a bit to dry.  Keep that in mind - don't wear this in the summer.  You will be a mess.


I also bought a 26" petticoat for the fullness.  You will want that if you want the 1950's look.


All being said, it's a cute dress that will work for the purpose of a 1950's dance we are attending Friday.  I will amend this review with photos to show how it looks.


Very disappointed, this dress had so many great reviews & pictures. But I never got to even try it on. Right out the package the zipper wasn't even attached to the other half of the dress. I could of tooken it to get fixed but I feel I shouldn't have to.


Oh my gosh!  I am so  skeptical buying clothes online.  But I needed a semi formal dress for a last minute occasion.  As I am in an "in between" size right now, nothing in my closet was gonna fit.  I needed something in less then 7 days.  So I turned to Amazon.  As I searched for a dress that would fit the occasion, I always go right to the reviews, not the 5 star ones, but the 2/3 star reviews.  You seem to get more honest feedback.  Although there wasn't very many, so I started looking at people pictures and saw that this might be the one, and for $36 and change, what could I lose?  The dress arrived today and I am sooooooo pleased!!  So pleased.  I almost expected it to be a cheap material, it wasn't, it's thick and heavy which helps the dress lay the way it's supposed to.  I'm 5'4 so it is tea length on me, and I bought a 26in petticoat to go with it, which is very flattering, on the waste line.  I put it on and was almosy as excited as when I tried on my wedding dress for the first time.  I bought a large, and I probably could have gone a size smaller, but this will be comfortable enough so I won't feel so self conscience and I don't have to wear spanx '.  With the petticoat or not, it's a really really good buy.  I'm so happy, and I can't wait to wear it.  Also it came in 4 days.


It did come wrinkled and is dry cleaning recommended, but I have a steamer steamed out the wrinkles and it falls perfect!  Please if this is the look you want, seriously don't hesitate on buying this dress.  It's a good purchase!!


I bought this in yellow and wore it for my graduation, and it was a huge hit. As a warning, it is a very bright yellow. A few jokes were made about me looking like the sun, but the fit was great. Overall, I received so many compliments on this dress, and it made me feel radiant.


The fit was awesome. I should warn others though that as other reviews mentioned if you are self-conscious or have fat rolls on your back, this dress will show them. The band between the bust and skirt portions of the dress is relatively thin and forming.


I highly recommend this dress, and I will probably buy another in a different color for other occasions.


