I am a women's U.S. Size 14, 38C, 5'6" and this dress fits great.  Label says "US 12/XL".  Material is stretchy, but not too thin.  No extra interior lining, just mesh trim at hem.  There is a seam down the middle front, but to me it is not a problem because the skirt is so full.  Have not washed yet.


This dress is absolutely beautiful. The fabric is rich and comfortable, with no pressing necessary after taking it out of the package. This is a true purple hue. I wear a size small (4), and the fit is absolutely perfect.  The dress can be worn to church with heels, or it can be worn more casually with flats or wedges.


I bought this dress for a rehearsal dinner and it was perfect. I'm 5'3" and about 185lbs, so I got the XL based on my typical clothing size and reading the reviews. It fits really well. I might have been able to fit in a large, because the fabric is pretty stretchy, but because it is stretchy, it still fits snug to the body. I'm a little shorter so it goes to about my calf, but it still looks great!


I absolutely love this dress!  I read other reviews and decided to order the same size that I normally would.  I am about a 12 (pear shaped) and ordered a large.  It was a perfect fit.  I also agree that the folds in the top look a little funny from packaging, and it is slightly wrinkled from where it was folded, but nothing a good steam can't fix.  I also ordered a petticoat to go with it, unfortunately, I received a handbag instead of a petticoat (different seller), so I don't know how it looks with a petticoat.  However, it looks fine without one, and I can't wait to wear this for my anniversary!


I am 5'6" and 128 pounds.  I usually wear a size 4/6 pants and a size small top.  I have a little belly remaining from pregnancy.  My bust is 34", and the size small of this dress was draping off of me.  It was so big on me that I was able to pull it off my body without unzipping the entire back side.  I might recommend this dress for a curvy, beautiful shape (Marilyn Monroe/Jennifer Lopez) instead of girls with boyish figures.  I definitely have hips, but I don't think I could be called curvy.  This dress is not suitable for too formal of an event.  It needs a slip, still.  The fabric is rough and stiff, and it definitely was not high quality material.  I think it would be beautiful to wear as a guest of a baby shower, wedding shower, or formal lunch, but do not plan to wear it to anything more formal than that.  It is such a cute design, but it does not work for me.


I was relieved that the XXL fit me (I normally wear a 20), but it's a bit too long. I'm 5'4" and it hits right at that awkward, mid calf length. Thankfully with the way the dress is cut I can roll it up a bit to have it be the right length. Would repurchase.


Didn't take long to get the dress.  I was very skeptical about purchasing a dress online but the other reviews helped! This dress does fit to size. I am 5'9 and normally wear an xl. I bought the dress in xl and to my surprise it fit amazing! The material is pretty starchy, I kinda wish I would have boughten a large. The dress hits my calves. The material is a little cheap feeling but it will do. I plan on wearing it to a wedding in a few weeks. Hope my review helps.


Gorgeous dress. But I returned it, because it has such a toxic smell of rubber.  Seriously, I took it out of the bag, and the noxious "Goodyear Tire" smell permeated the living room. I wouldn't want to wear this to a party around guests because I would be exposing them to caustic fumes. my husband took it out on the back porch immediately and boxed it up and sent it bag. Truly, you need a gas mask to wear this......


Cute design but had a funny fit.  It was slightly big (ordered based upon the size chart) so that may be why it fit a little funny


This dress was really stiff and not very comfortable - I was hoping for a more flowy fabric. Returned it.


