I hope this review helps. It's hard to buy a dress on line so I spent hours reading reviews before I finally purchased this one. I wanted it to fit perfect and go just below my knee and it does. It's so beautiful. My daughter wanted me to twirl because she thought it was like a princess. So normally I wouldn't give my measurements but it if it helps someone buying this dress I'm glad to help. I'm 5'7 and I weigh 137. My measurements are 37, 33, 37. So with this dress I ordered a medium and it fits just perfect in every area. I hope this review helps. I also bought the under skirt tool and it makes it so adorable.


Super cute dress! I bought it in both red and black, size XL...one of which was tagged US 12, and the other, US 10. Both were a tad too large for me, so I've reordered in the hopes that a large will fit better. The black dress came with ironing/pressing marks/burns, and was less loose than the red one was. I bought a black petticoat to wear under them, but think they look less "theme~ish" without the petticoat. I would normally wear anywhere between a size 10 and 12 in dresses (depending on cut and maker), if this helps anyone.


Love this dress! It was the 4th I'd ordered for a 1940's party and I'd almost given up. I usually wear size US10 but have put on a little weight so I ordered XL and it fit well other than the top being a little big for my 36C bust. The fabric is soft and has stretch to it, very nice. The skirt has a great flare and as the waist is higher it doesn't show off a tummy if you have one. Color is accurate, beautiful deep red.


Estimated delivery was after my party but I was desperate and took a chance - thank goodness I did as it arrived a few days sooner than expected which was perfect - it hit my doorstep 5pm the day of the party!!


I would definitely by this dress again as the elegant style works anytime


This is the most stunning dress I have ever owned. The instant I put it on it was like WOW! I've never felt so sexy and alluring in anything. Add the retro full petticoat to really get that 50's look and fill out the skirt and you'll be walking on clouds! It was a bit tight (I'm 42-34-38) in the large size so I have ordered one in XL and decided to buy one other floral pattern in pale pink, These are wonderful, the material is a bit heavy which is fine, well made and really very flattering in the neck line and waist. Being a trans person (male in my mundane role) finding anything that really fits and looks so flattering is always a thrill. I will most likely be buying several more, with so many colors and patterns the choices are nearly endless. Love , love love this style!


I wear a size 14 pants, Size 16 dress usu. because of my 38DDD bust.  I ordered 2XL and it fits perfectly.  Not many times I've been able to say that about a dress.  Very flattering cut.  I like the fabric: has some body to it but drapes well.  The green color is nice, looks as I was expecting from the screen representation.  Not lined but does have some nice details like the invisible zipper and the little but of tulle at the hem. It is tea length, so if you are short the skirt may fall a bit long for you.  Stitching looks good.  It did have a chemical smell as mentioned by others when it first came out of the bag.  I hung it up in an open area and the smell was gone after a few hours.


So stinkin cute! Love the fabric it's kind of a stretchy material. I would have normally ordered an XL but read reviews and the ) Large fits great. I also bought a petticoat to go under it after looking at reviews and the pictures of the dress with and without a petticoat. 2 day shipping with prime :)


Update, loved it so much I bought the sea green color for my sister's wedding


Let me just put this out there, that I am a real purchaser of this dress. I wasn't paid to write a review. With that said, I'm extremely happy with the dress. I received it within two days which is perfect because I needed something last minute for my bridal shower which is a 50s theme. The fabric on the dress is nice and thick so it makes the dress heavy. I wasn't excepting such great quality of fabric. I also bought the dress in white and it made me a little nervous because I didn't see anyone post pictures of the white dress so I thought it would be extremely see through. It is a tiny bit see through on top, but if you were a nude colored bra you'll be fine. I'll have to add a picture so others who are interested in the white will see what it looks like. The dress is true to size. I normally wear size 2, and 4 so the small fits perfectly! Overall I'm extremely satisfied and I will be purchasing more in different colors! Hope this helps!


This dress worked perfect, the only thing that sort of bothered me was that it didn't go tight at all under the bust and around my waist, i wore a belt to make it look more fit. i ordered a small and i'm 115lbs and 5'5


I was nervous buying this dress because I usually don't like dresses that I buy online--it is so hard to get a good fit, but I love this style of dress and it is impossible to find in stores (especially now that mint is the green that's "in", not kelly). Therefore, a major selling point was the free returns. I listened to the reviews and am glad I did. I won't be using the free return policy.


As others have said, the fabric is stretchy. The skirt is full, and the bust is large enough for my larger bust (36 DDD) with minimal cleavage. I was torn between the L and XL, but went with the XL based on the company sizing guide for the bust (usually the hardest area to fit). While the L might have fit, I don't feel stuffed in this one. The hem hits at a tea length/midi hem length. Looking forward to wearing it for the dance I bought it for, but also other occasions.


I AM VERY DISPLEASED WITH THIS DRESS! The dress was obviously used and does not contain a size tag. It is in poor condition and does not reflect the image advertised. I will certainly be returning this dress, a refund is due.


