So usually I don't leave a review because I'm always sending dresses back because they don't fit correctly. This dress is flattering and super stretchy. It's shown with a crinoline but you do not need one for this to look cute. I was surprised. I also ordered the checkered one from the same company when I opened the bag I thought the pattern looked cheap but when I put it on it was so cute! Sadly I had ordered that in a smaller size but I reordered it today and I'm super excited about it. It's adorable will definitely be saving this company for future dresses.


I regret I didn't take a photograph of any of the dresses on me, but here are my stats- 5'4, 129 pounds (losing weight) 35inch bust with bra, 26 1/2-27 inch waist, 38 hips. This dress is BEAUTIFUL. Exactly as pictured. As the other reviewers mentioned, the material is very stretchy. Usually stretchy fabrics are cut small to stretch to size, but these seemed  to have been cut larger. There were awkward little folds around the waist and back area of excess fabric, not a lot, but just enough to look like it didn't quite fit. I almost kept them even though they were small because the neckline and length  is absolutely lovely, the colors are true... but then I saw that some colors run in extra small. IF YOU NORMALLY WEAR SMALL, get the EXTRA SMALL. I returned all of my dresses and am getting the dresses that come in extra small instead because I like things to look well tailored. Its worth the money and I hope they carry all the styles in extra small soon. I plan on posting pictures with the new ones when I get them.


I LOVE this dress!!!! LOVE!! Love! Love!!


I wear a 14W/16W and got both XL and XXL and both fit fine! I liked the XXL for the purpose I will be wearing it for --on stage, so wanted it a little less snug, although for everyday wear the XL would have really been just fine. In fact because of the stretch I don't have to even unzip them I can just slip them both on over my head. I'd say go down if you are between sizes because of the stretch. Now the bust is formed... so you do probably need to be able to "fill" that part. Just a guess but I think C and up would be best. (Again, just a guess!!)


This is a comfortable and CUTE dress it looks far more well made than the price would suggest. You will need a belt to cover the waist seam, at least I did. I will be buying it in several colors! I like it with and without a petticoat. I match red to red petticoat. I hate buying clothes online but this is possibly my favorite online clothing purchase ever! In fact, I am so pleased I will be checking out other styles by the same company now too. I hope they are just as good.


Bought this dress for my wife to wear for my brother's wedding.


We ordered it according the her bust size and were concerned when it showed up as a size 14, typically she wears a 16. However, it was very light and stretchy material so her bust was comfy but not busting out.


The only thing neither of us like was the flimsy zipper.


I love the dress---I just need to get a smaller size. I'm an hourglass shape (40X38X40.5), 162 lbs, typically wear large/X large tops, and just under 5'5"....I tried following their pictured size chart and also asked a question bc I wasn't sure if I should get a XL or Xxl based on my measurements.  Well, I ordered the XXL in the plain black and it was too big!  The dress was not hanging baggy, but it was also not snug. I could easily grab the material, and there was soo much stretch room left. I'm waiting for the XL size to come back into availability so that I could purchase the same dress in a smaller size. I love the dress-just too big. (FYI-for my height the dress fell about mid chin...I also purchased a petticoat to fluff it up a bit, which looked nice).


Soooo many compliments on this dress. All night long people said I looked like a princess. I wore a black petticoat under it for added drama. The dress even twirls when you spin! The material is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars. It came folded and after steaming it learned how much the wrinkles loved this dress. Wrinkles very easily. The nylon/rayon/spandex blend is hard to keep wrinkle free, I would recommend not putting it in until you arrive at the destination you'll be wearing it. If you are a curvy lady like myself plan on some smoothing shape ware to go under it. Very flattering cut and an XXL is a 14 -16 fit. It slid right over my head and bust without unzipping.


This was my wedding dress and Love it! super comfortable and easy to wash.


This dress is SO flattering!!! It would compliment every figure! Has just enough stretch to compensate if you have a large bust. I'm a 42F & bought an xxl & still had room without spilling out everywhere. You can dress this up or down & look feminine & classic for any occasion! I can't say how much I adore this dress! Went back & ordered 5 more! The prints are adorable & I add a petticoat for extra fluff if I'm going somewhere special. You must buy this! It's a purchase you will be elated over!!!! I'd give it 20 stars if possible!


This dress is the quality you would expect from a $37 dress, but I really like it. I bought it to wear to a time period themed wedding so I wanted something a little retro and this fits the bill.


The size runs a tad large. I have a 39" waist but bought the XXL since I've lost about 48lbs and plan to lose more and I'd love to get more than one wear out of it. It fits fine. There's lots of stretch to the fabric. The tag says it's a US 14 which is surprising since I'm usually a 16/18. I should be a XXXL but the XXL fits fine and I don't like things that are too tight or clingy.


I'm not particularly busty so I'm not sure how this dress would fit my fellow size 16 ladies who have larger chests.


Bought this as a wonderfully low-cost, easy-to-obtain bridesmaid dress! Nice not to have to spend a fortune and be able to receive it quickly and painlessly.


The dress fit me just fine. I'm 5'1", ~104 lbs., kinda hour-glass figure but without the boobs, sadly: 32 B. The bust of the dress had detail and cut that made it flattering to a smaller chest and the waist was attractively close-cut. There were three other bridesmaids, of different shapes and sizes, and they dress seemed to fit them fairly well, too. We didn't buy a frouffy petticoat to give the skirt that classic shape and volume, but the natural drape and cut of the dress made it flattering enough without. We got the "Light Blue" colour, which was very pretty and true to the picture.


We had a few hours of standing and sitting (wedding, you know) and some dancing and the dress stayed comfortable and well-fitted throughout. The synthetic fabric is thick and a little stiff, but it didn't become too hot or itchy or anything, so it was fine. I can see how those qualities could give a bad fit for women who have unusual proportions, however (the cut wouldn't be flexible enough to conform given enough variation from average proportions -- I can easily see it being gappy in the back, for instance, because of the cut of the back and shoulders. Probably not flattering if you have higher shoulders: could give you a "no-neck" fit in the back).


I traveled with the dress (CA to OR) to the wedding and it was fine after receiving and unbagging just hanging in the car or laid flat. Another bridesmaid's dress must have been bunched in the bag for a couple weeks, judging by the wrinkles, and they came out fairly well as she wore it in that awkward pre-ceremony photo and waiting around gap.


Overall, a cute dress for a fancier occasion.


