I LOVE this dress! This cut is classic and flattering on everyone, and as other reviews have said, it's made of somewhat stretchy material, so if you're right between sizes like I am, sizing down won't be a killer. Also worth noting - the material is stretchy but DOESN'T look cheap! To look at it you'd think it was a regular heavy cotton, which is a huge plus. The green is beautiful and bold, and while the fabric does fall nicely on its own, I do think I'll be getting a petticoat for it, just to give it a little more shape. It's very versatile - plain enough to pair with a jacket or belt, but also interesting enough to wear on its own!


I dress this way daily, so for the price you really can't beat it! Easily more worthwhile than any of my Modcloth dresses. Will absolutely be buying it in more colors!!


I'm so shocked at the quality of this dress. I love it! I got it in a large based off other reviews. I currently wear a 36d. It's a bit large and I'm sure a medium would have fit fine, but because of the great stretch and flexibility of the dress, it being a bit large doesn't necessarily mean it's a bad fit.


It fits wonderfully. The cut is extremely flattering to a curvy figure. I have the dress in the green color and it's as pictured, a vibrant dark green. The material is a heavy weight so not exactly a summer dress, but very comfortable. I love it and can't wait to wear out out!


I think the dress falls really nicely, I'm short (5'1) and the dress fell a little longer than I would have liked.


This dress was really nice in quality and I loved the color. I will be willing to buy other colors later. I wish they werent sold out of the color I had originally wanted though.


The only complaint I have with the dress it that there is a seam right in the front of the skirt, how the skirt flared was gorgeous but the flares on the dress should have been sewn on the sides instead of the front; because of that it made the dress look a little awkward but a wide belt distracted away from that.


The fabric was wonderful and the measurements were just lovely.  Just a little loose around the shoulders but that was no one's fault at all; my bust size just didn't match up with the dimensions so just some slight tailor work and all is well.  This was wonderful and the Bride for the wedding I am wearing this as a Bridesmaids dress for wholeheartedly approves!


Oh My Lord!!!!  Bought this dress to try on as an option to get married in.  It arrived at work and I threw it on....the girls that I work with went crazy!  Everyone loved it!!!  The fit is perfection.  I wear 10 in pants and need a 14 on top.  I ordered the large and it is an absolutely fabulous fit!  Now all I have to do is find the perfect shoes and I'm ready for my wedding!


Oh, the dress is heavier than I thought.  It's got great stretch to it.  I think this would look great on every body shape.  BUY IT!!!!!


Super cute dress. Fits great. Im small around the ribcage so I got this in a smaller size than I normally get a bottom hugging dress and that was perfect. Nice heavy fabric, won't blow up in the wind, looks good with or without a petticoat. I'm 5'8, big bottomed, little boobed, and 155lbs, this dress looked just as good on my 5'3, big boobed, little bottomed, 125lb cousin. When the package arrived the ruching on the boobs was kinda wonky, but I let it steam out in the bathroom while I showered and everything settled back to where it belonged.


Very cute! The only thing I wish I could change is possibly order a size smaller. I ordered based on the measurement guide. I was skeptical since a lot of people said it was bigger than expected. It still fits; I'd just like it to fit a little closer than it does. Otherwise it's very beautiful. I would recommend a petticoat for the best look!


Soft fabric and very comfortable for someone who likes to be fancy but also childish and run around. Great for dancing because the skirt flares but doesn't go up too high. Cute with flats, heals, tennis shoes, tights, petticoat or no petticoat. Whichever look you're going for.


LOVE this dress. I purchased about 35 of them for my choir group. It's great because it has sleeves, not too low and not too short, but the material is great. Great quality that is a little stretchy and for the price?? Can't beat it!. Thank you!


I can't get over how much I love this dress. I am attending a sock hop later this month, and was looking for a dress and after ordering and returning another one, I decided to get this one. It is perfect. It looks so classy! It comes right below my knees and the color is beautiful! It seems to be very well made and the material is sturdy. It's stretchy so so perfect for those with a larger chest, but smaller waist. It looks so classy and elegant, and I can't wait to do my hair up, wear some red lipstick, tall black heels, and go to the sock hop! A wonderful dress for a wonderful price.


