I LOVE this dress!! It fits just right.. The material isn't stiff, so if I needed a little extra breathing room, it could definitely accommodate me. :)


Also, the length is just a little past my knees (I'm about 5'2 and ordered a small), which is exactly what I wanted, but it's so hard to find with most dresses being made shorter and shorter now.


I am extremely pleased with this dress.


Overall, I love the dress. It is not without some drawbacks though. The seams are super loose and all the stitches are visible. In one place on the waistline, the stitches are open. I will have to have someone fix that for me. I think once it is fixed though, it'll be a stunning dress. Also, I tend toward a size 2 and this small is the equivalent of a 4 so it is definitely loose fitting on me. Hopefully by fixing the loose stitching, the loose sizing can be fixed at the same time. I am certainly looking forward to being able to wear this dress though.


Beautiful vintage inspired dress, flattering on triangle and pear shaped figures and I love how stretchy it is, but I ordered in my size and it's way too big. Order a size or maybe even two down if you're between sizes. Add a petticoat to make the skirt stand out.


I love this dress! I own a few colors and they always fit well. Good price for a dress I'm going to rock at a few events. It's not lined, but it's comfortable.


purchased this for a costume for halloween and my wife has worn it out a bunch of times since.  it looks really good on her (5'4" 120#, size 2/4)


Ordered this for my daughters elementary graduation.  It fits like it was made for her.  She really loves it and I approve.  She also loves that if she spins the skirt twirls way out lol  It's a fairly heavy fabric with some stretch to it an  a tulle trim on the skirt.  It does say it needs to be hand washed and line dried.


Love this dress! I bought a medium in the red and burgundy colors. The red one was a bit to light in color for me, I'm blonde and pretty pale, the burgundy one was perfect. I'm 5' 4", about 165lbs, and 36D. My friend took the red one and it fit her perfect too, she's about 6', and has a larger cup size than I do. The dress molds to the body very well. I will be getting another in a different color.


Good dress, really wrinkled out of the box.  It’s a bit long, I’ll have to take it to get trained so it hits right below the knee.  Size is correct which is a plus from amazon.


I was worried because I have seen people say to buy a size up. But I just bought the dress in my size. The large is perfect. Its so beyond perfect! It's even a tad bit loose. The fabric feels amazing. I will definitely buy another dress from this company!


I absolutely love this dress. I read other reviews and followed advice and ordered a size smaller than I usually wear and it fits perfectly.  After having my kids I ended up with health issues that unfortunately have made me gain a lot of weight and I haven't worn a dress in forever.  This one actually makes me feel pretty and feminin. It's stretchy and comfortable and I can't wait to show it off. The cap sleeve is smaller than the one shown and it does have an awkwardly placed seam down the front of the skirt but who cares..it looks and feels great.


