This dress is probably the best one I've gotten on Amazon! The fit was perfect!! I'm 5'3 and 143 pounds and got the small (my normal size) and it fits wonderfully and looks fabulous!  I love that the fabric is heavy enough that you don't have to wear a slip, and it's not see through at all.  The only problem I had was that the zipper is one of the cheap ones that will break if you're not careful every time you zip up/down.  Other than that, it's beautiful!!


I just got my dress and it is perfect!  The material is nice, but not too thick, so it's perfect for the outdoor wedding I purchased it for.  I am 6ft tall and very chesty (I'm a 40F) and this dress fits like a glove.  I was afraid to order the size I normally wear, as most clothing on the internet runs small.  I got an XL and I could not be happier.  The dress is even prettier in person.  It falls below my knee.  I'm going to order more of these!


This is a beautiful dress and very comfortable if you are in air conditioning rooms were cold. The weight of the dress is heavy. Save the care instructions because it is not sewn in the dress. I would never wash it because I might forget and put it in the dryer.  Color not as exspected.


Beautiful beautiful dress! Needed it for a formal dinner and was super worried about whether it would look right or not. It was fabulous!!!!! I love this dress, looks good, flatters the body, shows off the right curves. Beautiful!!! I ordered it in the navy blue, super classy. I order the extra large and it fit great. There is some give and stretch in it. I would say it is very true to size. If you are looking for a great dress buy this one!


I am really excited about this dress but I can say it fit a bit larger than expected.  I plan to return and get a size smaller.  I read other reviews on the size when I ordered so I exoected it be a little loose but its too loose.  I'm 5'5" 158lbs with a 34D bust.  I ordered an XL and plan on getting a L in exchange.  It is a little long I think for tea length but then again that would allow for a petticoat to go under it and fluff it up nicely.  Its ver comfortable material! I'll be super excited once I get the proper size.


This dress is surprisingly lovely! I am 5'10" and 165 pounds and I wanted something to go below my knees. I ordered an XXL and it fit and fell perfectly. I do like my clothes a little looser (not skin tight). The XXL allows me NOT to even unzip it, and it fell below my knees. I normally wear an XL, but I was worried that if I ordered my size it wouldn't fall long enough. So, if you are tall and you want it to fall longer, I suggest upping it a size, but if you don't care about the length, I would go with what your true size is. Either way it's a wonderful dress!


I bought this for my daughter and can honestly say this is a great dress! I followed the size chart and bought the recommended size (Small); it was perfect! The bodice was modest, and came just below her collar bone. Not too revealing (she isn't busty, so I have no idea if a well endowed woman would "show more") and well fitted around the waist. For the price, this dress is a bargain!


This dress is perfect for a "Mad Men" themed party we are going to later this year. All the comments written by others, plus the size chart, made ordering my correct size spot on. It is just as described, the color is beautiful, and the stretch of the dress makes it VERY comfortable. I washed it on gentle and hung it to dry. Still looks and feels great...no shrinkage. The fabric is weight is good without being overly heavy, so it is not see thru.


This dress is very nice and thick.  It is comfortable and stretchy.  I am 5'3" tall and weigh 135 lbs and medium fits perfectly.  I also have it in black.  This is a go to dress!


Order the size you normally wear.  DO NOT go off of the size chart the seller is using.  A small fits me nearly perfectly but I would need a larger per their size chart.  I say it fits nearly perfectly because the dress is longer than I expected it to be.  I'm getting it shortened but no other alterations are needed.  It really is a beautiful dress.


