I couldn't be happier with my purchases. I bought the "light blue" as well as the "beige" colored dresses. The light blue was a very bright blue, but i like it. The beige was more of a faded coral color. I love how well both fit. I had no trouble with ordering my correct size because i know my measurements. I bought a petticoat because i like the extra fluff to the dresses, though you can wear them without. I received my dresses without a problem, both very well made. :)


I was really surprised at the quality of this dress given the low price.  The seams were finished, and the weight of the material was impressive - not flimsy or lightweight.  It was made to last!  I bought this for a black tie event and received many compliments on the style.


I bought FIVE dresses with prime shipping and free returns (love you, Amazon!).


This is the keeper out of the five.


Bought the XXL for my 14/16 body.  It's a little larger than I expected, but it gives me room.


The strap/arm area reveals my black bra slightly.


I will be wearing a lime green belt with this and a small black wrap/sweater.


It's a fun, classy dress.


I purchased this for a wedding and it was way too big. I ended up going to a store and buying a last minute dress so this one just sits in my closet, never worn out. I'm hoping to find it a good home one day cause I liked the material and it was made well! I would just be careful ordering sizes. I did mine based on reviews and it was too big


I bought this dress to wear to a wedding (as a guest) and as soon as I put it on it was obvious that this was built to be a bridesmaid dress and NOT any other type of dress.  Lots of extra fabric on the skirt that looked awkward without a poofy underskirt ..


This dress was so cute and I was so excited to wear it. But it was so cheaply  made. The first time I ordered it it fit perfect, but the zipper was so cheap that it broke the first time I tried it one. I then replaced it with a larger size to avoid that problem. Same thing happened again.


Purchased the blue/turquoise looking color. The color is pretty spot on from the photo; fabric is heavier than expected (not ideal for the summer) and wears/looks like a bridesmaid's dress. It would be difficult to wear casually, perhaps due to the longer length (upper/mid tibia, below the knee). Ended up returning the dress as I purchased it with the intent of wearing it casually throughout the summer.


As for fit, the upper back seemed a little loose (with and without a bra, but not noticeable) and torso a bit tight (I'm 5'7", size 12-14, hourglass shape, for reference). Dress was longer than I personally preferred (measurements on size chart were accurate so that's my own error). Overall, definitely figure-flattering, especially if you resemble the figure-type of Marilyn Monroe and the likes.


Very flattering dress for a large busted woman with a curvy figure. I have a hard time finding dresses that fit me on top and while a 50's style dress is flattering to my curves, it is often hard to find one that doesn't just smoosh me on top and I have had to settle for larger dresses that may not fit me as well overall. I was pleasantly suprised by this one and I immediately ordered one in another colour. I am a singer and these will be fabulous performance dresses as well as all around summer party wear. I am 5'5'' fluctuate roughly between 140-150 lbs and wear a 34FF bra. I ordered a large


Great dress for office or evening out.  Lots of stretch.  Fits true to size.  Im 6'1 and busty.  Covers my knees and fits very well on top.  Another Muxxn winner!


I am writing this on my husband's account. I ordered this dress to start off with in the navy color. Then I liked it so much I also ordered it in black for a choir concert at church. I got so many compliments on the dress. I absolutely love it. It fit great and was a little stretchy so I was t worried about it being hoochy. On the way home from the choir concert, I ordered another one in the blue violet and on pay day I plan on getting another one. It is comfortable and timeless.


