I loveeeeeeee this Dress i had so many complement i got it for a wedding i have the green one everyone love it !! I got one for my friend she really like it ..the size is perfect i cut it get a medium but i had it in large and it fix perfect ..


Nothing exciting. I have a red dress exactly the same I ordered two years ago. It is much better than this one. This company doesn't exactly seem to know what they are doing size wise, but the dress is okay. Just okay.


love! Beautiful, flattering. Thick fabric with a good amount of stretch.


I must admit that the first time I ordered this dress, some of the seams were loose. It was a quick and easy exchange, and I now have a dress that I love (and not falling apart). The stretch to fit is amazing, the fit and flair around my waist and hips is minimizing, and I love the weight of the fabric. VERY flattering dress. Love it!!


I ordered this in an extra large because I was weary of the made in china opportunity. So glad I did. Fits perfect and will be a hit when my daughter and I cruise on the MSC Divina for white dress night in just about 10 days from now.


I won't lie I was a little worried about this dress. I was thinking I wasn't going to like the material. But I love it, not to think not to thin. Light weight. And flexible. I'm a wee bit on the chunky sick and I love the way this makes me feel. I can't wait to do my photoshoot. But don't do the free shipping (if you don't have prime) mine got lost and it was a mess, I'm happy I can still do my photoshoot.


Incredible dress, incredible quality and fit, absolutely worth every penny spent!! Would recommend getting a filler skirt to wear underneath, but is still pretty without.


The dress was not white at all...it was definitely ivory......the fit was a little big but easily adjustable....very disappointed with the colour


I ordered this dress in a Medium along with 2 other size Medium dresses and this one is huge!  The quality of the fabric is really nice (not cheap at all) and the cut is great.  I think I may reorder in a small.  I am 5'4 and weigh between 160-170.


And classy AF! I got so many compliments on this dress. It fits really well, gives  your a great bust and waist, great length and color.


