I think I'll be wearing this dress a lot this summer!! It's casual enough to wear with flip flops, but still dressy enough for work or church with the right shoes and accessories. I do think the sizing runs a bit small. I'm 5'6" and usually wear a size 8 or medium and 34B, and ordered a medium after reading the description and reviews. I wish I had sized up, because the waistline sits higher than I expected, and it's tighter than I would like across the chest. But I can still wear it under a sweater or jacket.


:)  Overall, it's a pretty dress and great quality for the price!


Soft and comfortable, totally worth the little $$ I paid for it. It is 100% poly, though, so static-y and not great for a really hot day. I am concerned the fabric may pill, but so far, so good.


I am in the process of returning it.  The fit was strange.  It was 2" too high in the waist, and I am not high waisted.  I tried to camoflage the waist seam with a belt, but it still did not look right.  It would have been an okay dress if that had not been a problem.


The dress was a good quality and would look cute on someone else, but it was way too long (I'm pretty short) and ended up looking pretty frumpy.


Try if you're taller, like long dresses or size down a size.


I think this dress is so cute  and I love the color.. pefect for the summer .. being that I am big chested in a big behind the dress fit super tight on me but I gave it to my sister it look beautiful on her


Very comfortable although I had to order a Large when I normally wear a Medium.  This dress can be worn just about anywhere...dress it up with jewelry or a scarf and it looks great.


Love this dress!! I'm 5'5" and it reached to a little bit below the knees for me. The fabric is very comfortable and a bit stretchy. However, one of the side seams ripped a bit the first time I wore the dress and I don't know how. It's an easy fix, just a bit disappointed. I do love the dress though and would definitely buy it again if the side seams were made a bit stronger.


It's just ok. Material isn't especially soft and it's a tad see-through. It's a cute floral pattern. I wore mine with a cami and capri leggings to photograph a wedding in. I was dressy and comfortable.


So figure flattering! Loose where it needs to be, comfortable, easy dress to wear for cashual or work. Just change shoes! I think I will buy more in different colors!


The fabric is pretty thin and NOT a combo of polyester and spandex as advertised. The dress also had a run across the front so I returned it. It was cute with a denim jacket. You have to wear a slip with it for sure. I would have kept it if it hadn't been for the defect in the fabric.


