Ordered the 2XL because their size chart recommended it due to my bust being 43". It's definitely too big up top and not snug around my figure at all like most of these photos in the reviews. It's also longer than my knees, as I'm 5'4". I would just steer clear if you're not a "normal" proportion. (Sorry for the poor photo)


I absolutely love this dress.Ordering more colors!!


This is pretty, fit as expected (I wear a small or x-small depending and ordered a small (5'8", 130 lbs), and it is not too short which at my height I sometimes have a problem with. I can dress it up with a blazer or down with sandals.


Fits as expected.  A light-weight, thin summer fabric.  The pattern should reduce any see-thru effect in direct bright sunlight. After all, it is a warm weather dress.


This was a good one-time wear buy. I bought it as a Halloween costume, and there is a very slim chance I will ever wear it again. The first reason for that being the material is kind of like a swimsuit material, which is kind of obvious, and slightly uncomfortable. Also, the dress is super plain. I ordered the rose/pink one, and there was no "oooh" factor or anything special.


Great dress for the price, the fit was nice and easy to dress up or down.  Great little dress to take when I travel.  In fact liked it so much bought a red one and a grey one also.


Perfect dress, can be dressed up or down, not revealing, I'm 5'4 and 135 lbs, was hesitant to order without trying on but the medium fits great!


I love this dress! It’s a little longer than I thought it would be, but I’m short so that happens often. The material is good quality, dress looks as pictured, I got the black one with sunflowers on it, and I feel really cute in it.


I ordered a size smaller b/c I read the reviews.  The waist was way too high, but the dress is really cute.  I have ordered the next size up.


What a pretty little dress for the price!  My daughter loves this dress. It is so simple and comfortable. It is a wonderful, casual dress and she wears it a lot.


