I'm crazy about this dress.  The price is right, it fits comfortably, can be dressed up or down for occasion.  Works great with layering.


I am 5'1 and 200 lbs. I bought the XL and it's very  flattering/ forgiving in my midsection! I was worried it would be too long and need a hem at first, but it shrunk up nicely after first wash.


I am hoping to slowly acquire every color.


5'5.  150 lbs this is a large. Knees are covered completely.  Fabric is thick so no need for a slip. I actually had on floral printed panties and even when pulled tight the light pink dress was not see through.  I want this dress in every color. I own it in green also in medium. Medium fits but is a little snug around the bust and back.


Love it!!  5'8 220 and the x-large fits like a glove.  The material is good quality and not see through.  Super comfortable and flattering. Seems like it will survive many washes.  Will be buying more colors!


If you are looking for a great casual dress to wear out and about, I highly recommend this dress. I have three of them so far and just checked back to see if I could find any new patterns in my size (I did and I'm ordering more). I am not your typical "girly girl." I have never been one to have skirts or dresses in my daily wardrobe rotation for the simple fact that I could never find anything I liked that was 1) cute, 2) fit well, 3) was modest, and 4) was reasonably priced. Then I found this. I simply love these dresses! They are super cute--all of these that I own are patterned/floral (can't speak for the solid colors). The cut of the dress is very flattering. They are modest at the neckline and at the hem. Best of all? They don't break the bank!


For reference, I am 5' 7". After two children, I weigh about 165lbs and as a nursing mother, I wear a 34I bra. By the way, these dresses were some of the few that I could wear after I had my last baby--the cut is flattering and does not put a spot light on anything below the bust that might need some work. Please note, however, that they do NOT offer good breastfeeding access. I originally tried on both a Medium and a Large and I ended up going with the Large because I needed a little more room in the bust area. The Large hits me at the bottom of my knee (these dresses are not frumpy, nor are they risque!) and the neckline hits right below the collar bone--this means no gaping at the chest and no baring of the upper thigh or bottom when you bend over. I have received many, many compliments on these dresses. I do have to wear a slip with the beige peony color because when it's summer and the light is behind you, you can see the silhouette of your upper legs. I do not typically wear a slip with the peony floral with the navy or black backgrounds.


Thank you HuHot for offering this product! Hopefully you have something that is just as big of a hit for the cooler months ahead!.


I love these dresses. I have several and plan to buy more! I'm 5' 7", 175 lbs, 36 C, and a large fits great. The solid colors are made from a slightly different fabric from the printed dresses. I find the printed dresses to be just a bit longer. They also flow and hang better--so I prefer them. I do have one solid colored dress. Both types are pretty and come to the knee or slightly below. The only issue I've had is that the beige was too see-through. All others have been great. I love having a modest, mom-friendly dress that doesn't require a sweater or an undershirt.


Ok, my god, I bought this for my Star Butterfly cosplay, and this was my first time buying clothes online and I was nervous. I'm so happy it fits and it's super comfortable! I wore it for 5+ hours and I love it. The texture is amazing and I might just buy other dresses here


I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this dress!  I have it on now and I have never worn a dress that was so simple yet sooooo comfortable.  My word I will get every color at this price.  So I am like 200 pounds very athletic build, however I have a large bottom and a small stomach. With this dress on you barely see my stomach and my bottom doesn't look so pronounced. It covers my knees front and back and I don't have that high jacked look in the back because of my large bottom! The material is so soft and rich looking. For those with hips and a large bottom this dress will do you right. I want to give it 20 stars.  I plan on washing it in Cheer to protect the color from fading so much. The cleaners probably will still fade the fabric. I am on here now ordering other colors. The green is nice and the dress can be dressed up or down. I wore mine with some black leather espadrilles. I was so excited when I opened the bag and saw the quality.  Good buy and will recommend!


I ordered this dress in a medium and it fits well; I'm 5'2" and 135 pounds.  My waist is about 30".  It goes down to mid-calf on me.  The fabric is loose and complements my body; it's not overly clingy or see-through.  The color and fit are true to the picture/description. I thought this was a great casual dress for the price and I'm very pleased with it.


I read other reviews on sizing so ordered it up a size.  When it arrived it was too big so I returned it and went with my normal size.  For reference, I am 5'2" with a 36DD bust and ended up getting this dress in large and it fit perfect without being too tight but not baggy either.  I would recommend a smoothing under gament if you have any rolls (like me :D ) It falls mid knee and looks great with flats, a pump or a casual wedge.  It's easy to accessorize and change the look.  It has a very nice drape to the skirt, thanks to the weight of the fabric.  It's not too heavy or warm, and little bit of stretch for comfort. It's perfect for summer.  I added a white button front cardigan for cool evenings and was perfectly comfortable.  No way to beat this price for a great little summer dress with this much flexibility.  I'm already eyeing other colors - lol!


Sizing: 5'4 / 125 / small fit nicely


This dress is very pretty and conservative. It's very comfortable and flattering. I would think tall girls would also appreciate this dress because it's a bit long. Almost reached my knees.


