Love the dress!  but I Should’ve Ordered two sizes up and got the large with the type of material it is.  This dress will fit my daughter in a year or so, so I’ll be keeping the small for her to wear


Arrived on time. I love how this dress fits. It's flattering and below my knee. Soft comfortable material and fits great. I'm ordering more with different designs.


Very comfortable simple dress. More fitted than I was expecting but it’s actually very flattering. Considering ordering it in other colors!


This dress is perfect for spring! It accessorizes easily and can be worn with many different cardigans that I already own. The colors are true to the pictures and I have received many compliments on the flower pattern. I love how soft the fabric is and how comfortably the dress fits. I like a lot of the other patterns too-- I could easily wear many of them.


I have several of these dresses in a variety of colors. I ordered the tan one because I like them so much. However, when I received it the bottom was stitched backward— the seam was down the front and not the back. I had to return it and would like to reorder, but afraid I will get another one that is also stitched wrong and will have to return again. :-(


I did end up returning this dress but it was quite cute & loved material. I am Size 16 & chesty so didn't work for me.


Ordered my usual size. It was too small so reordered larger size because this dress is very pretty and light weight. Perfect for summer.


True to size. I ordered a L, and am a large. Size D. And it fit perfect. A little see through than my taste but nothing a slip won't fix.


Nice but I only expect to get one or two wearings.  Little on the small side for my normal size large.  Make sure to look at number sizes for proper conversion.  Tee or like tee shirt material but cool and comfortable.  I would buy the next size as it will shrink too fit after washing.  Cheap enough to keep for a nice evening out with a flat or open toe sandal.


I LOVE this dress! I bought THREE. Two were perfect, but one was cheaper and I guess from a different seller and didn't work out... It's a cheap, thin, material and shorter. So just pay attention to which one you're getting. I'm 5'2 130lbs and the Medium was perfect.


