I really love this dress - it's perfect.  Knee length (so hard to find - most everything else tends to be just a bit too short for me), fits well, and didn't shrink in the wash (a similar dress, from a different manufacturer did).  I'm now buying another one in a different color :)  One of the things I love is the top is fitted and looks great - but has so much room around the waist and hips - perfect for a hot day!  Regarding fit though - I'm usually a small - sometimes a medium (size 4-6), definitely glad I got the medium.


This is a nice dress to wear to work. The neckline is modest without being too high, and the length hits me at the knee (I'm 5'7). The material is very thin, which is good for hot weather, but may require a slip or leggings underneath. I would probably not order this dress in a light color.


Held up to machine washing on normal, but I hung it up to dry to prevent pilling.


nice dress for the $$


Cute dress. I've gotten so many complements in it. I pair it with a cute necklace and sandals and am good to go. The cotton fabric is breathable. I washed and hung dried the dress it looks fantastic.


Picture is waaaay cuter than actual product. Waistline is at a bad spot and size comes small. I looked like a pregnant stuffed sausage.


This dress is incredible for the price! The fit isSO flattering, and I love how it can be dressed up or down. For reference I'm 5'4 140 lbs 34DDD and I got a medium, which fits perfectly. Dresses are tough for me bc of my proportions, and I'm amazed with the fit of this. If you're on the fence- get it. I'm planning on ordering a few more colors because it fits that well!


This is cute summer wear,which is lovely for ladies of a certain age who desperately look for amything with short sleeves.  Although i am a size 14, 160 pounds, the large was ever so slightly too tight.  I am reordering the pretty yellow in xl.  I am 5'4" and the Large hit at just above the center of my knee.  I plan to wear this to church.  The flared skirt is forgiving for a small tummy, so i can be relaxed while wearing this dress.


Great fit. This is a wonderful casual dress. Great for work, great for casual dinners and barbeques. Not good for wedding and elegant dinner parties, but great for everything else.


Just a basic plain dress. The fabric is soft and comfortable. The color is a little odd so I have not worn it. I like the style. It is fit and flare and not too short or revealing on top. Perfect for a pear shape. For the price I think it is a good value. I am 5’5” and it comes to my knees.


This dress does run somewhat small, at least in my case. It is well made and will be a summer staple to be worn with canvas sneakers or sandals and a scarf. I love the color (green) as it is what is pictured on my monitor.


