This dress is super long!!! It's not flattering at all and the material is weird and shiny. Not what I expected.


Returned, dress print looks old, though it is the same as the picture in person looked like an old lady's print.


The fabric was stretchy but not enough. The waist area would have been better fitted if the fabric was of better quality


The fit is perfect.  The reason I gave it 4 stars is because of the thickness of the material.  I bought 2 dresses, one is Floral and the other is solid blue.  Like some other reviews, the material is thin for the Floral dress.  When I tried it on, there was a lot of statics and the bottom part of the skirt stuck on my thighs all the time.  The material is thicker for the blue dress, and there was no problem with the statics.


Doesn't look like I thought it would but it's still cute. I'm 5'6" and normally wear a 10/12 I ordered a large. Fits perfect, a little longer than I thought I would be.


I'm 5'7" 130lb and small fits me well.


Good vibrant color but fabric is really thin so see through.


Good for very casual weekend but not for work or wedding.


This dress is very pretty!  It will need a slip underneath,  but I prefer a thinner material.  I can't wait to wear it and plan to layer  it with a  long cardigan.


This is a great little dress, comfortable and well made.  I was concerned about how plain it is because I was using it for a show I was costuming but I added a necklace and bracelets and it looked just charming!


Pros: Comfortable, pretty, low-maintenance material.


Cons: Thinner material (but easily fixable with a nude-colored bra) and is a bit longer than most dresses (depends on one’s preference)


Being an inch under five feet, it hits my mid-calf, which I am personally fine with.


Overall, I really like this dress. I received many compliments when wearing it. Will definitely be buying more patterns!


I am VERY please with this dress. I would like to buy it in all sorts of colors, and even though they sell in it a variety of colors, this is the only one I really liked. I'd like more options.


