I live in these dresses. Will change review to 5 once I see how they wash. I bought 3 - sunflowers, daisies, and orange. All are XL. The floral ones are 100% poly and the orange is 95/5. The floral ones are a very soft t-shirt material and the orange is a bit stiffer and gives a little less. The orange is a bit tighter on my bust (38D). I am 5'5" and 190. The dresses reach just below my knees. Perfect for me! I am planning to buy more in this style. It is my "uniform" teaching.


Loving this dress after 2 wears. I got the dark blue floral and the print is very pretty. I'm 5'9 and typically wear a medium in tops and dresses. I got the medium and it fits perfectly. The waist hits in a flattering way and its actually knee length making it perfect for work or anytime you want to bend without flashing people. The fabric is 100 percent polyester so I'm rating 4 stars, but it's very soft, and breathable. I'm planning to buy another color soon!


Love it! Fits perfectly (I wear a 14/16, 40D, and bought an XL in this) and is very comfortable. I love how soft the fabric is, it has nice movement to it and isn’t scratchy or stiff at all. A little thinner than I would like so I will probably wear a slip with it just in case but I still consider it good quality for the price. I definitely want to get more.


This dress is beautiful and soft, the fabric is lovely. I get complements every time I wear it, but it has a good amount of stretch and I should have sized down. I'm busty but have a smaller waist, so I ordered an XL. In the future I'd size down because the waste was lose and the shoulders were a bit big on me. The dress is also longer than I thought, closer to my ankles than my knees, and the waist was cut sort of low. I am below average height, if that helps you understand the sizing a bit more. Overall, I'll probably order another in a smaller size/different pattern because I like how comfortable and vibrant the fabric is.


It is huge on me I am 5'4' 160lbs I am


36-29-42.5 / 34D


This looks like a tent, I had to send it off to have it tailored and added some belt loops with the excess fabric. I am usually large but I could have gone with a medium and still be flowy.


The material is kind of tshirt, which is nice and it's not see through.


I bought this dress in a floral pattern in my usual size small - I am a size 6. It has a fair amount of stretch and I like the fabric, very soft and flowy. It is a bit see through, so watch the undergarments you wear while wearing it. The waist is also a bit higher than I'd like, but I have a long torso, so that might explain that. I washed it and hung to dry and didn't notice any shrinking. I like it and will keep it, but don't think I'll be buying any more, as I was originally planning.


The only thing I didn't like about it was that the red is not quite as rich as pictured. The red is a bit dull. I ordered this for a hello kitty costume and will be able to wear it for other things which is great. Very comfortable and good quality. I am normally a size large. I previously bought this dress in green for a St. Patrick's Day parade and it was a little too loose in my normal size. So this time I decided to risk it and get a medium. Fit 100% perfectly. I do have a smaller waist, but other than that I'm usually a perfect L. Not necessary to size down, but think about it if you're on the fence between sizes and/or don't want a loose fit.


Just as I hoped for! I read the reviews that said it was stretchy and I ordered a large instead of an xl like I normally would. I'm around 5'5" and 210 and this fits my pear shape snug but flattering. It's also long enough that it doesn't show your butt when you bend over. For the price, it's a great buy!!


I bought this dress to wear for my BBQ bridal shower I had! Goes great with red converse!


WOW! I can't believe how cute this dress is and fits like a glove. I ordered a LuLaRoe dress from eBay to see if I like the fit and it was too tight and too long. I'm 5'2" 140 lbs. and the medium was a perfect fit. I'm definitely ordering more of these dresses. And the price! Under twenty dollars! Can't beat it.


