This dress is beautiful and fits well. I am 5 foot 3 and currently have an 8 month baby bump. I usually wear a small but I ordered a medium to accommodate the bump and it fits perfectly, stopping just above my knees. My only complaint is that the dress is sheer.


I love love love this dress! I get so many compliments every time I wear it. I am 5’4 168lbs and ordered a large. It fits good but I could have probably gotten a medium because it’s very stretchy. I’m very happy with my purchase and have recommended this dress to a few people already.


The best compliment so far is in this dress, "Sunflowers have become my favorite flower."


So comfortable! The 3XL fit me great (loosely) and I usually wear an XL or 2XL. I suggest you order 1 size up like I did. It's so flattering on my curvy body, covers my arms, and goes below my knees (I'm 5'5"). The fabric is sheer though, so I wear a dress extender under it.


Fits fine, the pattern is pretty, but the dress itself is awkwardly long on me at 5'5" and I have long torso short legs. So I added a belt which immediately made the dress fit my hourglass better, otherwise it's a little flat. But I pulled some material up and it looks adorable shorter.


Very good price for what it is. It's so comfy, too!! I've started to notice a bit of pilling, but I accidentally put it in the dryer (while it says dryer safe, it may last longer if you air dry). I got the lemon one, and get tons of compliments on it!


I purchased the white floral dress. It fits beautifully, perfect even. The only problem I had with it was that it was see through so you will have to put a dress slip underneath. Other than that I love the dress.


The dress is very comfy and has a good length on it. I ordered a small and it was big. I’m 5’3” and 130. I’m busty as well, and had plenty of room.


It isn't quite the color that I thought it would be which is a disappointment. The dress itself is a comfy tshirt material but I'm not sure if I will wear it since it's the wrong color


I absolutely LOVE this dress. It's comfortable, versatile, modest, and figure flattering. I'm 5'6 130 lbs and I bought the small.


