this is adorable, love the lemon print, only thing is the dress had a lot of static electricity lol happy with my purchase


I bought this for a special occasion and liked it so much I bought 2 more prints. The fit is perfect for hiding your tummy.


I really like this dress,, Its light, breathable, the flowers look a little old lady like but hey who cares as long as it's comfortable.


Is not true to size.  Very tight stretchy material.  Not much give to it at all. Pretty vibrant colors though.


Such a cute dress; so many compliments when I wear it.


This is my favorite new dress! The price was a deal and I'm extremely pleased with the quality and fit. I've ordered more in different prints.


It's like wearing my favorite nightgown all day, it's THAT comfortable. The fabric is soft, drapes nicely and the shape is flattering. I'm 5'9", 140 lbs.


I don't like a tight fit, and this dress enhances my figure with the empire waistline and hides bumps and bulges. The bright colors and flowers lift my spirits when I wear it and can't help but feel feminine and beautiful in this great dress!


I got compliments from 2 strangers on the dress.


Suggestion-add pockets and more prints!!!


Very comfortable dress for casual summer wear. Color as pictured and fit as expected. I also own one in black, and both dresses are in heavy rotation this summer.


Pretty dress but quality control missed the boat on this one.  The skirt portion of the dress, below the waist line, was sewn backwards.  The seam ran down the front and not down the back like it was supposed to.  Sent back the same day I received it.


I love the flair of this dress. I bought a pink one a few months ago and decided to get this green one. I get compliments on these dresses when I wear them to church.


The fit is great, but I wish the top of the dress and the skirt lined up a bit better. Some of the flowers are cut in half where the seam connects the skirt to the top.


