I liked this dress so much I went back and bought it in a second color.  Fits true to size and it is work appropriate in a business casual office (as long as you're not too tall, which might turn this into a minidress).  I subtracted 1 star because the care instructions say not to tumble dry and that's a real pain, especially at this price point.


I got the flower dress the color wasn't as pretty but it's a perfect summer dress light  and perfect for super hot weather. I'm 175 5'5 the med fits me though a bit snug on the sleeves . I would order again.  The dress is not stretchy.  It's kind of like a t-shirt material.


I am 5'9 and I'm always searching for dresses that are appropriate for work (Im a young, middle school teacher with long legs). I cannot stress the importance of wearing appropriately length dresses when you're surrounded by middle schoolers. This dress lands below my knees and is incredibly soft. I havent washed it yet, so I will have to provide an update to let you know if it shrinks or not. Its a great buy! I may buy some in other colors. Only negative is there are no pockets, but I already knew that when I purchased it. :)


I am usually a medium but have big bust, 36DD, bought the large, high waisted dress, and saw pull signs in the bust area which with tee shirt material especially really looks bad. Will try the Xlarge, but not hopeful. Plenty of room in the waist and hip flares, in the large, so x-large may be too baggy. I will update.


I ordered this dress for an LDS Mission and I have to say I am very satisfied. I ordered 2 (beige floral and light blue floral) and I was a little nervous buying from amazon. But it fits perfectly and it goes past my knees! The beige is a little sheer but Not super noticeable i just wear a shade shirt with it. If you need a light weight, modest, decently priced dress I highly recommend this one! I am 5' 3" and 135 pounds I ordered a medium and it fits wonderfully, I love these dresses!


This dress fits as I would expect. I am 5 ft. 6 in., 38 DDD , and weigh 170 lbs. I ordered a large and it fits well. It is a little longer than I expected it to be. It goes past my knees. The fabric is a bit thin but that is really my only complaint about it. Overall, it's a good dress for the price and I received a lot of compliments the first time I wore it.


I have three of these dresses now, and I love the fit and colors of them. I'm a teacher and they are cute, comfortable and modest (the perfect teacher trifecta!) My main complaint is that there isn't a consistency in the sizing, I ordered the floral ones in a medium and it was a little big. I ordered the yellow floral in a small and it fits great. I ordered the blue in a small and it is a little too small.... Guess just prepare yourself that just because it fits great in one pattern, it may not in another.


I love this dress, especially for the price (<$20)! Super cute and it fit well. A belt made it perfect. I loved it so much I just bought it in another print as well as a long-sleeved dress from the same seller. Highly recommend.


I love the way it looks and fits. The waist of the dress sits on my natural waist. The dress looks good with or without a belt. I got the xtra large. I am 5'4" and normally wear a size 12, sometimes 14.  The hem falls just below my knees. I like that. My bra is 36c and the top fits great. It doesn't show my back fat. Love that!! The dress hides a multitude of sins. Very happy.


It's a nice shape, very flattering on my daughter. We got the teal blue. It's a nice robin egg blue. It has some spandex and so it stretches. She is super picky, but loves this dress. I think I will get more colors! Nice length too! Past the knee!


