Very sweet, just as I thought and as distributed. Color is great on me as everyone at office tells me. Go's well with a veriety of color tights and leggings.


I love this cotton dress!  It is easy to dress up or wear plain.  I am 5'10", 214 pounds and ordered a XL.  It fits great!  It is soft, and washes well.  I don't put it in the dryer, so I have to iron it before I can wear it.  The material is not very thick, but is not thin either.


Received and the dress is really cute, but its way too short for my taste. I'll be keeping it but will wear it with a pencil skirt underneath for modesty.


Really love this dress! I'm 5' 3" and around 145 pounds and the medium fits me well without being too clingy or too baggy. The material is casual and a little stretchy so there is probably wiggle room on sizing. Although this is a casual dress, I wear it to both work and church all the time dressed up with heels and accessories and get compliments on it. The material is thin but not so thin that you will feel like you need to wear a slip. The skirt part is long on me (I'm short) and hits a few inches below the knee, but it's not so long it feels frumpy. A very figure-flattering dress, would recommend!


I was a bit torn over this dress. The orange was an easy no, bc the color is like a traffic cone and WAY too bright. But I liked the green color and the fit in general was good. The problem was the length- I'm 5'3" and it's way too long- below the knee. I thought about altering it, but for the price of this casual dress, it just wasn't worth it.


I LOVE THIS DRESS. This is my first time writing a review. That's how much I love it. I'm 5'2" 130lbs. Bust is 34b I bought a size small and it fits beautifully!! I'm a hairstylist and ny law says I can't wear sleeveless to work. So I'm always looking for shortsleeve dresses. I'm ordering more. I bought the black dress with red peony flowers. It's so comfortable and NOT SEE THOUGH AT ALL. I'm not sure about the light colors though...I've gotten so many compliments on it and it's such a nice easy dress to throw on and look adorable. Again...I LOVE THIS DRESS.


Love it! Very cute cut! Slimming! Cozy! Beautiful print! I plan on ordering MORE!!!!! EDIT: On my 3rd of these dresses (one black and 2 of the florals) - they are like my version of a tracksuit - I live in them around the house and when I run errands! LOVE EM!


This dress is nice but very thin. When worn with smooth undergarments to enhance modesty, the dress is cute. I probably won't wear it very often however out of fear that it will fall apart in the wash.


This was a very surprising purchase... It actually fit very well, and looked flattering. I am 5'9.5 and it came exactly to my knee. The fabric has a decent stretch to it, and remains opaque so you can't see any clothing underneath. I used it to cosplay Louise from Bob's Burgers and the color worked very well. I received a lot of compliments from people at the convention.


Absolutely love this dress! I'm a 36DD and I wear a size 14. I ordered the XL and it fits perfectly. Fitted on top and it flows away under the bust. It is a little longer than I expected but I'm perfectly ok with it. Would re order.


