It's a nice dress although it doesn't look like the pictures; the fabric is really strange, but comfortable and surprisingly stretchy. I'm usually an 2XL, got and XL and it fits really well. the neck is bit higher then I liking but it's a nice, modest dress. Perfect length (I'm super short at 5'3)  coming just below my knees. Only complaint is it came out of the package smelling of vinegar.


The shoulders are perfect, but the mid is slightly higher up than I'd have liked. The material is thicker than I expected and doesn't breathe super well. Stains do not remove easily. I would buy it again.


I had ordered this for a St. Patty's Day parade. I am 5'2 and the dress came down to my shins. I ordered a medium. I couldn't find the size on the packaging so I am not sure if this was actually a medium because according to the other reviews, it seem to fit everyone else fine. Since this was my only option, I ended up cutting it and I cut too much so I had to make it a T-Shirt. The fabric was nice.


Warning: Do not get the dresses from Longo.  Make sure the seller is HUHOT.  The other dresses I received from HuHot were soft and so comfortable.  Ordered several but made the mistake of ordering this one from Longo.  It was a wrinkled mess, the fabric is NOT the same, took forever to come from China.  Do not recommend this dress at all if it comes from Longo.  Get the HuHot one.


Sadly, this dress was VERY high-waisted.  I am 5"6 and it was several inches above my waistline and looked ridiculous, so I had to return.  The fabric was nice and thicker- not thin-see through at all.  Nice length on me- just above/at the knee.


This is one of the most comfortable dresses I have. So pleased with this purchase. I am normally a size medium & the medium fit well. Length below my knees & the top it fitted, but not too tight or too loose. All over good fit.


Lightweight and beautiful! Sizing is accurate. Wore it to work and got so many compliments.


Bizarre waistline--far above natural waist.


The dress was adorable, but just too big! Also, the color isn't as shown here. It's a darker bright blue. But the length is perfect for the office!


Dress fits good.  Because I work and lift weights; arms are kinda tight.


