The fabric is a good weight.  It is thick enough that you do not have to wear a slip.  I am 4'11" and the length is perfect.  The colors are bright and colorful.  This is an excellent buy. I plan to purchase several more.


It fit well and looks like the picture. I got a navy dress, and it is VERY see through. It’s like those pajamas that are made out of cotton that are slightly gauzey...  it’s nice, but I’ll have to wear a slip or something under it. It’s not just the light colors that are completely see through. Don’t even think about ordering white!!


Love this dress. Stretchy and comfortable, the perfect dress to wear with cowgirl boots ! Be aware it does not spring back into shape, and may not hit everyone perfect in bust area.(e.g.,  I must wear bra)


Fits great, but it’s surprisingly a little too long. I can usually never find dresses that actually cover my butt, but this one does... it goes past the knees and I’m 5’8”. I rarely find dresses that go past my knees! I had it hemmed to where I wanted it though, and now it fits great!


I purchased a. XL and i love it!! It’s not too tight or loose not see thru either.... a great buy in my book... I purchased it in blue May buy other colors


This dress is super comfortable. I love the soft cotton stretchy material. I am a solid 14/16 and this dress fit perfectly in XL.


Excellent color and pattern, true to size with soft material. It falls just above the knee (I'm 5'6"). Since I ordered the white one with flowers, I will probably wear a slip underneath just in case on really sunny days. On my way to order a couple other colors of this dress.


Finally a dress that was knee length & not low cut for our tall 13 yr old. She adds a thin belt in whatever color she feels like & it makes the outfit pop!


I ordered a small and I'm 5'1" and 109 lbs.  This dress fits perfect.  It's very soft material but not clingy.  It feels like soft PJ's.  It's an empire waistline on me.  The length just covers my knees.  You can not see through this dress.


Really loved this dress at first, it was really cute and modest for work, but also comfy. However, it started to pill pretty badly after the 2nd wash. I haven't worn it since because the pilling is so noticeable - super bummed.


