Love this dress so much that I bought it in two colors. I constantly get compliments on both dresses. The white can be a bit sheer, so I wear a slip underneath it, but the navy colored one is fine with normal undergarments.


The length is perfect for professional environments and the neck is modest without being overly hot.


I will probably buy more in other prints. They've held up fine after 3-4 washes.


I'm 5'3" 125 lbs and the small fits great.


I am 5'3", 140 lbs. measure 35"29"40"... and it fits like a glove. Beautiful style and beautiful print. giving it 4 stars because the fabric is cheap...but to be honest, even w the fabric this dress is a great buy for the price.


I got this in the navy floral print.  Judging from the other reviews, I bought an XXL which is my regular size (normally an XL/XXL in misses, 1X plus, anywhere from 14-18 pants).  It fit well enough, was a little snug around the bust, but the waist cut me at a weird place and I don't know that sizing up would fix that particular issue.  Additionally, the fabric is extremely thin and somewhat sheer.  All things considered, it's a miss for me and I'll be returning it.


Very comfortable and soft. I got the one with lemons and had people tell me how much they loved it all day. Will most likely get another one in a different pattern.


I love this dress! It fits so cute and is so comfortable. It seems well made. I have started having trouble with static cling, so I don't know if that could be the dress or my problem. It's still cute


Super cute pattern, flimsy material.  This dress fits as expected, I'm curvy & hourglass shaped... when it says "summer casual", it's definitely meant for warmer weather.  The fabric feels like t-shirt material and I expect it to fade after a few washes. This dress would be rad if were made of a little bit heavier jersey, or even rayon.


i could not wear this without a tank top underneath as i’m not a fan of other people seeing my cleavage through my clothes... but other than that, cute!


I am not sure who this will help but I ordered the xml in maroon. I'm 5ft 0in, about 200lbs which most of is centered around my stomach, and a 38/40 c/d in busy size. It fits snuggly around the just but not too snug. Flares out nicely to hide my problem areas and hits me about 3-4 inches below the knee. Perfect length for my library job.


This dress is cute and conservative, i should have read more of the reviews because it is a little too long for my taste. On the bright side it looks great on my mom!


Very pleased with my purchase. Fix as expected, I'm 5'7" and wear 12/14 pants, XL fits nice in the chest and slightly loose in the waist and hips (very flattering and forgiving since I'm not in great shape). The material is very soft but thinner so it will require flesh toned undergarments and a slip for modesty. This dress will be perfect for church; high neck line and knee-length hem are perfect for those who prefer more modest attire. I'm seriously considering getting more colors/patterns. This dress will be great in the summer here in Florida.


94% polyester 6% spandex. Care instructions are gentle wash, no bleach, do not tumble dry, cool iron.


