The navy is just as expected, but the green is the wrong one. That or the green color is off from what is shown and different from a picture shared by someone who made the purchase before.


The fit is a bit snug on top, but overall the shape of the dress is nice.


I ordered the black floral and it's a beautiful pattern.  For my figure, the dress is cut well and is flattering.  I'm 5'6" and the length hits just below the knee. The only drawback is that the fabric is thinner than I prefer.  It isn't see thru.  But I would have preferred a heavier drape.  For the price, I'm very pleased with it.


First out of the bag, I wasn't sure about the size, as it looked too small. However, it's made of a stretchy material, so conforms to your shape quite well without looking skintight.


The dress is not see-through to me as the patterns somehow make it harder to see anything. However, since I do wear it to work, I wear a slip underneath. It is very soft, comfy, and I get so much compliments. The length is perfect too. I am 5'3, and as you see it hits under knee. I washed it a few times and it didn't change in color or quality. I ordered a solid color and a different flower pattern too. I didn't see any tear or wear before or after wash yet. It is a good quality and I love it a lot.


really liked the dress - but I ordered too small, I should have paid better attention to other reviews that size ran small. Otherwise dress was nice and material comfortable


Surprisingly cute and flattering!  Will buy again in different colours!  Minimal shrinkage but buy about 2 sizes larger than you usually wear.  My daughter wears an adult medium - the extra large is PERFECT!  Nice thickness, too - not thin!


I really like this dress. I wasn’t sure what to expect but am so pleased. I usually where a 12 dress because on top I am a 38DD. I bought the XL. It wasn’t clingy and felt very comfortable. I bought it for Indonesia. The weather there is hot, hot, hot. I think this fabric will keep me cool, wash easily and dry quickly. I plan on buying another.


I am 5'7" and this dress came down past my knees. It fit baggy all over as well. A smaller size would not have shortened it though it was more midi dress length.


This dress is adorable and comfy. I am 5'2 and 130 and in buying a small I am very happy. It is longer on me but that does not bother me. I would say mid calf on myself. I plan to order another one.


This dress is like wearing a night gown.  Many people have complemented me on it.  Doesn't look like a T-shirt dress looks nice.  Lends itself to long necklaces. Besides being comfortable it is fun to wear.  It does have thin fabric so it needs a good slip under it.


