I only had to use minimal layering for this dress. I *love* the sunflower pattern because it's just a little different from the rose prints you always see on shirts or dresses and it makes a fun happy look to wear for something dressy or something to wear casually.


I love the fit and the color.  I have not worn this dress yet. But when I do I know I will gather plenty complements. When I wear my dresses people already know my dresses are from amazon. They would say to me do tell me that dress is from amazon. I would tell them you already know.  Loves me some Amazon!


Love this dress! I followed the size chart and reviews and ordered my normal size (large),and it fits great! The material is soft and the print is nice (I ordered the lemon print). Will probably order again.


Arrived on time and is a great casual dress. I am 5'3 and 150 lb and the large fit well although would have preferred it a bit shorter- it comes slightly over the knee.  The fabric isn't see through although not very thick. My only complaint is the green is more of an "army" green vs the Kelly green it appears. Plan to order a few more colors.


Beautiful print and flattering cut! I received so many compliments when I wore this dress. It's very soft and comfortable. I did need to wear a slip, but it wasn't too obvious. Great for work or date night out.


I absolutely LOVE this dress! Initially, I it in ordered it black and it fit perfect!! The first day that I wore it, I was facilitating a conference and as I was preparing the room my dress caught a broken end of a table and tore a "V" shaped rip in the front of the dress. I had to quickly mend it with my emergency sewing kit and during my break I tried to re-order an it was no longer available. I checked a couple weeks later and it was back in stock. I order it in black and several other colors. I'm getting ready too order four more colors/patterns. I have gotten so many compliments on this and everyone is so surprise to hear it was from Amazon!


SOOOOO,..... SEE THROUGH!!!!


I LOVE THIS DRESS! It is so cozy and soft, yet still fitted. The fabric is light, breathable, flowy, and super stretchy. It's a little big on me, I originally got a size large, so the next ones I will be getting are a size medium (yes, I am ordering 2 more now).


This dress is cute, comfy, and work-appropriate! The material is very soft. It's thin enough to need a slip under it, and it does wrinkle fairly easily, but other than that, I love it! I'm going to wait until I've worn & washed it a few times to see how it holds up, and then probably buy a few more. I'm 5'9" and 140 lbs and the small was perfect.


It's a very pretty dress, just didn't fit me. It really emphasized my belly flab instead of skimming over it. I really wish it had fit, as I liked the style, length and pattern. I'm 5' 10" and it came just to the top of my knees. I did think it was a bit too sheer...if I was going to keep it, I wouldn't wear it out in daylight without a slip so not great for the hot summer days when you don't want layers.


