Let's begin with this - it's see-through if you order yellow. It's also cut poorly in the waist department if you carry your extra baggage out front. You'll look like you're pregnant. Great on a skinny minnie or a very curvy plus sized girl but not good to hide imperfections. I felt huge. Took it right off and hid it away. The sleeves are REALLY tight.  It made all my arm cellulite show. Mind you, I wear a 15-16. It just wasn't flattering without a belt.


LOVE this dress! Simple, fits great, nice quality. I'll be buying more in other colors/styles !


Fabric is see-through, so plan to wear a slip or a shirt and leggings underneath. The waist on this is SUPER HIGH. I'm long-waisted and it's almost an empire waist on me. Not a big fan, due to that, which is unfortunate, because it's a really nice, soft fabric and I would have LOVED to buy it in more colors.


This dress is very soft. Somewhat thin, so a slip is recommended. Great color saturation on the pattern. Shipped in plastic pouch, so it was very staticky upon removal and even after hanging for a few days. It has a built in waistline seam that is a bit short for my preference. If I order another print, I will go one size up for that reason. I purchased the medium. (For reference: I'm currently US 10/12; 5'5, 175lbs)


Very cute! Fits great! I did order up a size from my normal shirt sizing. Haven't washed yet. Does not appear see through. I am 5'7", 150 pounds and small busted and ordered a medium.


Big and baggy on my 5 '2 frame. It looked like a garbage bag on me


I am 5'11 and I am fairly tall and lean. It is hard to find dresses that are long enough form my tall frame but this is a perfect length. It falls just above my knees. I ordered a medium. I typically wear small/mediums, sizes 4-8 depending on the dress. I ordered the medium because I assumed a medium would be a longer length. It was a bit baggy in the waist and I could have gotten a small. I am 150lbs with a 28-29inch.waist. The Medium is still wearable and great! A small would have been preferred for me personally. The color is a deep hunter green. I was expecting a light bright green but it wasn't quite that. Still beautiful and will be a great spring dress!!


I love this dress! The pattern is very cute and it's not see through at all. It does fit a little tight in the chest. I'm a DDD, 5'7" and around 200lbs, if that helps. But I think a size up would be too big.


I have a love affair with this dress! It is so hard to find simple, comfortable, reasonably priced dresses with SLEEVES. I have this dress in 5 different colors/patterns and I always get compliments on them. Perfect to dress up for work with a belt and necklace, but still casual enough to wear on the weekend. Slightly too long for my 5'3" height (ends just below the knee), but it hasn't bothered me enough to fix. I typically wear a size 14 in dresses, and I order an XL (but could probably go down to a L).


Good quality, nice fit, sturdy material. I don't feel like my old washer, Bessie, will eat holes in it. A little on the long side, I'm 5'2" and 170 lbs, and bought a large. I hemmed it up about 3" on bottom so it hits just above the knee. i have a larger bust (38D) and it fits well, not too tight but snug. Has lots of stretch with bounce back and the color is vibrant and doesn't fade with washing(1 so far). I will likely buy more colors, the sleeves fit nice and neckline isn't stuffy, but also not revealing.


