This dress is really cute and for the price, it was a steal.  My only complaint: a little tight around the boobages.  Otherwise, it's a terrific "little black dress" that's going in my suitcase for whenever I need it!  Yay!


I have to admit that I wasn't expecting too much but this dress is exactly what I have been looking for. The pattern (floral) is pretty, the material is not see through, and it fits true to size. Thinking about ordering another because the price can't be beat.


you can dress it up with accessories or wear it with your comfy sandals. Versatile and comfortable


great for work or play. I love it.


Horrible fabric


I really wanted to like this dress but it was way to big and also very thin, practically see through! I am 5'6 150 pounds and the medium swallowed me and went down to my shins. But any smaller/tighter and you would be able to see my skin through the fabric. I returned it.


The dress fit me well enough from the waist up. I am 5'8", and 138ish lbs - ordered the medium. My complaint is that it falls well above my knees. I like to wear dresses and skirts to work, and prefer them knee length. It is thin as well so I recommend a slip. The dress is good for the price, but I won't order any more due to the length.


I'm loving this dress.  I'm 5'9" and generally a 12/14.  The XL is pretty perfect.  The dress hits just below the knee.  I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the fabric as well.  I highly recommend this item.


I did not notice that there was a difference in the material for solids vs floral dresses. Note that the solids are 95% cotton. The florals are 95% polyester (although the tag on mine says 100%). I was hoping for cotton dress when I ordered but didn’t see that floral was listed separately. Not a hug deal. The dress overall fits nicely.


Loved this so much I bought a second one in another print!


Cute cut and fit! I absolutely love the style. The fabric is stretchy and comfortable, but quite sheer when I wear it. But I have a larger bust so the fabric is stretched a bit more there. I will HAVE to wear either a full slip or a camisole and half slip any time I wear it.


