I wore this to a semi-casual wedding and it was perfect. The length was at my knees (5'4" height). I will definitely wear this again. Only downside is the material is a bit thin, but it is not see-through, so it might not last through too many wears.


I have gotten so many compliments about this dress that I can't believe it. The first day I wore it to work I got swamped with people saying how beautiful and summery it looked. My boss even threatened to steal it from me! Seriously, I'm very picky when it comes to dresses so it took me a long time to finally choose this one and I'm very pleased. It looks great and fits pretty nicely. I'm 5'2'' and 140 lbs and this medium fits me pretty well. It's a little snug towards my bust area but I can deal with that because it's fine everywhere else. I'm so happy with this dress that I'll probably buy one  of the other patterns as well.


Very soft and super comfortable! Although I ended up using this for a costume and had to do some heavy modification to it, out of the package, it fit me perfectly and looked very flattering on me. I'm pretty short, so it actually went past my knees a little, but it wasn't a big deal since I was modifying the dress anyway. The color was spot on to the image, and the material is very soft and flowing, which makes it perfect for summer! I want to order more of these in the near future because they're just so comfortable!


I love this dress! I normally wear a 14/16 in womens, probably closer to 12/14 these days, and I ordered an XL. It's a little big, but I think with washing it'll fit perfect. I love the material, stretch, length and color (yellow).


As soon as I saw the dress. I couldn't believe how well it fits, the quality and texture, and the feel of it is very comfortable and breathable... But, most of all-I love the style, color, and proportions-that goes with everything...


This dress is great! It's not only cute but very comfortable. Material is thicker than I expected and has a nice stretch to it. However, for me, it's a little bit see through. I wear a skinny strap tank top underneath so you can't see my bra. Not a big deal. Pattern was just what I wanted, I'm a sucker for floral patterns. Knee length. I wanted a nice dress for Church and this is perfect.


I am typically a size 14 dress and was debating between a large and xl based on other reviews. I am glad i went with the xl. The material is pretty thin, will need a slip.  It  is also staticy. Other than that, im happy with it. However, i have only tried it on. Havent seen how it wears after use and cleaning.


I purchased this for a Halloween costume and that's really the only reason I will wear it. I got it one size bigger than normal thinking it would be roomy, but it's way big on me and extremely long. I am 5 ft. and it seriously goes all the way to my calves. I will need to shorten the hell out of it. Even if I got my own size it would still be long.


Okay, I really love this dress!  The pattern is really cool and different!  (I got the black tie-dye pattern). I can see myself styling it with a number of different accessories of varying colors.  I’m 5’8, bust is 45”, waist 37” and the XL fits like a glove!  The hem is about knee length.  According to my mom and aunt, the lightness and stretchiness of the fabric does not compensate for its durability - they couldn’t see my silhouette in the sunlight, so that’s good!


Very comfortable, bright beautiful blue, good material. I went by the chart and erred on the side of caution. This is not a material that will have much shrinkage, so it ended up beimg rather large for me. (I ordered a different dress from same place that was perfect, but then it did shrink a bit.) Regardless, I like the dress very much.


