This dress was great quality and super cute.  im totally going back and gonna order more.  i went to target and walmart to find a great dress and left empty handed. Then i found this on amazon.  iM super excited this dress worked out and is so cute on me


Soooooo cute! So comfy! I love these dresses...and I own several! Fun just flittin' around the house or running errands. Makes me feel like Lucy..."old-school" and lady-like.


Oh it's so soft and covers my knees and hangs just right!! It looks likenit might be a little "old lady" but on it isjust youthful and spring-like. I'm in love. Looking for other patterns. I got the blue one with flowers.


I’m 5’8” and 153 I have wide shoulders and a long torso so most dress like these don’t work on me anyway. I ordered a large and could have gone with medium. Good material, nice length. Paired with a infinity scarf and long cardigan it’s super cute! Next time I will order medium, but the large will be good for my next baby bump ;)


I should have gone up 2 Full sizes not just 1. That would be a Normal misses or petite medium, should have ordered an Xlarge. I wear a 36DD this was way too tight in bust. It fit all other measurements, the sleeves were tight too But, I loved the color (as expected) and material...must return.


Nice and soft dress, very cute. Well made and not at all cheap looking. It is a bit large on me so I'm trying to figure a way to make it work so I can keep it!


I ordered one of these dresses and loved it so much I quickly ordered two more. On me, it hits just below the knee which means I can wear it to work without leggings underneath.


The material is EXTREMELY thin and see through. When I tried it in, I could clearly see my black bra. (This is with a navy dress.) The colors are vibrant and the material is very soft, but it is so thin. This is the type of material pajamas are typically made out of in. I am returning the dress because I can't wear it outside the house.


I bought this dress to wear day to day casual during the summer.  It is not see thru and comes down to the knee. I am 5'4 and 150 lbs. I got a medium and it fits just right.


This is a nice casual comfortable dress. The length is good, the fit us good. It's a good dress to wear in place of jeans with some flat sandals. The waste sits a little high on me but it's not really noticeble, so I'm good. I am going to order more in other colors to get me through the summer.


