I like this dress, but I don't love it.  I'm 5'5" and 120 lbs, and the small fits well.  Good across the shoulders, hits at my knee.  My only complaint on fit is that the waist line is a good two or three inches above where I want it.  Seems to be a problem with this style of dress, but it's cute enough that I won't go to the trouble to return it. I wore it with a jean jacket this week, and got lots of compliments. The fabric is good quality - it hangs well but has a nice stretch. I chose this dress over other options because of the cotton content, and I'm glad I did.  I got the lighter pink color, and it's not see through at all.  The fabric is still thin, so I had to choose under garments carefully - not for color but for seams, edges showing.  Overall, a good casual addition for summer.


The dress is pretty good for casual wear.  The material is that of a good T-shirt...not an expensive T-shirt.  I am a size medium and this fit me perfectly.  I am about 148 lbs and 36E.  The top fits snug but a comfortable snug.  Need to wear a t-shirt type of bra with this.  I ordered the green and gave it four stars because the green is kind of mossy...not kelly like in the photo.  It could be dressed up or down and it reminds me of something I would purchase in Old N--y.  A basic that I could throw a jean jacket over or put some nice jewelry and sandals on with to bring it up from casual.  I am about 5/6/5/7 and this hits me a little below the knees which I really like for work or other summer outings.  It looks as shown except for color.  Good Buy.


Size chart was very helpful. I wear a 16/18 5’3” apx 195lbs and got a large. Husband loves the chest, and I love the fit. It’s super soft and very comfy, I imagine the white would be see through as this is sort of thin. Am definitely thinking of buying the green for my husbands Christmas party!


I love this dress. It fits very nicely and can work as a casual dress or be dressed up to be a little fancier. It's very comfortable and well made. I want to buy it in every color. It is just so easy to work with and flatters all body types. I highly recommend this dress. It's a great lazy dress, as in it takes very little effort to make it look cute, it just is ^_^


Fits and looks great!  I'm 5'6" and the length hits me just below the knees.  It's medium weight material and the wrinkles hang out.  I dressed it up with pearls and heels, and dressed it casual with a jean jacket and boots!  Great little dress!


Feels soft yet keeps shape for faltering fit. A bit short wasted as it sits mid abdomen and thin enough to require a slip (haven't owned one for 25-30 years). Overall glad to own it. Used it for Halloween to dress up as Joy from Inside Out. Was big hit. Look forward to warm weather to wear again.


Fits great! I'm 5'4" and it hits just below the knee, so I can wear it to work (professional setting). I am 150# and the medium fits well. Fabric is nice quality and print is true to picture (floral blue 32). As some others have said, the waistline/seam hits at an odd place: a bit lower than empire waist and too high for a natural waist, so I'm glad I got a print. I love the soft stretchy cotton fabric. Stretch gives a nice fit and cotton breathes in the humidity. If I could change the dress, I'd add hidden side pockets and lower the waistline. Very happy with this purchase.


I have bought 4 of theses dresses. 5'4" and 130lbs. The waist hits a little below my bust so not exactly and empire waist but something in between. I like the way it falls as it doesn't fit tightly around my waist. The black  and the blue dresses are made of a different fabric, cotton and spandex, than the ones that have flowers. They are polyester and spandex and have a lot of static.  The polyester flower dresses do not wash as well as the solid color cotton and after several washings the black color background is looking faded. On the other hand the solid color dresses wash and wear extremely well. I tried the green colors but they were both an odd olive color so I sent back.  I would give the solid color dresses a five and the other a three so I averaged it to four.


I absolutely love this dress! It's so flattering & very comfortable. I'm 5'4" 120lbs and the small fits perfectly. I wear it with an infinity scarf & leggings right now that it's a little cool, but it'll be nice for the summer too. I may order another in a different color.


I love this dress. I am 5'7, 150lb (average build) and the Medium fits perfectly. Sleeves are fitted but not tight, and the waist is flattering as well. It hits right at my knees which makes it great for work. The fabric is really soft but not too thin, it wasn't see-through at all (although this might be different for the lighter colors). The weight of the fabric is nice for the Arizona summer heat, not too clingy or sweaty, but I think it will also be great for transitioning into winter. Went through the wash just fine, put it in the drier for a few minutes and air dried the rest. No pilling or threads coming out which is usually the tell-tale sign of a cheaply made garment. I will definitely be ordering at least one more. Overall I think this is a great buy, especially for the price.


