I do like the color of this dress and the material. After reading all the reviews about the fit, I went with getting an extra large. I am only 5'3' and the length I thought could of been a little longer next time I will go with a maxi dress. I usually like my dresses a little loose, this was a little snug, I am not a large women, but I am little chubby. I did wear it, but found myself always pulling it down. Just one more thing the dress came to my knee, so if you are taller than 5'3, it will be above your knee.


I returned this dress. I ordered a size Medium and it fit like a Large.


I am 5'4" and 121.6lbs. I usually wear a US Medium in shirts and often in dresses. I like a loose fit around my middle because that is a sensitive area for me(3 kids later!) I thought the flower print looked pretty on line but in person I was disappointed in it. I wouldn't buy this product again and I don't think I would recommend it.


It was an ok dress. I usually wear 10 or 12, but the bust part was tight and the tight material showed my "fat lumps". My husband agreed so I returned it. I considered buying the extra large, but decided against it. I was worried about the length since I'm 5' 8" but the length was fine.


UGH. I alwayssss wear a size Large dress. I'm 5'5" and 150lbs (a little chubby w/e) and carry most of my weight in my stomach and hips. I prefer my clothing not to be skin tight and also am a master at shrinking clothes in the dryer, so I buy large in almost everything. This dress was fricking HUGE on me! I looked like I was drowning in it. It seems like it'll shrink in the wash but I'm not sure if it'll shrink enough.. I'll update if I somehow end up happy with it.


This dress fits well in all the ways I like and need.  The neckline is close enough to be modest but not tight or binding.  The sleeves are just the right length.  The fit of the trunk is smooth with just the right amount of ease.  The length is just below my knees and the skirt has enough swing to make for easy walking and sitting with no concerns for a fly-away hem.  I was a little concerned about the waist seam, but it has no effect on the fit of the dress.


I can't say enough about this awesome dress. It's very flattering and very forgiving. It's super light, but not see through, and it falls just below my knees, which is exactly what I want. It doesn't wrinkle easy and it washes well. I got a patterned one so because I have small kids and I'm tired of one small stain on a solid print dress ruining it. So I have four of these now. Silly? Who cares! It's the most comfy and lovely dress! I get constant compliments on it. I have a large and I'm 5'8"  and 175lbs. I have a good waist, but I think this thing would give anyone a good waist.


I'm giving this 4 stars because I bought 2 sizes (medium and large) and the sizing is so weird. I'm 5'9", 175 lbs and pear shaped. (I'm a 36 B). The Large is big, but it doesn't look bad and I'm fairly good at sewing, so I can take it in if needed, but I thought I would try the Medium because I thought that would be the perfect fit. Nope! The medium is SUPER tight across my small chest and the waist is a few inches higher than the large was. I did get a black and a floral one, so maybe that makes a different in the sizing, but I was a bit surprised that they are so different. Should only be 1 size, but it feel likes 2 sizes smaller. Besides that I really like these dresses. I will probably stick with the large one because I like that the waist is actually at my waist and I also like that it's not super tight across my chest. If you are bigger than a 36 B you should definitely get the Large. My hips are 44" and both skirts are big enough to go over them with plenty of space, so base the size you get on your chest and waist.


loved this. could be worn as an informal dress to a bridal shower without any issues.


I've gotten so many compliments on this dress.  It's hard to find modest dresses and this one is great.  I love the black floral. The only thing is you do need to wear a slip because the fabric is somewhat thin. I am about 5'4" 140 lbs and I ordered the large. I have a lot of weight around my middle and lower half so if you carry your weight differently you could probably be at that weight get a medium. The length is just below my knee. It does have an A-line shape.


This dress is EVERYTHING you could want for under $20! For starters... read reviews to find the right size for you. I am an 8/10 and fluctuate between a medium and large in most things. I ordered a large and it's a little snug in the chest/arms but I'm a flattering way. I'm a 36/38 D and the "girls" look nice but not overly so. I never write reviews but I LOVE this dress! I WILL order more... I want every color!


