I absolutely love this dress! I ordered it based off all the great reviews. I noticed a lot of people said it was a thick material but I found it to be a little thinner than I was expecting. However, the fit is perfect! I did order a large originally but the company made the exchange process very easy. The bag that they send you the dress in is the same bag you ship it back to them in and it made the exchange even easier than I've experienced in the past. I will definitely be buying another dress again soon!


I wore this dress today. I didn't even have to iron it! So comfortable, great material, very soft. I got several compliments on it, and my husband said I looked sexy.


The color is pretty much exactly as pictured. Quality of the dress is even better than I expected. soft material, well made, not at all see through. Hits just below the knee, and the waist is closer to empire than the true waist line.


I will likely buy this in another color.


I like it a lot!! It is a modest length, and the fit is perfect. I measured before I ordered, and I ordered the exact size indicated by the chart. Perfect result! I get a lot of compliments when I wear it, and it is soft and comfortable. Buy it! It comes in a lot of different colors.


Very soft material and looks cute. It's comes with a lot of static and does cling to every roll, a  good spanx will help. I'm normally a size 10/12 ordered a medium and it fit a bit snug but I would order again in a bigger size.


I absolutely LOVE this dress. I'd been looking for ages for a semi-casual, modest, versatile dress, and this one fits the bill. The fabric is a soft, almost heavy t-shirt kind of material, which makes it pretty breathable. It drapes and swings nicely. I feel pretty in it, but I don't feel "over-the-top" or "over-done" or "super formal" in it, which is a feeling that keeps me from wearing dresses regularly. I'm 5' 4" and the bottom hem falls within an inch below my knees. I'm 115 lbs, with fairly average proportions, and the Small fit me perfectly. I loved this so much that I bought a second one, and it fits just like the first.


I really wanted to like this dress. I sized down based in other reviews and got a medium 170lbs 5'4. I got one of the flower ones which was gorgeous.  Unfortunately the cut was just off. The waist hit too high, in between empire and waist and the fabric between the seams was mismatched and didn't line up.


Love this dress! I live in Florida and don’t wear dresses a lot but love the fit and flare of this dress. It can be worn casual with sandals or add jewelry or a scarf and some wedge heels and it looks great. It is a great dress for play or work. Most T-shirt dresses are tent but this one is very fitted through the bust and waist then has a flare skirt. Great buy for the money.


Perfect! I'm 5,4' this dress hits just below my knee. Soft, flow-y skirt & semi fitted bodice this dress is everything it said it was. Sleeves fit very nice, I have trouble with LLR varying in the sleeves and some fitting super tight, not this dress. Made of a nice summer soft T fabric. I'll buy another!


This makes me look fat, or maybe I am blaming my looks on an inatimate object?


Nope, it's definitely the dress. It makes me look like a square, even though I have an hourglass shaped body. Maybe we a belt on the waist the cinch it down, but that's a 2005 look that I'm not into. It was good for my halloween costume as Princess Bubblegum


Cheap, comfortable, and depending on your shoes and jacket can be worn casually or for work. I got a size based on my hips, not my bust, so the waist and chest are a little loose. However, despite that it still looks good on me, and I am keeping it for those days Im a little heavier. Definately going to order more.


