This dress is SO cute. I have tried it on and it fits me well. I ordered a size small and I’m 5’7 and 145 pounds. I have a very slender upper half and larger bottom so I was slightly worried, but it fit so well! Usually dresses are either too big around my waist and/or too short in the back due to my shape. Not this dress! It’s perfect. The only complaint I have is that it is slightly transparent. A nude bra and underwear fix this, however. It’s cute and I’m thinking about ordering more patterns!


this is TERRIBLE. the white is so see through that you can literally see freckles on my back through the fabric, along with anything and everything else. dress is awkwardly long too - i am 5'7 and it reaches to mid knee. seams are uneven and crooked. basically looks like it was constructed with tissue paper.


med fits36" bust and 32" waist, like it but a little long, 5'2" hits way below the knee.  wrinkles fast. but good for price. looks good on, I like the fitted look, not baggy to make you look bigger.


Bought several of these types of dresses for my daughter.  The fit is good and the cotton is comfortable.  However, the pink is really gross in person.  It's pretty dark and not exactly as expected.  Returned.


The torso is quite long, which means the flare doesn't start where it should to be as flattering. The material is also quite a bit LESS stretchy than I anticipated it would be. Overall, not super stoked about this and wishing I had gotten a larger side... maybe then it would flow a bit better. I'd say it runs slightly small.


Wonderful casual dress! I’m 5’6” 168 lbs with 34B bra, and I purchased the large. It fits so comfortably and hides my thicker legs and pudgy mid section. There is definitely enough room for someone with larger breasts to wear this too. The material on the floral print is thinner than other dresses I’ve purchased in the past, but not thin enough to be see through.


I love this dress!  It's a great fit!  A little longer than I expected (which is positive,  i thought it would be shorter than I like) , the fabric is a little in the thin side but not see through.  I love it.


This is my go to dress! I now own three of them and would happily own more. I’m 5’2” and, embarrassingly, 230 lbs - need to work on that. I carry all my weight in my midsection so I usually need a 2X in tops and dresses. This in a 2X fits perfectly and is super flattering as well as comfy. I’ve washed my first one several times and it still looks great.


I have two toddlers so I do a lot of bending and lifting. The length of the skirt is great because I know I’m not flashing anyone when I bend over. Same with the neck line, a flattering scoop but I never worry about cleavage when leaning over. I’ve gotten lots of compliments on all the dresses. Would recommend it 100%!


It's t-shirt material as I expected.  It looks good and it topped off my Marge Simpson costume.  What I like the most is I can wear it after halloween.  Sorry I couldn't figure out how to turn my picture vertical when I uploaded it.


The look, feel, and fit of this dress are all better than expected.  And the color is exactly as indicated.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I haven't worn it or washed it yet.  I may circle back and update my review after wearing/washing.  But out of the bag, it looks great.  Can't wait to wear it!


