This fit very well.  This is the third I ordered, the first was perfect and the second, although the same size was very, very large.  These folks were extremely accommodating and accepted return.  The replacement order, which I ordered in a different pattern, fit perfectly.  A bit of a hassle, but I love the style of the dress, it is very flattering to most body types.  For the price, couldn't do better, just be aware that the different color/print choices may or may not be true to fit.  It was worth having to go through reordering.


tem arrived super fast I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this dress and so comfy I ordered an xl I am 5'5 160 it fit great hugged all the right places without showing off any tummy bulges.  I did reorder an xxl to see how it would fit because The xl fits great but I know despite my best intentions it will get thrown into the dryer and be a tad to tight.  once I figure out my size I am definetely going to order other colors perfect summer dress.


What a cute dress! If I had to name it, it would be called "A fitted T-Shirt Dress"..perfect for stepping out the door, dressed up or down. For reference, I'm 5'4" and wear a 8 to 10 and most medium tops and a 34DD. I decided to order a large because it is 'fitted', and I'm glad I did. It's still fitted around the upper body but it's not tight. This is a GREAT dress!


This dress is fun and flattering to my curvy figure. It’s more of a summer material and could be thin enough to see through except the flower print prevents that. It’s like a T-shirt material. I’m 5’4” and it hits me at the lowest part of my knees.  Also important to note that the fabric is not so thin that it hugs my lumps and bumps. It falls very nice.


Perfect light dress that can look both casual and nicer. Thick material so it's not too see through. I wore it to a St. Patrick's day thing and was asked where to buy it. I'll be buying it in more colors too because it's an awesome dress. I'm 5'1" and it comes a little below my knees, so a bit longer than expected but I love it.


Good for the price. Very comfortable material, and I am happy with the length. I'm 5`3" and about 125 lb, and the size small fits comfortably.


For the most part, this dress fits well. I ordered a small. I'm 5'5" and around 108-110 lbs. The only thing that I was dissatisfied with was the length. It's much longer than I expected or wanted it to be. It's below knee-length. But, other than that, it's nice quality and looks nice otherwise.


I'm 5'3", 145lbs, 42C  and size large was a perfect fit. On me, the length falls just below my knees. This dress will be flattering to most figures and is soft and very comfortable. You will need to wear a half slip or similar and definitely a bra as this is a bit see through. These dresses are perfect for warm weather wear and if you want you can "bling" it up a bit with a belt, etc. I'm ordering a few more, excellent price.


I ordered 2 of these dresses. One in navy and the other in navy with floral print. They are very comfortable and they look very pretty on. I am 5’4”, 170 with a 36DD chest. I ordered an XL in both dresses. They seem to fit as expected, slightly loose in the upper chest area. I ordered a larger size in case they shrink. Dresses are a little plain but paired with a belt or scarf you can dress it up a bit. I will definitely order more.


I love this dress so much that after my first one came I ordered 3 more. It's so easy to throw on and looks very nice. I like that it goes to my knees. It does have a bit of an empire fit/look but I am short-waisted so I like that. I might return the white one because it's too see-through and it is a little bit shorter than the others. But I will be ordering more!


