Very cute dress. I bought the floral navy blue one and it looks great. I only gave it 4 stars because it came with loose threads at the hem that I had to fix.


I love this dress.  The color was as depicted on the screen.  The fabric is a good weight and isn't thin or see through.  I will be buying this in another color.


Quite tight despite ordering at least two sizes bigger. Looks like it will be easy care but don't know yet since I haven't been able to make it fit yet.


I got two in short sleeve and one in 3/4. I absolutely love the cut and length. Very flattering on my short, heavier frame. Very feminine too. I get compliments all the time. The cotton with spandex keeps it's shape and allows for dressy or casual.


I had to order a bigger size because I have a bigger chest, G. However, I am shorter so this dress was extremely long. It just stopped awkwardly on my leg, below my mid calf and ankle. I am 5' 4''. It would be a great fit for those who are taller.


This has by far passed my expectations! First off, I am 5’2” and around 210lbs. I bought the navy floral in Large and it fits perfectly. I was nervous about the length since I am so short, but it hits perfectly at my knees. I have received many compliments on the dress and you can’t beat the price! I am definitely going to be buying more! This is lightweight, soft, and comfortable.


So cute, comfy, and flattering! I love it for work or going out. I am 5'5 and the medium hits me right at the knee. It is very slimming and looks beautiful on. I normally wear size medium tops, have a large chest, wear size 6-8 pants, and the medium fit perfectly. I'm working on my self control not to buy it in multiple prints!


Love this dress! I love dresses but they're always so short on me. I'm 6'0" and it almost reaches my knees (NEVER happens). So comfy and soft. Def buying more of this brand.


Love..love...love...this dress.The material is so soft and light weight. The style/fit is comfortable...if you have stomach, hips,. butt this dress covers it all. I have purchased 4 and will order more...nice dress for the summer that you can dress up or causal.


I originally bought a medium and found that a bit too loose, so I returned it and got the small. Love it! I'm 5'6" and 138lbs for those debating between sizes. It's really comfortable and sits well! I might just order a few more colors!


