This is a pretty dress color as pictured. It is thin and needs at least a half slip. It would be for summer. I usually wear a large but went up a size and fit perfectly. Haven't wore it yet and don't know how it will hold up. The material is like a t shirt.


I'm so in love with this dress! I ordered the Red Peony print and loved it so much, I ended up ordering a solid black one AND a yellow floral one. The fit is great - I am 5' 6" about 180 lbs and ordered the large. I love how it's covered up and not too short. LOVE this!


Best dress ever.  Super-comfy.  I bought it in the red peony pattern.  I'm 5'5", 42-38-44, about 172 lbs, and the XL fits perfectly. Length goes to just barely below my knee, which is perfect.  I just ordered a few more in other colors.  These will be my 'go-to' dresses for work and for casual wear in the summer.


I love this dress and intend to order more in other colors. I am 5' 7" and it hits in the middle of my knees. I like the way it falls from the rib cage instead of the waist, it is very slimming. The fabric is pretty see through so I had to wear a slip under it. I completely recommend this product. It can be dressed up or down and is very versatile. I received the package very quickly and it wasn't too wrinkled when it arrived.


Cute styles and colors but the XL was still too tight for my figure. I'm 5'4 and wear a size L to XL. I also was expecting a softer type of breathable material. I didn't like feel of the fabric.


Very inexpensive little summer weight dress. Probably best for young girls (unlike me). Flimsy fabric and tighter fit than I prefer caused me to return this dress. Also found the round neckline unflattering. Fortunately, returning this item is free!


I love this dress! It fits perfectly and is more silky than the solid color, which also fits beautifully. I'm 5' 3 inches and 115 lbs. The small fits perfectly and hits just at the knee.  I will probably buy this in more colors it's so adorable and easy to throw on and look dressed up or down.


I loved the color and the material of this dress. It was just a bit too tight for me. It is a great price if you can figure out your size. It would look great on an hourglass figure. I am more of an apple type. So back it goes.


Nice fabric and workmanship. The cut is nice and long (I'm 5'10"). My only complaint is the waist seam falls funny and looks frumpy, but I couldn't make a wide belt sit covering the seam. A little belt makes it look funnier. Still good. Very soft and comfortable.


LOVE this dress!  I'm plus size & pear shaped, and I've been looking for a flattering dress.  This is it!  It's super soft and comfortable and fits just right.  It's a great length and very versatile (with a cardigan and leggings for fall, flats for spring, etc.) . I haven't washed it yet, so I can't speak for durability, but I'll update if I need to.  Planning to order several more colors over the next few weeks.


