These dresses are perfect for me. The fabric has a bit of a stretch to it and the colors are vibrant. I love the way they dress hits right at the knee. I currently own the dress in green, purple, and orange. Will soon purchase black, white and rose. The price is right as well!


True to size! I am a medium and that's what I bought. It fits perfectly. Take into consideration when looking at the pics people upload that this dress style does not compliment everyone. Only you know what looks good on you. This is definitely my style. It's nice for girls with curves.


This dress is exactly what I expected! It has t-shirt feel to it! Very nice! Very breathable! Love the color!


I love this dress. I always read reviews especially with my height, I am 5'10". The length was great on me, hit me just below the top of my knee. Super comfy and a good overall fit. I ordered a large and usually wear a 10.


So pretty and so comfy. Fit as expected. It is longer in length than expected, but I would rather have it long than short!  Material is great quality. I'm going to have to buy more of these in other colors.


I love this dress. My only problem with it is that I bought a small when an xs probably would have fit me better. I came back to order more dresses here and was so disappointed! I love so many of these dresses but I dont want to buy them all a size up and wear oversized clothing. If you make more availible in xs ill definatly buy more. But if not I guess this is great for everyone else.


Comfortable fit, t shirt material, but very high waisted and not flattering. I am 5'4, 135 lbs and very pear shaped. I bought the size large. I would have loved it if the waist were a bit lower.


I usually wear a size medium in dresses, especially if they are more full on the bottom half. This dress was super-tight in a large! I had to return it, unfortunately.


Finally a dress that wasn’ t Too tight. And I liked having sleeves for the colder temperature.


Would like one in lighter colors.


Supply seems to be limited in the XX large.


Very comfortable but I think I'd prefer it if the waist line seam was perhaps an inch lower than directly under boobs.


