Im 5ft1 150


34ddd


32 waist


40 hip


Very comfy


Good material


I liked a lot the material, design and style. Very fresh and casual. It is what I was looking to cover my knee brace. Very pleased!


I ordered a 2XL cause there was an option for it and I was given a XL instead, it fits still just a bit snug on the arms but in all honesty it's a nice fit it's pretty long I'm 5'6 and it went a centimeter before my knee but it doesn't look bad at all. I put a petticoat underneath it doesn't look bad you just my might have to hem the bottom of it. Over all it's a good product and I'd buy it again, not to mention the great speedy shipping!


These are sooo comfortable and cute, I bought multiple colors and patterns. For sizing, I typically wear a small in women’s and a mediumto large in juniors, and the small fit perfectly.


Love love love these dresses,  so soft, i ordered a medium and its slightly loose fitting,  and I am about 5'7 and 130 pounds.


Nice dress. The fabric was a bit wrinkled when it arrived though; it's all cotton I believe. But still a good dress,versatile.


Great color.  Nice material.  I’m a size 6 and small busted...the medium fits nice but the waistline is really high.  I will definitely wear a belt.


Nice summer fabric and a good fit. (I did order up one size just in case and am glad that I did.) Design is true to illustration.


Got this dress for a baby shower.  It fit great and the material is super soft too.  The black is a tiny bit see through, so just make sure you wear the right color of undergarments!


I love this dress. I selected the lemon print and get compliments when I wear it. It is comfortable and light. I am 5’6” 190lb and a large bust (34J). The XL fit well but was too big in the waist. I took it up about 1/2” in the waist, and the fit was perfect. The material did pill a little where my bag rubbed against it. For the price, it can’t be beat. I’ll probably order this in another pattern.


