A nice dress, very comfortable and soft. You get what you see. I returned it because it simply wasn't my style. I thought it would look good on me, but I was sadly mistaken. The green is like the picture: rich and dark and gorgeous. The material is very light, casual, summery, and stretchy. Not a super durable fabric, but a comfy one. The style of the dress lets it hang nicely, too. It doesn't bunch up or anything. A good weight.


I'm 5'5 weigh 116lbs and it fits perfect knee length. Size small


I'm 140 lbs. 5'2. Fits great. Hits right at the knee. Great for pear shapes with smaller tops and wider bottoms. The dusky pink color is the perfect pink. Not too neon. Not too pale. More of a swimsuit material, but not tight at all. And not shiny in color. I wear it with high heeled sandals, flats, and boots.


Fabulous dress. I purchased the green color in an XL. I'm about 5'6" and typically wear an XL/XXL in tops and 16/18 in pants. Length and fit were perfect. Fabric is soft, stretchy, and thick enough to be smoothing instead of clingy without being too hot (I wore in in Florida for a day). Washed well with minimal shrinkage. Planning to purchase it in other colors too


I absolutely love this summer dress! Great for casual and for work. Very flattering, fit me beautifully. I wear a black and silver cinch belt with it when I want to dress it up. Fit as expected...I feel great whenever I wear it.


This dress is adorable! I used the sizing guide in the description and it fits well, with the waist and hem hitting me in a very flattering spot. My only concern is that the chest is a bit tight,  which made the dress a little sheer through the top. I AM slightly disproportionate at a 36G, so it’s more my fault than the dress’s. Overall, a great score for a great price! It’s one of those dresses where you just want to twirl around in it!


This is such a nice and comfortable dress. I'm going to be using it as a bridesmaid dress pairing it with a gold belt and shoes, but it would also work great as a casual dress. I'm a very petite woman (5'1", 95 lbs) And I find it hard to find something from online that fits right, but the extra small worked great!


The only thing that I'm not really fond of is the color, I got the green dress, and it's definitely not the bright color that it is in the picture. It's definitely more desaturated than that. Almost an olive color.


I love this dress! It is lightweight and casual, but can also be worn to work. I am just over 5'9" and it falls just below my knees. It is a little snug in the chest, but it has enough stretch that it works out. I knew that might be the case since I measure a 44" and the XL says 40.5" for the bust measurement, but I didn't want it to be too baggy everywhere else. I will likely purchase more of these in different colors.


I purchased this dress as a backup dress for more “adult” events. It’s wonderful. I wear app a size 10 in dresses, I’m 5’ 1” and 130 lbs. This dress hugs your body gently yet it doesn’t show bumps and bulges. On my 5’1” frame it hits mid calf... I highly recommend this dress for anyone. Give it a try, but warning: you’re going to want one in every design and color!


Cute pattern, but obviously cheap. See-through anywhere it's not "loose" (i.e. the chest area). Definitely needs a belt to cinch at the waist, otherwise it's too lose and not flattering. Length is pretty long, fell below knees (I am always worried that cheaper dresses will be too short - so this was definitely not a problem!) but a little too long for my liking. Also, material began to wear after only a few times wearing it. Cute in a pinch to wear for an event once or twice, but will not last long term.


