I ordered two different floral dresses.  They arrived fairly quickly and I was very happy to receive them because they are both pretty and colorful.  I like the modest design of the dress, and the length to the knee.  The fabric is thin so you need a sweater in the fall or early spring, but it would be a perfect weight for the summer.  The fabric is stretchy and quality of the dress is very good.  The dress seems true to American sizes.  Both floral dresses are lovely and I'm happy with them.  I would order again because the price is very reasonable.


beautiful dress! a little loose, but that's how i prefer.. at 5'2" it hangs below the knees but not too low.. is there a term for that area right in the middle between the knee and foot? anyway, i love the length! the only thing with this dress is it's been washed a few times now (and only air dried) and it's definitely getting a little faded, it's not as vibrant or fresh looking as it was when it first arrived


oh and p.s. i wear a short slip under it (personal preference) and it flows much nicer with that


I would have given this dress 5 stars except the stitching started coming apart at the waist during the first wear. The stitching on the entire dress so loose it could easily come apart making this a 2 piece.


I'm only 5'1 the dress has an awkward length of going well below my knees. If you are petite pants sizes this dress will make you look shorter so you may need to hem it.


Outside of that it looks like the photos. It can be worn in colder seasons with a sweater, scarf and boots so enjoy.


I normally wear a size 10-12 in a dress this style but, based on the sizing chart and other reviews, I ordered an XL. I am  pear shaped and 175 lb, 5'6". This dress fits well and drapes well. The material is thin but, slip shorts and a dark bra keep you modest. Colors are vibrant and true to the picture. I purchased three dresses from this line. Two prints are thin but, the solid (wine) is a different material and is heavier and not see through. The waistline is high but, not empire. It fits in the smallest part of your ribs and will make your waist look smaller.


My favorite dress purchase from amazon! This is the perfect length for a midi dress,  it is so comfy i can dress it up with a blazer and wear it to work or wear it casually on the weekend. I bought the medium in navy peony. The sleeve length is ideal.


I am 5'4" and 140lbs


Bought an L, which fit about like a 10 or 12. Other reviews said the dress runs large. It didn't in my case.  The fabric is like a soft tshirt. This is the type of dress a schoolteacher on a budget would wear.  Pretty, functional, modest, and inexpensive.  I dressed this way all through my teaching career and wish I had found these dresses then.  Not quite nice enough to wear to church or a party, but comfortable and serviceable.


Ordered the floral (polyester) and the royal blue (cotton spandex) dresses.  The floral dress is ok for money....the polyester fabric was a bit hot to wear but the fit was good.  The blue cotton spandex dress is great.  Great fit (I bought a large in both dresses - I'm 5'4", 36B bust, 31 waist, 41 hip) and they washed well.  I purposefully shrunk the blue cotton dress and now it fits my midsection a little better and the length is about an inch shorter).  The dress skims over curves without showing every bump.  Have ordered a couple more of these dresses in the cotton fabric.  For the price, these are great dresses and can be dressed up or down any way you like.


I wear a size 14 dress and am large busted. I purchased the XXL size as indicated from the HUHOT size chart. It fit like a dream. I was worried it would show all my lump and bumps but it was not as clingy as I imagined. The fabric feels like an old tee shirt but has a jersey weight to it. I am five foot ten and it came to my knees. I was a bit worried it would be too short. I first ordered a pattern but also ordered the emerald green. I think it will be a great dress to wear in the summer. It has a forgiving waist line so my tummy is covered. LOVE IT!


Definitely not the best either. The hem at the bottom is uneven but that probably has something to do with the weird ass waistline. Its not even sewn on straight! Luckily I'm pairing this dress with a black belt so it won't be seen, but poor quality indeed.


I ordered a Medium for a Louise Belcher costume. I'm 5'2, 139 lbs, 34C, 29" waist, 38" hip (which doesn't matter at all due to the skater style dress). The dress is a little baggy because I am a pear shape, but dressing as Louise, I didn't want this to be tight. The only changes that have to be made is the length of the dress. It comes down to mid calf. Being 5'2 i expected it to be below the knee, just not this long. I'll just have to hem it before wearing.


