I love this dress... I bought it for St. Patrick's Day. It is a little longer than I would like, but I am 5'2. The fabric is soft.


I have this dress in the floral print and black. I ordered an XL and it fits me perfectly! I'm 5'10" and ALL legs, it falls right to my knee cap which is exactly what I wanted. I normally wear about a 12/14 L/XL in things and I prefer the XL in this dress. I believe the Large would be too small on me. It's great for the office or church or a slightly dressy outing. It's a good quality fabric, mid-weight. Not too thin or thick. It's very flattering, does a nice job of accentuating my bust and hiding my mom tummy. The stitching appears to be well done, it looks more expensive than a $19 dress. I will definitely order more colors.


seriously in love with this dress! the fit is so great and the colors and pattern are so beautiful! i wore this for our engagement pictures and we love the look. i put a belt on to add a little something. i had multiple people ask me which local boutique i bought this at.. loved informing them it was from amazon! (i am 5’7” and 130lbs - medium fits perfect)


This dress is awesome and  super cute. Fits well and I love that it's a little longer so I don't have to worry about it being to short. If your a short person it might be a little long. The pattern is colorful and is as pictured. It's cotton like and comfortable. Fabric is a little thin but not too bad. Overall a great dress for the price


I'm 5'6", size 10, 36D, 40" bust, 33" waist, 42" hips, hourglass shape. I ordered the Light Blue dress in a Large. It was fitted, yet comfortably loose. The waistline is much higher than it looks in the pictures, but that was ok since it was for a costume. The fabric is soft and the dress didn't fade or shrink after washing. The length fell right below the knee for us. My husband and I were the Grady Twins from The Shining for Halloween. I ordered his dress in an XL so it wouldn't be tight. This dress was great for that since it had to be stretchy to fit his broad chest and shoulders.


I absolutely love this dress. It arrived when expected and in excellent condition. This is actually the second one of these dresses that I bought. It is slightly longer than the first one I purchased, coming to just below my knees. I have already ordered two more for a friend.


I typically wear a large, size 12 in dresses and pants,  and this fit as expected


Love this dress! It's so soft and so pretty. Bought for a baby shower and will be wearing with nude wedges. Being 5'8", I struggle with dresses that are either too short, not long enough or fall at an awkward calf length. This dress is just perfect in that arena and I love that it hits just at the knee. I ordered the small as I expected it to run big and be "wider" in a way but I could've definitely gotten the medium with no issues of it being too big. The small fits like a glove (especially in the arms) but is soft and stretchy and looks great. I want to buy the navy one too now! Would definitely recommended!!


I bought this hoping I could dress it up for the office and wear it casually on the weekend. It's great! I wear a US 6 and am 5'4", 145 lb.  I ordered a medium and it is not snug anywhere.  A small would probably fit just fine, but my office is FREEZING and I wanted to be able to add leggings and a top under, and a cardigan and boots on the outside. It's the perfect size for that.  I love the print. The mustard color is darker than I expected, but that's no problem.


Sorry for the weird angle of my pics. The phone was balancing perilously on the coffee table.


The color was not as vibrant as I would have liked. It was a faded army green. Also, it was two sizes too big. I normally wear a size L to XL depending on the maker of the product, but I ordered an XXL for this dress because I measured my waist and it's 41 inches. I am 5'6" and 190lbs. I fit a size 16 to 18 in pants and dress sizes and am a 38B on top. A company representative of HuHot contacted me promptly and offered a full refund and a 30% discount on my next purchase. The customer service of HuHot company is awesome and deserves 5 stars. I actually like their products, because I ordered something else from them previously and it was beautiful and fit well. I think if I order from HuHot again, I will order a smaller size and choose a different color. The fabric is soft and nice, but again, it was the size of the dress and the color that just made the whole dress look bad on me.


i'am really happy with my purchase can i say omg wow what a wonderful summer dress but i really dislike the fact that all the dresses is see through great to wear


if only you add a slip in dress underneath or some kind of dark or white legging's to hide your bum :( ...


other then that it's gorgeous and cute <3


