I love this dress!!! It's so flattering and a good length for wearing to work or out - not too short, not too long. I got the floral and the yellow. The yellow is completely see through despite the thick feeling fabric, so unless you're planning on wearing it with a camisole  and a vest, I wouldn't get that color. I sent the yellow back and will be purchasing the other dark colors and patterns.


This dress was perfect for what I needed. The length is to my knees, and it fits true to size. The quality was better than I expected. It's not sheer at all, it's comfortable, and stays in place.


I'm about 5'11" and 155lb - ordered a Large.


this is simple stylish dress that comes just below the knee. I bought it for my daughter, who has hips, thighs and a well formed back side. It was very flattering and minimized those areas nicely. it was made of t-shirt material. Comfortable of a casual or dressed up event.  I would buy it again!


This is such a pretty dress and so comfortable! I am a 16/18 and the XL fit just perfectly. The slightly flared skirt is very flattering. The neckline is not too deep and not too high. I may get another color!


I loved the color of the drass however I'm 5'2 with a bigger bust. The dress made me look like I was pregnant and I think that's just because of where the seam was.


Great dress, comfortable material, fits great, color is true to pictures, great price!!


Such a cute dress!  The fit is pretty accurate and the color is just like in the picture.


I know I will be wearing it a lot this Summer season.  It arrived very quickly and in perfect condition.  So glad I finally decided to get it!


I loved this dress because the print and style was great. However, I held my hand inside of it and you could see right through it. I had purchased the black dress with the floral print and I could not have worn it without a slip of some sort and I didn’t want to do that so I returned it.


I bought this beautiful dress for my 13 year old daughter.  She loves to wear it with sandals or converse, and throws on  a dusty pink light weight denim jacket for the chilly evenings.  Excellent quality knit, so comfortable, and modest!  Perfect for spring and summer as they are.  Layer it up by adding a cardigan sweater, light weight denim jacket, belt, or boots for fall and winter.  Fits true to the size chart.  Length is just below the knee, but covers the knees when sitting because of the fullness of the skirt.  Modest neckline fits just below the collarbones.


This dress runs LARGE. I ordered my size, small, and I wish I could say it looked good, but, it did not. Also, this dress is midi length which really isn't a flattering style for someone who is 5'5". So, I had to return it.


