I dressed it up with a belt and some costume jewelry. I should have brought the green or red, but overall I'm happy with the purchase


Was able to wear this last night to my sister's award ceremony. It fits perfectly and I absolutely love it. It's not too thin or too thick material. The dress is soft and flows as you walk. It's a beautiful dress with vibrant colors. It fits in all the right places. I'm very satisfied! Was definitely worth the price. One of my new favorites


I am always shy about buying dresses onling. Will it be too short? Will it fit over my boobs? Will it highlight my tummy that needs to loose weight? You ladies know the feeling I'm sure.


I LOVE this dress. So much so that I bought it in 3 colors. The yellow is a tad see through, so nude undergarments are a must. I bought all thr and in the largest size and they fit perfectly. They can be dressed up or down. Perfect all year round. I plan on pairing leggings with them in the colder months and layering with sweaters.


I apologize for the dirty mirror. I blame my dog.


So I really love the pattern it's beautiful. I am 5'8" and at time of photo 127lbs, size A cup. I ordered a small.


Reason I deducted a star is that it's really see through. I wore a white sports bra and gray bike shorts underneath for modest issues.


This has a great length, can be worn at work and you don't have to worry about it showing your "behind". I paired this with a belt bought On Amazon and it looks amazing.


Since it's see through maybe darker colors would be better. I would love if the company made this dress in thicker fabric or with some kind of layer underneath. I would pay more for a dress that I know is not see through.


I am 5'4" 140lbs and this dress fit me perfectly. Knee length, not to tight. Really stretchy and comfortable. Highly recommend!


Love this dress!! True to size, decent quality fabric, very comfortable.


I love this dress so much. It's so comfy, fit great, and I want one in every color. The only reason it's not 5 stars is because when it came there were loose strings around the waist that needed to be tied and cut, and there was a part that was stitched funny. All in all I received compliments on it all day and night, and I have a new favorite dress.


This dress makes me feel very pretty. I am 5'7", 34C, 39" hips, and this fits at my knee. I usually wear dresses a little shorter than this, but the midi length makes me feel elegant. In the color red it's really gorgeous. It definitely flares out, I could see anyone shorter than me needing to get it hemmed. The material is very thick and doesn't show bra lines, which I appreciate. It's great for work, church, holidays, etc. I'm considering buying it in black.


I LOVE this dress! I usually wear a 14/16, so I bought it in XL, and it fits well. I bought it in the wine color. I don't think a lighter color would have been as flattering on me. The empire waist accentuates my natural waist line just enough and flows beautifully into the soft pleats on the lower half of the dress. It falls right below my knees, which is a nice, modest length. The material is soft and comfortable, but is also thick enough to not be see-through. I love everything about this dress and I will be buying more in different colors!


It's a cute dress but it is extreamly see through.


