I read the reviews and decided on a large. I'm 5'4", 150 lbs, 36dd. Got the dress today and I love it. I have pretty wide hips so it's rare I feel comfortable in a dress. I probably could have gotten away with a medium, maybe the length would habe been a little shorter. As is, it hits below the knee by about 2 inches. Almost an awkward length on me, but I love the dress too much to care. Would buy again for sure! I believe the color I got was navy peony.


Best dress I've ever bought online. I bought it for my teenage daughter, and she loves it, fit exactly as it should


This was a pretty cute dress. I bought it in blue and yellow and for some reason the yellow sat much shorter than the blue. It is a bright happy yellow. I am 5'4" and 115 pounds and ordered the small.


I loved the look of the dress, sadly I read all the various reviews and ordered down a size as some had suggested... that did not work for me.  The material does have some give but not as much as most jersey dresses so I may reorder in another size or I may not.  Was nicely made I am 5"6' (the length was right at my knees) 182 lbs with broad shoulder and 36DD bra (this caused the dress to be in my armpits and very tight across the chest area.  I ordered a large but should have gotten the XL.


Very cute dress. Fits well. I am 5'10" and weigh 168 lbs. I bought the large and it fits comfortably. The length is right at my knees, which is great as it can be hard to find a dress that isn't too short with my height. The material is thin, so I would imagine the lighter colors would be a bit see-through, but this darker color is just right for the weather I will be wearing it in. Very comfortable dress and great value. I ordered another one in a different pattern!


1st, I LOVE the sunflowers! The fit was a little big but nothing to be concerned about, and it's based on my preference. If you like things snug consider a size smaller. But the material is breezy and thin (I wore a slip) so bigger still looks fantastic. If your nervous about size, be safe and get your regular size. I'm 6' and lean. I was surprised at the length. I'm tempted to buy in more colors but I'd prefer a different fit/style to mix it up. Def recommend, with the price why not!


I ordered one size up from my normal size and it fit perfect. Definitely size up if you are curvy! The dress is a very nice material, thin without being see through. It's not clingy but the fabric has some weight to it so it's bouncy. It hugs the top portion (chest) and then flows nicely to hide bumps and lumps! I am 5'8" and the dress went to the top of my knees. For the price, you can't go wrong!


This dress is SO cute. First off, when I took it out, it didn't smell which was nice. Because sometimes it can take a minute to get the smell out of new clothes I get from Amazon (for whatever reason). And it looked just like the picture on Amazon.


The fabric is very soft, like your favorite tee shirt soft. And it's light and breathable. It doesn't cling to you and is very flowy. I was pretty impressed!


When I put it on, I thought the waistline line was awkward but after considering it some more, it actually was just fine.


The dress falls to the top of my knees, which makes it a great dress for work. The sleeves aren't tight and allow for full range of motion.


I ordered a small and it wasn't tight at all! I was considering getting a medium but I'm glad I didn't, because then it would have been too big.


I received a lot of compliments on this dress the first day I wore it. super cute! Definitely get it!


The dress was comfortable, soft, and breezy. The color was exactly as shown in the picture. However, this dress was SO LONG. I'm 5'2" and ordered a small, which came to roughly 2-3 inches below my knees. If you're looking for a longer, almost tea-length dress, then this one would work, but if you're looking for a casual, knee-length summer dress this one won't be it.


I love this dress! I'm always looking for work appropriate dresses (I have a business causal dress code) and this dress is perfect. It's hard to find dresses that have sleeves and are length appropriate.  You can dress this up or down, it's lightweight, and the material doesn't require ironing after every wash. I'm 5'5 and about 165 lbs.  I wear a size 12 and the large fits perfectly. The dress hits me right below the knee. I bought this dress in four other patterns because I love it so much.


