I am so in love with this dress. The bright blue matched the pic. Got tons of compliments. It fits as expected. You may have to go a size up if you have bigger than a 36 bust. I would definitely purchase again


Fabric is quite thick, it feels like you'd be sweating in it if the weather happens to be a little stuffy. I had to return it because the large ended up too large for me. I'm 5'3" and about 140, so if you are thinking about getting it and you're around my size, I'd go for a medium. The sky blue color ended up looking very "maid-like" to me. Would make a decent costume dress.


It's OK. I looked at the reviews to figure out what size to get and I was very excited to see that many who had issues with gapping between the buttons didn't have that problem. However, when I got it, it fit everywhere except the chest, and it definitely gapped. Also, the fabric is very thin.


The dress looks great and as shown/described online.  I ordered a size small and it's a tiny bit loose around the waist and back...but not so loose that it looks odd or bad.  It would just look perfect if it was a tad tighter.  I'm 5'3",110lbs, 34D bra size.  I would definitely buy again.


I really like this dress. The color is just as expected, a rich mustard. The fit for me is perfect, I ordered a medium and I'm 5'5", 110 lbs with a small chest. I've posted a photo after washing the dress but haven't ironed yet and it needs it.


Great dress. Color is true to picture. Details and buttons are true to picture. I'm 5'5"  145lbs, 34c/d, and ordered a size medium fits great, has a little stretch but I don't need it. I wear it with a petticoat underneath to make it flare out. Overall I'm really happy with it!


Nice dress purchased black size small measurements 128 lbs 5'3" bust 36 waist 28 hips 36 go with the small fits good elastic not as tight as it could be on back. Zipper could have been a little better but for the price you really cant go wrong.Material is nice as well.so all in all good purchase.


This dress is  beautiful, material is very nice for price .I'm just very dissapointed I need it for church tea party Saturday and it didn't fit its  to small ..


I love this dress but the arms are cute too small. The rest of the dress fits fine but they made the shoulders and arms a bit to small.


Great dress! I saw it on a really popular expensive website, and wanted it, but hesitated because it was more than I'd usually spend. Then I saw it here for such a reasonable price and jumped! Immediately when I opened it, 2 buttons fell off. BUT, sewing on 2 buttons, and reinforcing 2 more so they wouldn't cause an issue, was well worth getting this dress for a quarter of the price.


