You basically get what you pay for. It was a cheap dress. I purchased it to wear in a wedding. Which I won't be. It's not very flattering on, and the material is a cheaper quality. The color I thought was going to be a darker purple, but it was more of a brighter true purple color.


Love this dress! Fit is amazing. Thicker material than I expected which was an awesome surprise. Really sturdy material, love the dress. I'm 200lbs 5'6.5" I ordered an XL and it fits great.


Gave as a gift we were watching a movie from the fifties and my friend fell in love with one of the dresses which was this dress but in lavender a great replica.


I sooo loved it!!!! I received a lot of compliments. I felt so elegant and sofisticated lol. I definitely love this dress.


The dress arrived quickly. There are many care instructions for the dress due to the material..type of detergent, way to wash, evidently snags easily and can't be hung in the sun or it will fade. I am 5'5" 165 38dd got xl. Not sure undergarments can be warn without severe lines. More top side revealing than expected, but hubby likes it. Hits floor. Nice dress for price. Dry clean probably best.


I'm 5'7, 135 lbs and the medium was just a bit big, but not an issue. Just tied the strap a bit tighter. The dress itself is adorable. So many compliments. Wore it to Disney with some retro styling and it worked perfectly. Shipped fast, great product!


I love this dress.  It is perfect for any occasion whether it's casual or a dressy.  It fit great in most areas, but it was a little big across the top of the back piece.  I had to have it altered.  I am so tempted to get it in another color!


Absolutely love this dress! I'm 5'4 and 140 pounds with a 34A bust. Ibgot a small and it fits perfectly and feels great. My only challenge was deciding on the color. I was torn between the mustard yellow, polka dot, and red - given my complexion, hands down, red was the best choice. I received a lot of compliments when I wore the dress!


Was a thick sturdy material, but an odd length so has never been worn... really cute and great quality!


Unfortunately, the garment was not as described. I have ordered many dresses from this company and they have all been fantastic. This one however is not cotton, it is polyester. Luckily, I was able to return it with no problem.


