I got this dress for my disney trip and wore it in magic kingdom, received so many compliments from complete strangers. It is very comfortable, even if you wear it for an entire day.Absolutely loved it. Made my disney experience more special.


I have gained a lot of weight in fact I wear a size 16 but I still wanted something pretty to wear for my birthday.  When I tried this dress on I was thrilled.  How can a dress cost so little but look so pretty?  I am about to order another one in a different color.


Is a little small in the bust but fits overall. Was super comfortable


Got the dress quickly.  It is a vibrant orange. I will wear it with orange tights and organs shoes for a retro look.


Great dress.  Great color (blue with white trim). Fabulous price!  My critiques: the heart-shaped buttons are a little hard to maneuver, and the cap sleeves are a little puffy.


Got this as a Alice costume for my nephews Disney birthday. Very comfortable and flattering.


This dress is absolutely adorable and fits great. I wear it any time I can find the excuse to do so.


Measurements are way off. Had to rip it off, lol. Never buy here. Don't trust the measurements!!


For $10, I should be nearly as annoyed by this as I am; however, after seeing this dress in an ad on FB and falling in love with it, I am admittedly very disappointed.


My coveted dress arrived today, and I anxiously tore open the packaging, which was nothing fancy: a padded envelope, with the dress in a sealed plastic bag with the tags attached.


Lo and behold, as I'm preparing to try it on, I notice one of the buttons seems loose. Upon further inspection, I realize that it is attached merely by a safety pin. Theoretically, this could be a fashion trend I'm oblivious to, but I've never been one to follow fashion. I'm also not remotely knowledgeable on how to sew a button on (HomeEc was a thing of the past when I was in middle school).


Now I'm stuck returning this otherwise adorable dress, with the caveat that an adult must be home for UPS to pickup the package during a business day, which is another aggravation.


Also, I'm a 5'4, 140ish lbs and a 36 big B, small C, and the girls were ready to pop right out of the size M dress I purchased. Otherwise, the material seems sturdy and it's not a horrible piece for $10.


I still love it, but tough for large chested gals. Bra will be required, but I found an awesome strapless. But your girls will be on display for sure large chested gals.


