I am in LOVE with this dress it is perfect. SIZE COLOR EVERYTHING I've never been happier with an online purchase as I am with this one.


Terrible cut.


Way to small!!  Had to return.


The tan color on the back was see through. Would have been better to replace back panel with black fabric


My daughter loves it and it is so beautiful on her. Highly recommended!


Very pretty! Love the purple color, thank you!


I love this dress so much it broke my heart to have to return it.  I admit I'm too old for the style (64) but I love these fifties style dresses.  When I was a little girl I couldn't wait to grow up so I could wear these sexy styles and by the time I was old enough they were long gone and what was in style was really tacky.  Oh well.  So I'm trying to turn back the clock?  Had a tiny waist for so long but it's gone too, however this did fit me in the waist, it's my ribs and back that seem to have expanded, and the bust.  The "bosom" part cut right across my you know whats and it wouldn't zip up from a few inches above my waist on up to the top where there were many inches between the two sides.  It also was way too long but that could have been fixed if the rest of it worked and I could tell if a large was big enough for me on top it would be too low as enough cleavage showed in the medium, any longer on top would have made it too low.  I'm: 38 bust, 32 waist, and 39 hips (they were fine), about 128 lbs.  The dimension that makes shopping really difficult is I'm only 5' tall.


The color is not quite like the picture, but fairly close.  It had less blue in it, more green and not a seafoam, although it was a very light green and very pretty.  The best part was how it hung and the fabric itself.  It had a very tiny bit of stretch and felt like a nice woven fabric from long ago, felt like a super expensive fabric that wouldn't be easy to find in a fabric store, very unusual and very nice, classy.  I love the look, love how it hung, but no way it's going to work for this antique.  It would be great for someone who is tall (although the waistband would be above your waist unless you have a very short waist, but that can be okay, the skirt doesn't just pop out below the waist, it hangs nicely) and thin, w/ either a small bust and/or small rib cage.  Oh, and the top is fully lined, very nice quality dress overall.  You could add a whatever they're called now (petticoat) to make the skirt stand out more if you want that rockabilly look, which is cute but it's nice and more versatile without it.  It does have a very full skirt.


I love these dresses!!


Color was exactly as shown and seems to be well made! Quick delivery too!


It's cute, but the fabric is really stiff & the belt loops are in an awkward place for my body shape.


