I love this dress so much! I tend to have problems finding fitted dresses/tops that have buttons, but this was perfect. I was debating between two sizes and decided to go with the larger of the two and it worked out well. I would suggest having a petticoat as well, it complements the flow shape of the dress a little more, especially if you are curvier. Very happy with this dress :)


Beautiful dress. It feels like it's great quality. Have not washed yet because I haven't worn it for a nice night out yet, so unless the color fades bad I'm very happy with the quality and price I paid for this purchase.


I am 5'1and when I tried on this dress I looked like I was drowning in it. The top of the dress fit perfectly but the bottom of the dress was way too long almost at my ankles and since it's very flowy it looked like I was a bell. It was horrible I had to return it immediately.


First bought this dress xl in grey.  It was too small, so I had to order a different color because what I wanted doesn't come in grey. I am 186 lbs 5 feet 7 inches XL did NOT fit. XXL fits I am ok with blue but would rather have the Grey dress.


In love with this vintage dress somewhat look like  from Victorian era.  I bought size large color mustered Yellow because I like my clothe little loose I am 5'5" weight 138 LB so it is below my knees in length  . It more look like a cotton dress with a very nice flare ,very pretty and very feminine. The belt is detached so you can use it with other dresses too and wear as per your choice. A must buy for summer wardrobe.


Love love love this dress.  I am not a girly girl but this makes me feel like I'm a star!  I have a muscular build 5'2'' 138lbs. it is somewhat tight to get on and across my back but that is normal for me.  I looks great paired with the Vintage Womens's 50s Crinoline Slip Tutu Skirt (Petticoat)  Can wait to wear it


It's a beautiful dress and look just  gorgeous I'm extremely happy with my  purchase for decent price amazing product and also  fit as expected I wear large I ordered a large and it's great I'm 5.7 180lb and large it's perfect also  fabric is very nice and stretchy and comfortable I highly recommend that product . Very sexi !!


It's more of an eggshell or cream color instead of white, but it's still a beautiful dress! Fits great. I'm pairing it with a green  petticoat. Looks great.


I love this dress. I am a size 10 but very full breasted so ordered size large and it fix me to a tee. I also brought a black petticoat that made this dress. I want the yellow dress and white petticoat for Easter. Love this dress.


So cute wore with Shrug to a sock hop.  Got tons of compliments.  5’6” 153lbs. XL fit perfect.


