This is a nice dress appropriate for multiple occasions in warms seasons. I ordered one in gray and upon receipt and fitting I ordered the red one. For reference, I typically wear a size 16 misses or 14/16 plus. I ordered this in size 2X for excellent fit. I gave four stars as the fabric will get wrinkled somewhat easy.


5'10" and bought a 2X. Was originally worried about the length but fell right before my knees so was appropriate for a summer wedding. The waist worked perfectly! Thinking about buying more of these dresses in the future!


P.S. Originally had to return the first dress due to manufacturing ink stain. Return was quick and easy, and refund was instated quickly!


I ordered the purple dress. I was uncertain which size to order, as I am losing weight and was not sure about the sizing. I went by the measurements according to the sizing chart and it worked out in my favor. I received many compliments on the dress and one friend even said it looked like the dress was tailor made for me. When my daughter saw the dress, she asked, "What century is this dress from?" Even she had to admit that the dress looked great on me. I will buy more colors.


Very pretty! This is a  well made and comfortable dress. I am 5' and a little chunky. The XL fit me like a glove, and made me look thinner than I am! I washed it on cold/delicate cycle and hung it dry. I expected to have to iron it, but did not! I wore it all day and it was very comfy.  I ordered in the dark blue. It's a very pretty sapphire color. The fabric is thick and substantial.  I may go back to get the purple one!


The size chart for large said 14, I would say it fits like a large but is more of a 12 than a 14 (which is honestly what I was hoping for). The grey version at least is stretchy so it's very forgiving and a flattering cut at that (A-line). I am actually 6 months pregnant and wearing this dress for a 50s housewife costume and it's perfect for that.


Overall, impressed with the quality for the money and happy with the purchase.


I absolutely love this dress!!! I wear a size 12 and got the XL it fit perfectly! This dress is good quality not like all the super thin dresses you normally buy that are see through. This dress is amazing and I'll probably buy more from this vendor.


Omg!! I love it soo much!''''''''It's perfect and super cute! I really love the heart buttons! I can't wait to wear it! I fits amazing! Thanks soo much!


So beautiful, is not little I'm 128 pounds and was perfect.


Dress is well built and super cute.


Great dress. It is beautiful and high quality for the price. The x-small actually fits x-small women which is nice, but if you are thin AND tall, you are out of luck... this dress is short. I am 5'8, 115 lbs and unfortunately it was a good 1-1/2-2 inches from touching the ground so I had to return it. Other than that, I loved it. I tried it on with a black strapless bra and didn't have any issues with it being see through in the back either.


