I just received my Anni Coco Women's 1950s Cap Sleeve Rockabilly Swing Vintage Party Shirt Dress, and I truly love it.  I don't know


if they had it in another color or not, but I ordered the mustard yellow because it is really flattering with my olive skin complexion.  This is a 2 part dress, the actual dress and a belt, I changed mine to a brown leather belt and added matching shoes and it looks spectacular.  The dress is made out of oxford material which is really nice and sturdy but it does get wrinkled really fast. As far as care is concerned, hand wash, or use the washing machine at low temperature to avoid running the fabric.  I love the 1950's vintage design and the shape is really flattering.  The V neck has 3 buttons you can open or close depending on the look you are going for.  The sleeves are capped so they look totally cute.  The dress is not lined, but there is really no need for it since the material is thick enough.  It also has a zipper on the side, I didn't use it, just slid it right over my head. This is a great dress to wear at any occasion, including going to work, a cocktail party or just hanging out.  Depending on the accessories you use, you can dress it up or down.  I truly love this dress and got some great compliments on it when I wore it to the office.  I received this product at a discounted price for my honest opinion.


So, so beautiful. I don't own anything yellow but I decided to make a bold move and try this out because I thought it would make for a good pinup look. Also, figured that it would go well with my red hair and definitely not make me look like ketchup and mustard. I was not disappointed. It's gorgeous! The fabric is amazingly high quality for the price, and the stitching is quality too. People are saying it runs a little small, I didn't notice much of an issue. I'm 5'6" and about 155 on a good day and ordered a large knowing that it would be a little tight, but I've been losing weight so I expect to fit into it a little better soon. It's actually a little loose through the waist, and most of the tightness is in the chest. Still wearable, though it'll be a little more comfortable in five pounds. I have a concert next month that I'm really looking forward to and I was agonizing over what to wear, but this will be perfect. So excited. I'm taking off one star because the collar is a little stiff and high, and also because the fabric wrinkles very, very easily. Just keep it hung up and unbutton the top button and you're golden! Such a great deal.


I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review. My opinion has not been influenced by the seller or price in any way


I am in LOVE with this dress!  I wasn't sure what to expect as far as quality and size went as it seems most of the dresses and clothes I try to buy online all seem to be the wrong size, or sizes smaller than anticipated.  Not so with this dress.  The sizing was perfect.  The dress itself is so adorable and the cloth it is made from is just right.  IT's not too heavy and not too light.  Perfect year round wear with ths dress.  On a cold day, I would throw a cute cardigan over it and on a cool day, I would just wear it as it is.


I honestly think the pictures of it do not do it justice.  The ruffling on the front is so cute and the belt is detached so you can place it where you want.  The sleeves are super roomy so you don't have to worry about it cutting into your upper arm.  That was the part I probably worries about most.  The fit is super flattering as well.


I got this Anni Coco Women's 1950s Rockabilly Swing Vintage Dress at a discounted price in exchange for an unbiased review of the product.  I really did love the product and hope to find more like it!


Love, love, love this night dress! I haven't purchased on-line night dress before and was unsure of sizing. I decided to go with an S as I'm usually 6 or 8 in other stores. It fits like a glove! This night shirt is form fitting, but I don't suggest ordering a larger size as the material is nice and soft and it would not look good. It also has nice breast pad  and perfect length for someone who does not have heavy breast you can wear it with no bra and it is very elegant and comfortable.


It shows your body shape slim and thin and your breast is looking perfect. if you have big waist the way the cuts are its showing nice curve with sexy figure. the chart size is very well done it is exactly with your size and matching perfectly great. The material is very soft and the dress is very light weight and I love that.


You will enjoy this dress and it is great price for quality and very formal elegant looking . I highly recommended it , I got this product for discounted price and I am very happy to give my honest opinion and I think you should try it.


This dress is absolutely amazing for those looking for a cool retro 1950's vibe, or swing dress, rockabilly style.  I was lucky enough to receive the black and white polka dot and it is so adorable.  It is cap sleeve, which allows it to be cool enough for summer and the skirt is a little past the knee and modest and allows some swing and flair.  I added a petticoat underneath for even more style and am in love!  It is a cotton/spandex blend made with well made lightweight stretch fabric that allows for a slimming affect and like i said it is great for summer because of the breathable and lightweight material.  It is not see through underneath, so no lip is needed.  It has a zipper closure, a v-neck collared cap sleeve with unlined and side zipper closure, and like I said hits above the knee so allows a good leg line.  It comes in classic and iconic vintage solid colors but I preferred the polka dot and felt it really added to the 1950s vintage swing vibe.  It has buttons and a cute removable matching belt, but you could also use a different belt if you wanted to add a pop of color.  It seems very suitable for casual wear for those who are funky, for a fun date, appropriate for work, a wedding, party, dancing , clubwear, night time going out, cocktail parties, banquets and balls, or even prom!  Just make sure to check the size chart.  It does have special washing instructions and advises to either hand wash or use low temperature for washing and ironing and to line dry but that is the only drawback.  All in all, it is an awesome and fun, funky dress for all body types!  I received the dress at a discount in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.


I found this to be a gorgeous dress! However, when i received my dress the armpit area was ripped =( like the seam was ripped right out and a piece was hanging. I am disappointed, but I am returning and will be repurchasing as I have bought other dresses from Anni Coco and never had a issue in the past. I see this one as a fluke. Every once in a while there will be a bad one in the batch. Otherwise I truly love the dress. It is very pretty and very retro which is what I love! The materials seem to be a tad thin, but I view that as better for the summer so it won't be bulky and hot! Overall I would still recommend this dress to everyone. I also want to add, i would order a size up as china sizes seem to run a  tad small. But I honestly cannot fully account for size as mine was damaged...but i still feel it looked small compared to a US L.


Disclosure: I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest unbiased review.


If you only read one part of this review, it should be this - Use your measurements and the sizing chart provided to select a size! If you aren't able to do that, order one size bigger than you usually do. I normally take a small, but after checking the sizing chart before ordering, I stuck with what it said and got the medium. It fits perfectly! So don't be too surprised if you order your normal size and find it too small.


Aside from that, this is a gorgeous dress and looks so cute on. I love the lines and detail on the bodice. The fabric is soft and washes well. A light ironing wouldn't hurt, but most of the time it comes out with few or no wrinkles and I just throw it on and go. Depending on your comfort level, you may or may not need a slip for it. It doesn't seem to show your undergarments, but will show the outline of your legs if there's any light behind you. I know some people don't mind that - I prefer to wear it with a slip on the bottom. The top is fine as is - no problems with bra lines or colors showing through. The color on the screen was true to life.


I expected to only kind of like this dress, but have fallen completely in love with it. So comfortable, so cute, and my husband says it shows of all the right things. I'll be looking for similar dresses by this company to purchase.


I received this product free or at a discount in exchange for my honest review. All opinions are my own and did not affect the purchase price.


Beautiful dress. She likes it allot. Old timey look and feel to it. Very soft and comfortable. It comes with a sash/belt to tie around the middle. The large is a little snug for larger busted women. Besides that it fits well.


Relying on other's reviews I see written is important to me when making purchases; so being very honest with my own, is just as important.


It has become a hobby and makes my day if it helps others!


If you have any questions or comments please feel free to ask. If Amazon notifies me, I respond quickly.


I am a product tester & received this product free or discounted to give my honest opinion. I have zero loyalty the to company providing me items to test. I am thorough and brutally honest. Telling it like it is with how the product worked for me. I never receive payment or compensation of any kind.


Even though this fits a little smaller then anticipated (who really accurately gets sizing correctly every time they order online??) this dress is simply wonderful. I feel feminine, gorgeous, classic. I am totally in love with everything about this dress. From the color to the collar to the length. I love this dress. The material is soft, the collar is stiff, the bow can be made big or small. I especially love the cap sleeves, which just add a little bit of an extra detail that I totally appreciate. I also appreciate that the length is one of a conservative placement. I am 5'10" and it comes right to above my knees so I don't feel inappropriately risque and can wear this for a Sunday brunch or even to church if the need arose. For those of you who don't purchase online often, I would recommend you buying AT LEAST a size larger.


I received this product at a discounted rate for my honest and unbiased review.


This dress is really cute! I am giving it a 4 star because I am planning on returning it because the fabric is a little too see through for me and it was a bit too big/long. I really liked that the dress had working buttons instead of buttons that are just sewn on for looks. I am a 38DD and usually when shirts or dresses have fake buttons it bunches in the chest area. I was able to unbutton the top button to prevent that. The stitching is nice. No fraying or loose threads. It is a well made dress.


The only thing I didn't like was that the fabric, though it is not thin, you can see through it. I stood in front of my bathroom mirror and I have a huge bay window in my bathroom. Just from the natural sunlight from outside I could see straight through the bottom of the dress. I didn't want a dress that I would have to wear a slip under because I planned on wearing this at my engagement party in June when it will be 75 degrees out. I am also 5'5" and it hit my legs in the middle of my calves. It was a bit longer than I thought it was going to be. Like I said, it is very cute and worth the money because it is nicely made, but it just did not work with my body type and was too see through for me despite the nice fabric.


I received this product at a discounted price for reviewing purposes, but these opinions are my own.


