This dress was exactly as it appeared online and fit perfectly! I was so happy with it. I was honestly a little surprised at the quality given the price but it was very well made. I received so many compliments. I will definitely be ordering more in the future. This dress makes me wonder why we ever stopped dressing that way!


Absolutely gorgeous! Can't agree more that it's definitely see through in the back, but I think that I will try the transparent bra for this one. Hope the back was designed black as well. But is loving it! Perfect timing too!


The model in the picture looks TALL & thin... what I received in the mail is not what I expected. I didn't even try it on because I held it up to my body and it only came a few inches below my knees and I'm only 5'7". And the material is cheap, heavy... NOT for hot days.


A birthday gift for my sister. Fits true to size, she loved it. My brother in law irons like a champion so they are all set.


The dress is absolutely gorgeous.  Does not come with bow.


The clothing material is fantastic.  I'm a size 18 and purchased an xxl.  It was still a little too small..  But I guess that's motivation right?


Anyhow other than not having that cute bow.. I have no complaints.


Dress is super cute.  Love the heart buttons, and the knee length skirt. Also ordered in red I like it so much.


Love this dress! I got the red polka dot one, super cute and comfortable! I usually wear a 12-14 in dresses, so I got the XL based on reading other reviews. I didn't even realize it had a zipper at first (easily slipped it over my head). I'm thinking of buying a second one in another color and may try the L this time.


Looks really good!! Good quality and fitting ..5"4 height and 125 weight and small fit perfectly


My wife loved this dress. It made a great Christmas present to accent some pearl jewelry I purchased for her!


It's on the small side so I returned my medium and got an xtra large. I normally wear mediums (4-8) sizes.


