The material is very nice, sturdy, and not see-through. I'm 5'3" 120lbs, measurements 32/27/36 and ordered a small.


It was a little loose on my waist and I'm probably going to alter the length of the tea length skirt to hit my knee (that's just my preference).


Love the zipper on the side and the elastic on the back.


Love it! I have a hard time finding things that will fit my waist and chest. Went with the large (29 inch waist). it's perfect in the waist, a little tight in chest. Overall I'm super happy. It's a very popular dress, everyone has it but most spent 3 times as much at a certain "mod" site. Will buy from this company again. xo


I ordered this dress along with a petty coat one day before the event,  for my cousin for a special event for our niece on her big Sweet 16th celebration. My cousin is very petite (5 ft tall) and regardless it fit like a glove, I believe we ordered a XL. The fabric was wonderful not cheap and the length was a little long but it did not matter once you ware a petty coat underneath it fluffs up and it just looks darling. Would order this line of clothing again (I have) and highly recommend this brand of dress to anyone!! Love it!!


Beautiful elegant dress I'm 5'4" 125lbs and ordered a size small, this dress needs to be worn with high heels. Definitely csn be worn for evening out on the town, dinner cruise, or beach side or dressed up brunch. I plan to wear this to a ballet performance.


I love the fit and style, comfortable, and inexpensive. I am very curvy and it hung well on my hips and bust. It is thin cheap material but great for the price. If you have a larger chest make sure to order it large enough as it buttons up pretty high on the neckling and the buttons will gape if it is too tight. I ordered a size up and it fit great. I wore with a lightly peticoted slip for volume also


The dress was beautiful seriously!  I knew it was a mid knee length but being 5'2" it was overwhelming for me on the verge of being  formal looking on me,I needed more summer casual, I could have hemmed it up a few inches....but I'm lazy. Other than my personal issue it was well made great dress. It runs a bit large but comfortably large like I would have looked pretty and been comfortable before and after eating at the buffet.


Taking my measurement the chart said xxl. I decided to order an xl. I'm glad I did. This fit well. The fabric is slightly stretchy and flows easily while walking. I found that after washing it does need to be ironed. Out of the package the buttons were loose and one was falling off. I simply sewed them on better. Over all I'm happy with the dress.


The dress was too big on me but I expected that. I usually wear xs. I'm 5'0" and 98 lbs just to give you prospective on wether or not the dress will fit you. I did get the dress altered about an inch on each side and darts on the back. I love the material! It is thick and beautiful. Even if you have to alter this dress it is worth every penny.


The fabric is well structured and fits my body perfectly. The material is nice and not cheap, the accompanying belt is separate from the dress so you could wear it or not. You could easily use a different style belt too. Dress is very good quality, I am very happy about this dress and planning to wear on this weekend with my loved. And I will getting another dress at different color for my sister.


Typical issues for busty women. The bottom buttons part, nothing a little sewing can’t fix. I got a large and it offers no extra room, but I’m in the process of losing weight.  I just got this today. For reference, I’m 5’11”, 165lbs, and 36DD. It’s a little thin so you will need a slip, and will need to be ironed with each washing. My daughter said I looked like Snow White so I also paired it with a red belt!


