I bought this in an XL but had to get a XXL  - Normally a 12 or 14 but have big boobs. The smaller one fit everywhere but my boobs, so I had to go up a size. LOVE this dress and already looking to buy more.


My Wife loves all these dresses an probably has all the colors now. These fit great and are super cute.


Pretty dress but just a tip: be very careful with the cheap zipper. I zipped it up once and it seperated. Which forced me to sew it up. I wouldn't even bother using the zipper anyways because it really doesn't help when putting the dress on.


I love this dress so much I bought it in 3 different colors. And while I can physically get it on, it is way smaller than the sizing chart indicates. There is NO way I could do up even one button. But I put a camisole underneath and it's cute as a button. I strongly suggest getting a size larger than the size chart indicates.


Very nice dress. It is kind of tight for a size 16.  I have not worn it out yet.


I absolutely love this dress! I bought it for St. Patrick's Day & received more compliments than I can count.


I got so many compliments on this dress!  It is very flattering, even on those of us who are sporting a little bit of a muffin top.  I wore this with a little black half-jacket and everyone loved it.  I even caught a couple of the guys checking me out.  Made feel like a young kid again.


I ordered the XXL and felt it was a lot looser than I wanted so I gave the XL a try, and it fit fantastic. For reference, I am 5'2, 190 lbs, 38C bust, 37 waist, and 47in hips. If you are busty, you may want to size up on this. I purchased dress in 5 colors. It fit very well.


WAYYYY TOO BIG.... Not a small. I'm a 34DDD and it didn't even sort of fit. It is very big. I will have to get it altered and even shortened a few inches bc is long as well. I'm 5'5, 34DDD/25/38. The small fit like a large or even an xl.


-Chanel


I bought this dress to attend a wedding, and am 100% pleased with the purchase. It fits well, and looks great. It's made of a very sturdy material, and is well worth the price I paid.


