The dress is absolutely beautiful !  Would recommend it 3 to over. For the Money and the way the dress is made is a total buy for the price.  I was extremely impressed with the quality. Would recommend this dress to anyone.  - small or large person the dress is right for both


I purchased 2 for my bridemaids.  The dress is pretty and a reasonable pice.  I will have to have it pressed and starched  to give it a little more flare also the color is a  ligher purple than expected, I expected a dark purple, but I will coordinate the color into my wedding theme.  Over all a great style for a summer wedding.


Love this dress! The contrasting color definitely help contour your body. I also wore this while I was pregnant & it showed off my body & belly very nicely. I walked around with so much confidence wearing this!


Skirt that flows, material is good quality and not too thin. I'm 5'4", 130lbs. Medium fit well. Rec'd many compliments at wedding I went to.


The dress is very nicely made and the material is really comfortable. Unfortunately my waist is very small and this was simply too loose around the waist. Nothing wrong with the dress just didn't fit me the way I wanted.


Pros: Shipping was fast. The belt isn't attached so it makes for versatility in style, Side zipper is of good quality. Stitching is good. Details are perfect! Mine was too small, so the buttons on the front made more boob room (of course I wore a cami underneath).


Cons: Runs extremely small. Material is itchy. Tag is itchy. Probably won't wear this one much, although I love the style. It's just uncomfortable.


The material is good.  It would be nice to have in true American sizes.  Many of the fashions made in Asia are of good quality, just too small for the American curvy woman.


So beautiful, I knew to get a size bigger, so it fit perfectly, got a lot of compliments on this dress, it's made well and I didn't have to wear a bra


This dress is great quality, fits great, and looks fantastic! My wife loves wearing it, and I love seeing her in it.


Such a perfect dress! It's not only gorgeous, but is comfortable and easy to move around in. I can sit with little ones on the floor playing or leading circle time without revealing my undergarments. Perfect for mothers and teachers. The buttons even give easy access for nursing. That said, ironing is needed (I wash and then immediately iron when garment is still damp.)


