Being apprehensive about the varied reviews on the fit, I decided to order the large even though my actual size of wear is a medium. The large fits very comfortable without being too big just needed a tad bit taking in at the bust area. Now I wish that I had ordered the medium and I'm guessing that it would have been a perfect fit. All in all I love this dress, hangs nicely even without a petticoat. I am definitely going to order from this maker again, but purchase a medium size. I steamed the wrinkles out the dress, which was very quick and easy to do. The dress was packaged very well.


It's ridiculous how cute this dress is.


I'm extra busty on a super short (4'11") not so fit frame, but I love how this dress fits. Nice fabric, the pic shows how it came out of the package. Now to find the perfect red or teal Mary Jane pumps!


I love this dress. It is made well and fits perfect. Most clothing runs a size small but this is perfect. There were several ladies saying the buttons pulled in the front. I'm, a C and didn't have that problem. It is very comfortable for swing dancing and I also used it for my Bauxbaton costume when I went to Universal Studios this weekend.


First, I'm a 16-18 and I ordered the XXL, and it fits like a glove. The arms are not too tight, the dress looks great, and the belt goes around my waist with room to spare. To be honest, I received a discount on this in exchange for an unbiased review, so I wasn't expecting much, especially as some Asian companies' sizing can be off for bigger girls. This is PERFECT, however. It has a cute swing (it will be better with a crinoline) and it's a light weight fabric that is perfect for the summer. Absolutely love it!


This dress fits perfectly and has the cutest little heart buttons (which I didn't realize looking at the picture as I ordered on my phone).  I am 38B/32/42 and got size large (normally wear a 10 or 12 in dresses).  The dress definitely needs a belt but I'm not sure if I will use the one that it came with or another I already have, as the ends of the belt are kind of long and because of the stitching, cannot be shortened without significant work. Very impressed with the quality of the fabric and workmanship.  I will definitely consider ordering this dress in another color or even a different dress from this manufacturer.


(Opinions are entirely my own; I purchased this item and was not compensated in any way for my review.)


This dress was either going to be killer or just plain awful. I wasn't sure which, but I just knew it would be at one end of the spectrum or the other. Thankfully, this dress is totally amazing! Seriously it's so cute. It looks effortlessly adorable and I'm a little obsessed with the cut. The material is thick and it just feels well made all around. I', 5'2.5" and about 130. I usually wear a small in women's or a Medium in juniors, I went with the Medium in this dress based on the other reviews. I really think a Small would have been fine, this fits me a little looser than I think it's meant to. It's really cute either way. I got lots of compliments on it at work!


I received this dress at a discount in exchange for my honest review. If you read my reviews, you can see that I do not automatically give any product 5 stars or a rave review because of the discount.


Just arrived today, so I am not sure on how made to last it is. I ordered this is yellow, size medium. I'm roughly 4'11", about 152 lbs at the moment, and I wear a 36D. The dress fits great EXCEPT there's a bit of a gap between a couple of buttons at the widest part of my chest. It's nothing I can't fix, but it is annoying. If I were any bustier, I don't think I'd be able to wear it, because going up a size would make the dress way too big everywhere else. So it fits as expected, but I don't recommend it if you have a large chest. It will require a little hemming, but I figured as much since I'm so short. The color is very true to the photos, and looks great! It has no loops for the bow/belt which is nice is you want to wear it without. The side zipper isn't super easy to pull up without help, but it's not too bad. Overall, I don't expect it to be one of my absolute favorite dresses, but I will likely wear it around a lot. I think a petticoat will make it look much better.


Very cute dress! After I got the Navy blue one home I also ordered the yellow one. The fabric is somewhat stretchy so it is super comfortable. The heart buttons and ruffle detail are so cute. I am 5'6" and it hits me right at the knees, it is so hard to find dresses that are knee length that I get excited when I find one (part of the reason I ordered 2) The only problem I can see is that the tie on the yellow one is just slightly a different color than the dress. But I decided I wanted to wear a jacket with that one anyway and I won't be wearing the tie so it wasn't a problem for me. It is also a little hard to get off, it won't slip down so you have to pull it over your head. I am always worried I am going to get deodorant stains when I have to take things off this way(especially on the navy blue one).


This dress is fantastic. Nice thick structured material with a reliable tailored for. I am 5'6" 200lbs and a 34FF, I got a XXL to accommodate for my bosom and it worked perfectly. The waist is a bit big, and were it not for my large bust size I could have definitely gone down a size. If you are about my height and weight with a more modest bust you would probably want a size smaller than I ordered.


Material needs ironing, and probably some starch in the collar.


I received this product at a discount for my honest review.


I love this dress! I got a small and I am about 110 pounds and 5' 4". It is a little long, but I'd rather it be too long than too short. The white stripes are a bit see through but not horrible. It's a great buy and super comfortable!


