Love, love, love!  Great quality for the price.  The fabric is slightly stretchy, which I did not expect.  I am a 14/16 and the L fits well.  I could wear a size smaller if I wanted a tighter fit for this dress.  I would definitely order from this company again.


I absolutely love this dress! The fabric is strong and comfortable, very soft. I have gotten a ton of compliments. I love it so much I bought another one in red! It fit as I expected and laid nicely. I chose to but a petticoat, but you wouldn't need to unless you wanted to added fullness. Completely lovely!


Love it!  Fits true to size and is very flattering.  The material is light but not see through.  I bought my daughter the Red and White Polka dot one and it fit like a glove as well.  She loves it.  We can't wait to wear them to an evening wedding in August!


It was beautiful and comfortable.  Love the material and the give it gave me. I wore it to a wedding and receive many compliments


Great quality and fit is perfect. Absolutely love it!


The fabric is stiff and plasticy. It looks so adorable in the picture and just bland and flat on me. The color doesn't seem as vibrant. After reading a lot of recs and the sizing chart I figured I would be a large, but it was a little too big on me. The fabric and cut just doesn't seem exchanging for a medium to be worth it though.


Nice thick material, but when ordering take into consideration the back is elastic, I'm a size 10 and ordered a large....Mistake...Should of ordered a Medium....


I say fit as expected because I followed the advice of other reviews and I went with a Medium. 5'7" 155lbs  absolutely adorable and I'm getting another design from this seller. So cute!!


Very sweet! Nice material, lays nicely.  Heart shaped buttons.


Awesome dress, fit perfectly and I got lots of compliments. Highly recommend, the tulle underneath is also a must have. The dress looks great without the tulle too though. I will definitely be buying in different colors as well as more clothing from the seller.


