Very nice. Love the fabric, it isn't polyester garbage. The halter allows it to be fit on different size women. The back with the elastic doesn't fit as flatly and smoothly as I would like but it will work.


I love the style of this dress and the fit is nearly perfect. Im 5 ft, 108 lbs, ordered a size small. The color is as shown in the picture. My only dislike is that the collar kind of stood up and poked me in the face.


I tried on the right size. Zipper up back. WOW if only my neck was 4" it would fit. TOO small aroung neck, so much so it is chocking. BUY BIG if you want to wear it!!!!! Sending back. YUCK!!!!!!


This dress is SUPER fun and flirty.  The A-line is also great for those of us with "a little extra".  The bust was a little small/bunchy; but, apart from that, the dress fits really well.  I will definitely be looking for similar dresses to add to the collection.


The color is right. And delivery of this dress was on point!


However I ordered a medium because I am pretty busty for being short. The dress is too long and a bit to big. I had to throw a corset under it to make my breast fit just right. I also bought a petticoat to make the dress flare like the photo. And it still doesn't fit right. I am hoping a bit of ironing will work but I'm not happy.


Definitely stretchy.  The button hole on one is a bit big, though and so when it pulls across the chest, it makes the button pull out some.  I got this in a size Medium. There are a few areas where the thread is loose or fraying and needs to be cut off or resewn a little, but overall, the dress was a good value for the price I paid on sale, and is super cute.  I got a lot of compliments on it.


I LOVED the LOOK of the dress, and the style, but there were not nearly enough buttons to open it up to pull over my head, so I had to send it back. I HATED to do it but even a bigger size would not have gone over my shoulders.


I got so many compliments on this dress! It fit perfect, it looked amazing.  I put a petticoat underneath it because I was going to be dancing and thought it would be fun to have the extra poof but it works with or without it.


I was alittle unsure about the dress when I bought it because of the low price. However, the dress is amazing and fits perfectly. The fabric is sturdy and no petticoat is really needed to keep it looking full.


I love this dress :) I'm going to a wedding this weekend and with reading the reviews I decided to go with a large even though normally I'm an xl in dresses. I'm a size 12/14 38 DDD bra , 34 inch waist and 42 inch hips. The large fit my curves perfectly! The red color is sooooooo pretty and I told my husband I'm buying 3 more of these dresses. Just so pretty and very retro! Very happy!


