This dress is awesome for a Marilyn Monroe costume! It is inexpensive and good quality, the material is pretty thick but also stretchy! I ordered a medium and am typically size 8, but the medium was large in the bust (I am 36 D so it is rare to have something large in the bust). I'd order a small next time.


Material is great,  and everyone loved the dress!


Four stars for quality construction at its price point. I love the fabric's stretch. Four stars because overall it fit really well in the bodice.  However , I am 5'2" and it's too long and skirts that hit at the calf make me look even shorter, yes even in heels. The belt is loosey goosey and slip-slides around too. I would have had to hem it about two inches and take in the cap sleeves a bit because they look like bird wings.


But golly it's an adorable dress and if you can pull it off like the lovely ladies in the photos, go for it. I am sad I have to return it. I just looked silly in it.


I am a 16/18, 40 or 42 DD and about 5'8ish. The dress in an xxl fit perfectly. I would say if you're a 14 go with the xl. The fabric is stretchy but keeps its shape. I was very worried about this dress due to other reviews but I love this dress. It doesn't touch the floor but it definitely covers my feet (which means I can use it with flat or high heel sandals. This dress is truly the perfect size.


I ordered the Navy Blue in a L and the Grey in XL.  At first I had a difficult time telling the difference in fit, but after trying them both on twice I noticed that the navy blue is a little bit stretchy and a little bit thicker. Because of this it didn't feel tight across the back of the shoulders or the bust even though both fit snug.  I decided in the end to keep the grey because I was wearing a sports bra when I tried them on and I feel pretty sure that in a regular bra the navy blue would gap. The shape of this dress is perfect for hiding a bit of tummy.  For fit reference I am a 38DD and wear a 12-14.  I am 5'4" and it hit the middle of the knee cap.


Great dress. Didn't come with the belt like it was supposed to. But I ordered a small, and my measurements are 35/26/35.5 and it fits well, a little loose in the waist, which would have been solved by the belt..


Nicer than expected. I’m 5 feet, 2 inches, 148 lbs, large C small D cup, so ordered an xxl, and it fit a little loose. The material is great, has enough spandex to be comfy. Button are functional down the front so I’m even able to nurse my baby in it! Belt is extra long, no belt loops on dress so it ties on. I’m going to use a wider belt of my own. Bottom half looks great without a petty coat but will be even better with one. It came wrinkled and needs ironing before wear but I’m super pleased with the quality, esp for the price!


I absolutely love this dress although like others have mentioned for me it is a bit tight in the chest area. I did order a size up and fits well everywhere else.


I was honestly impressed with the quality of materials used to make this dress. It is made of a nice fabric. A twill like a thick men's dress shirt. It does come folded up and needs to be de-wrinkled with an iron if you really want that classic fifties look.


There are no loops for the belt which is nice if you don't want to have the belt on or want to wear another belt.


I got the dress in the blue color and it was a lot lighter than the ad picture. It is more of like a chambray blue or a sky blue. I included a picture to show the color.


I did receive this item at a discount in exchange for this honest review.


I bought this for my Minnie Mouse costume in 2016 and loved it from the moment I tried it on. I was not sure of my dress size, but this fit my body just right. It was a little bit longer than I expected but, it actually made me love it more. It's very comfortable, lightweight, and adorable. All the kids who saw me thought I was actually Minnie Mouse in this dress with the other accessories that I bought a long with it and everyone else complimented me on how cute I looked in it. I love it so much that I plan on wearing it at other times of the year. You can also dress it up with a jacket and some cute boots or you can just wear it by itself with any kind of shoes. This is something that I would recommend to anyone.


Love this dress. Had to iron it when I received it. Perfect for my friends wedding. Tons of complements. I ordered a small I'm 5'2 120/130lb 34B. Cute little heart buttons. Love the grey color. The sleeves pouch out but I kept pushing them down, which was fine.


