Very cute! It fits perfectly once you have it on but somehow I had problems getting it on and off as if it was too tight. The dress is made out of a great, comfortable material! This dress definitely looks more expensive than it was! Can’t wait to wear it!


I followed the size chart and it was too big, unfortunately. The material has some stretch and if it was the right size I probably would have liked it. It is very long though and I would have to hem it if I kept it. I'm 5'6" and it came down to about my mid calf. It is not lined.


my dress came on the date it said and it fits like it was tailor made for me super comfortable super cute and I like the length of the dress it comes just passed my knees and I'm 5/7 and I'm usually a small but I got a medium and it fits perfect only one thing is if you want it super fluffy u will need a pettie coat so to summarize this review I love it


It took me almost a month to decide to take the plunge and buy this dress.  So glad I did, fit's perfectly. Very slimming and even arrived earlier than promised. Love it Love it love it .  For those interested, I am 5'3, 168 lbs. bust is 40". waist 36" hips 44".  bought a XL and was right, no altering needed.


I'm 5'6" 170lbs with a 31 1/2" waist and a 34G bust. The large size fit me perfectly. There was a gap in the bust area, but not too bad and to be honest I'm used to it with button downs. I have chunky arms and there was plenty of room and didn't constrict them. I thought for sure I would have to send this back, but was so pleasantly surprised! The fabric is thicker than I thought it would be and the dress seems to be well constructed.


This dress is soooo cute...seriously. And I ordered the light blue which is gorgeous in person. unfortunately, I have to return this dress because it runs small...especially in the bust area. I would advise sizing up if you are a busty girl.


This dress fits amazingly me and my mother both bought a dress in yellow and royal blue and we are in love! The size chart was true to its sizing as long as you measure your body correctly. We are both 5' 10' but I am a 44" bust 39" waist and my mother is a 37" bust and a 32" waist and both of our dresses fit like a glove! The dress material is thick yet still flowy and you don't have to wear a slip, it barely even shows your bra imprint on your back considering how snug its meant to be. As said before the fit is snug yet very comfortable that way you can look stunning and still have a casual feel. The dresses hems, seams, zippers, and waist belts where all sewn beautifully! definitely worth the purchase and I will buy again from this company!


This is a really nice dress. It seems a little thin, but isn't see through and is great for spring.summer.  I wanted something that could be a little of a "go to" dress for when i don't know what to wear. The dress seems well made, no loose threads or out of place buttons. The belt is removable which I like.  I am 5'4" and 105 lbs, 30 inch chest.  I bought a size small and it falls just below the knee for me.  The chest is a little roomier than I wish, but I was expecting that based on the measurements.


This dress is super cute! I got compliments the entire day I wore it. It does run small, so I ordered an X-Large when I'm typically M. It fit perfectly. I'm 5'3, and the skirt came to just above my knees. You will need to iron it or steam it before wearing. The fabric is thick but sturdy. There was some discoloration because of sweat, but after washing it, it was fine.


This dress was purchased as a costume for a play for my daughter. My daughter is heavy set and the dress fit tight but worked for its purpose. We ordered according to the size chart listed on the order page.


It's a cute dress and seems to be constructed well. I would say it is worth the price we paid. We are happy with this dress and the speed at which it was delivered.


