Just what I wanted. Super comfortable fits like a glove. I'm 5'6 and 160 I got a size Medium. I wanted it for the 60th anniversary of Disneyland because it as vintage looking and Minnie inspired. I got so many compliments and I wore it all day comfortably. The price is amazing it came quickly and the quality is excellent. 5 stars


Very cute dress the zipper completely blew out when I was putting it on - and NO - I was not squeezing into it! It fit fine...just a very cheap zipper.  Unfortunately I bought this dress specifically for a 50's -themed party I was attending, and the dress was rendered garbage after the zipper breaking.


Dress was nice- easily washable which is great for me. Fit was perfect- it did shrink just a little after the first wash but I always expect that so I did size up a little. The neckline is a little high for me, not as low as I usually prefer but makes a nice conservative look. I prefer it with a petticoat underneath to give it some flair, otherwise it falls a bit to flat looking... but you could get away with that too.. I just prefer the poofy look. Great dress all around for the price.


I bought this dress for a last minute special event. After looking at the reviews I bought a size up but there was really no need, I could have done a medium just fine. This dress is very stretchy, it is unlined, and the nude panel on the back can show what you don't want seen if stretched far enough. However, I just wore a nude shape wear slip and it solved all of these issues. I am 5'7" and I was able to wear this dress with regular heels without hemming. This is my new favorite dress and my husband loved it on me, very sexy!


Perfect! Looks exactly like the picture, dress has a nice amount of stretch to it and the material is solid quality! I was a little apprehensive because the price was pretty cheap but I am super in love and can’t wait to wear this out! I feel like a proper 1950’s housewife in this bad boy and it compliments my Mary Jane heels beautifully!


This is super! I put it on to visit my doctor, and at the office I received 3 compliments. I got 2 more at the market. So, I ordered one in blue today! This is very comfortable, and very well made. It fits beautifully. I'd forgotten how dresses used to fit.


 I just love the "period" dresses that are available now. I had stopped buying dresses at all, about 10 years back. Already I've purchased 7 of these dresses in the last 8 months.


I like Anni Cocci dresses.  They're made with heavy fabrics but are lightweight, and they appear well made (and they're cute!).  And the price is good!  This was my fourth try at finding one of their dresses in the right size, and I finally did.  I'm normally a size 6 in American sizes, and the medium of this fits me very well (I've leaned that I need a small in some of their halter dresses, but a medium in their sleeves dresses).  I will continue to buy their dresses.


This was so cute and comfortable.  The fabric was thicker and sturdier than most dresses which have vintage style but usually not the vintage quality. This was well fitted and flattering, and held its shape as seen in the photo, without needing a petticoat as I thought it might. Received lots of compliments. Considering more in other colours.


I usually wear large or  XL in this type of rockabilly dresses, and after reading the comments, I decided to buy an XX Large. It's still very tight around my chest, and the sleeves. The color is slightly more orange than it looks in the picture. And even though I ordered a white petticoat to wear under it, after trying one of the petticoats at home, I think it's best to wear it without one. Still, it's a pretty dress, I just wish the measurements were more in line with the size.


Absolutely beautiful halter dress. Very 50ish but sexy at same time without revealing anything. I am probably going to add lots of bling & very dressy heels I found on Lightinthebox app (awesome store) & use this as my wedding dress. Will look so authentic with seemed stockings & small "birdcage tiny hat w/flowers little veil over one side of my eye. Want a polka dot one now! Very comfortable, fast delivery, true to size.


