I ordered a M. I'm 5'6 135 lbs and it's possible I could have gone a small, but I didn't want to risk it. Love how thick the fabric is, makes it seem well made. Love it!


I actually LOVE the dress the only issue I had was it is not STARK white. It is more pearl in color not as dark as egg shell if that makes any sense. I still wore it to an all white event with no issues but wanted to make the point about the color.  I am totally keeping the dress to use again because it fits great, comfortable was also a little longer than I thought but that is very rarely an issue with me. But my petticoat was not as long as the dress. all in all a great buy I may buy in a different color if an occassion arises.


Omg I love this dress. Going to order another for sure. One picture with petticoat one without.


Beautiful dress, ordered the mustard yellow in a size large and it fit perfectly. For reference my bust size 36C and I have fairly wider shoulders so I'm between a large and medium in dresses so opted for the bigger size. The dress is made of 95% cotton and 5% spandex and does stretch so it does not have that stiff polyester feel, making it very comfortable to wear. Though I do warn that it does wrinkle if you sit for a period of time. I wore this to Disney's Dapper day which fit the occasion perfectly.


I bought this dress in a medium, just to be on the safe side and was so excited when it came in the mail! I ran to my room to try it on, slipped it up over my knees, then onto the thighs, but once I got to my hips and buns, that's when things started to get a bit... constricting. I eased it on up anyway, because usually these things work out.  I shimmied and squirmed one arm in and realized that's as far as things were going to go. Got a nice little giggle and a preview of things to come after I get it in the right size, which is apparently a large after all.  Otherwise it's a very pretty dress, the fabric seems like it would be nice for a hot day, and it seemed to be put together well enough, though I am quite certain if I had gone for the gold and stuffed in my other arm, I'd have she-hulked right outta the thing!


I'm on the fence. I ordered an XXL based upon the sizing chart. It would've fit much better had I purchased an XL or even a L. I like the dress, I do, but...I don't like the fact that there are no belt loops to hold the fabric belt in place. I typically wear it with a black belt that has a buckle, just because it stays in place a little better. I like this dress, but...I wouldn't order it again in any other color. Since I'm in the process of losing weight, I will likely end up giving it away since it will probably be even bigger than it is now.


Very difficult to get on and off. The top doesn't stretch at all, and there is no zipper down the back to help you get into the dress. I felt like I was almost ripping it to just get my arms through. Fabric is cheap and feels like a tablecloth. Needs a tulle underskirt to get the poofy look.


Loved this dress! I used the sizing provided on the seller's page, and it fit me as I expected. The dress was exactly as I expected. I made a last minute order for a hat I had made for Oaks Day, a Kentucky native tradition. Fortunately, the material on the dress appeared nice, and the dress was well put together. The material was comfortable, and made for a nice day in the sun. With a crinoline underneath, it made the Rockabilly skirt have a nice poof. I received many compliments on my outfit, and I am super excited to order from this site again.


This is a total pin-up girl dress that is super cute and just sexy enough. I'm only 5' tall so it is way too long for my taste. I can't wait to have it hemmed and add a petticoat so I can wear it. I'm a 32DD and ordered a small. It fits great minus the length. The fabric is just stretchy enough so if you're a little bigger or smaller on the chest it should work fine.


This fit as expected. I ordered a small and it fit great. I’m 5’5” and weigh 130 pounds and am small chested. I decided to wash it when I got it, and that was a mistake. It has an insane amount of wrinkles in it now that I can’t get out and it definitely attracted all sorts of lint, which is why I didn’t give it a full 5 stars. My suggestion is wear it before you wash it.


