Cute love it fits a little snug in the breast I'm 38 DD, 40 bust 35 waist . The shoulder were snug too but I think that from my boobs steal the slack. I got an xl If your bigger I'd say go up a size like said it snug but I like it that way. Fabric feel denim like. The belt come separate so if your like me and not good at making bows it look flappy. But over all a nice dress


I got this dress at a reduced price for my honest unbiased opinion. Lol was going buy it anyways just found a sale for review lucky me lol


update after a nice wash the buttons popped open often so next time i think i'll go a size up i love it easy to clean. normal wash cold and dryer. other dresses i've gotten not been that easy I will be buying this in different color after i get paid. so i will buy it again at full price


I am 5' 4" 180lbs and ordered XXL. Super cute and fits like a glove. Came right on time. You will need a petticoat for full effect of the skirt. My only complaints are that the back is weird where it stretches and looks bunchy, but I bought this for a costume and will be wearing a leather jacket over it anyway. Also, the straps that tie behind your neck are a little thick, so I will have to find a way to make it sit comfortably behind my neck. And it's longer than I thought it would be. Otherwise perfect and I will definitely be buying more in different colors.


First let me say that I ordered the black dress with the white stripes at the bottom, since you can't tell on most reviews which dress was ordered. Second, if you choose to order it, order a size larger than you normally would. I'm typically a size 10 dress or medium, but ordered the large and it fits perfectly - I wouldn't have known to do that without reading other reviews though since it's not clear by the description so I knocked a star off for that. The dress is not too tight, but I will still probably wear spanx with it for stomach control issues, although I think it's a very flattering cut for my figure. The dress is well made from a thicker fabric which doesn't feel cheap at all and even with 38DDs, I think I could easily go braless while wearing it if I wanted. The length of the dress was perfect for me - I'm 5'9 and it just reaches the tops of my feet. This was partially why I went with a larger size so that I could have the length, since some reviews stated the dress came very short. If you are shorter, it will be a long dress on you, but would look great with heels. Personally, I think the dress looks pretty elegant and plan to wear it to a wedding. It definitely looks like it should be much more expensive than it is. I haven't washed it yet, but if anything catastrophic happens when I do, I'll update my review.


I had been eyeing this dress for awhile and really love the price for it; however, I received it at a discount in exchange for my honest review. I only purchase items that I intended to buy and use regularly and post unbiased reviews.


I was pretty skeptical about ordering a dress like this online, worries that it would be some cheap material that looked like, well crap. Once it arrived I was pretty nervous about opening it. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the dress. I ordered the medium and I'm 5'4 at about 145lbs. The material of the dress is sturdy without being stiff. it has a bit of stretch and is really comfortable to wear. The dress was ordered for my vintage Ladybug cosplay and I am so thrilled with how beautiful the dress is, it lays pretty flat but I just threw on a petticoat I had to give it some fullness.. A friend and I went out to shoot some photos of me in costume and I got so many compliments! I will DEFINITELY be ordering more in different colors!


This product was provided to me at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review. This in no way impacts my opinion.


I'm trying to pick up some summer dresses; it's too warm where I am to wear jeans year-round, and I don't like shorts. This one looked cute, so I decided to try it. I got it with Prime, so shipping was quick, although the dress arrived horribly wrinkled and with an odd smell that reminded me of my grandmother's attic. Nothing that washing won't resolve. There is a small stain on the collar, which will hopefully also be solved with a wash, although it's pretty unnoticeable anyway.


The dress itself is as it appears in the picture, although I got the sky blue and it was more grey than I expected. Probably a monitor difference. I normally wear a small or medium, but I ordered a large. It fits fairly well overall; it's a bit loose in the chest, so be aware if you're flat chested you may need some substantial padding. The fabric is a plain flat weave with a bit of stretch, and there were some loose threads but not an excessive amount. I have not yet had a chance to check on its durability. I'm 5'10 and it comes to mid knee. The waistband is a touch higher than I expected, but that's the style, so not faulting it. Docking a star for the stained collar and slightly cheap feeling fabric.


I am glad I read the reviews before washing this dress (halter black white striped full length dress). There is no care label attached. I like this dress and would not want the black to bleed into the white. Dry cleaning it will be.


  I am 5'7" and have a small frame. This dress touches the top of my feet (I stuck a foot out for the picture). I have read that other buyers have received the same dress but it is not as long. It is a shame that not all of the dresses are the same. If anything happens to this one, I fear what I will get in a replacement buy.


Cons: Yes, if you're busty, you're gonna get a little gap-age going on where it buttons up. I usually fix this issue with a small safety pin.


Pros: everything else. Well made. No loose threads, sturdy fabric (a bit of stretch), hits my waist at juuuust the right spot, cute heart buttons, side zipper... and the colors are fantastic. I'm tempted to get the yellow and gray now. I'm 5'2" for reference, ~165 lb with DD bust and ordered a large. Like I said, marginal gap issue with the buttons, but bigger bust women know that's just a fact of life for us. Haha. Easy to fix since there's a side zipper!


I love this dress but it's way too short. I'm 5'8", 125 lbs, ordered a medium and it barely covers my thighs. If I had ordered a large it would've been too big and I don't know if it would be much longer. If you're over 5'3" I wouldn't recommend it for everyday wear.


I love my new dress! Worth every penny! (And SO affordable.) Quality fabric, not thin, but cool enough for summer. I ordered the "stretchy grey" so I don't know if that's different from the other colors' fabrics.


I am 5'7" and about 194 lbs and losing. I ordered the XXL and it fits great. I'm kind of in-between sizes right now, so I would compare it to a low 16 or an upper size 14.


I will say though that I am pretty flat-chested. After 5 kids, I am around a C. If you are chesty at all, size up! If you are really large, this is prob not the dress for you. For someone who carries their weight in the hips and thighs this dress is very flattering. It hits about mid-knee or just below.


One last thing... I HIGHLY RECOMMEND wearing a petticoat underneath. I purchased the black  Vintage Women's 50s Rockabilly skirt (size large) on Amazon, at the same time I bought the dress. It changes the entire look of the dress. I wore them for the first time today and got TONS of compliments.


Perfect! I'm 5'3'', 140lbs and the medium fit perfect! Modest neckline and hit right below my knee. Arrived on time and after a light ironing I was good to go.


The great thing about this mustard is it can be worn in the fall with leopard or spring with bright blue. Lots of compliments.


No care tag but after washing and drying there was a slight shrinkage but still fit. The zipper bowed out a bit but the tie fixed it.


Will order another is a different color


