I absolutely adore this dress! The material is very good quality, and thicker than I thought it would be. I read the reviews very extensively before picking a size, due to everyone reporting the dress size running small.  I am 5'8, 180 lbs, and my chest is a 38C... I ordered an XL and it fits perfectly. Please ignore the wrinkles I. The pictures, I couldn't wait to put it on.  I also purchased a petticoat to wear underneath, however it is cute with or without it. I am highly satisfied with this purchase, but I would recommend you read through the reviews to find the correct size.  I normally wear a Large, so I did go 1 size up.


I wasn't too sure if I should purchase this dress but I'm glad I made the desicion.  It fits perfect as described and not even close to being cheap material.  I want to buy another color now!!


Love the dress and received a ton of compliments on the dress. My only problem is that the zipper broke the second time I wore it and the zipper irritates me for some reason. I


I've never purchased a dress like this before. As soon as I opened the package I knew I would love it!!!! Fit perfect!!!! Many compliments when I wore this dress! Will be ordering more in other colors.


I love this dress. It came in 2 days like it said it would. I followed the size chart and ordered a XXL. I measured my bust to get the right size because I find that dresses are sometimes tight on my bust since I'm a D size. I can't wait to wear this when I get married. I went with this dress because its simple and perfect for a court house wedding. Ladies follow the size chart! I'm very happy! Thank you!


I love this dress! I wore it to a Kentucky-Derby party recently, and got a ton of compliments! I'm about 5'6, 155 pounds, 38C and a Large fit *perfectly*! I will definitely be ordering from Anni Coco again. :)


Beautiful, stylish dress, pretty comfortable even when worn with petticoat. Would give 5 stars if white trim on belt/sash wasn't frayed when taken out of package (seems to be an easy fix though).


A little longer than expected,but very beautiful. Very classy. My girlfriend loves it. I'M A GOOD SHOPPER. ADDING WORDS BECAUSE.


OMG this dress is too cute! And fits great! For the price, I can't ask for more!


It's a well made dress. I ordered the light blue, and I wish it came in an xsmall.  I will make an adjustment (narrow the top to fit snug ) and wear this lovely dress.  The length is nice with  lovely swing to it.


