I bought this dress for a homecoming dance for my daughter paired with a gold petticoat and it couldn't be more perfect! In fact,  we have the whole line on our wish list now!


I took a chance on this dress and I'm glad I did.  It fits and looks wonderfully and I'm no skinny minnie.  I am 5'1, 200 lbs, and 38dd  and it's very flattering.


Love it! Super fun and fits great. I'm 5'2" 130lbs. fits me perfect. I'd recommend a petticoat underneath for fullness but it lays great without as well.


This dress is flattering in all the right places! I'm confident I'll order more dresses from this company! I will add after wearing it a few times that the buttons are already nearly coming off.


Wonderful dress! It was super well made with high quality. Something you'd wear in a cool summer if anything. It wouldn't be ideal for a dress outdoors mid80s F.


I wear a 34D bra and the medium was a bit snug, easy to get into but hard to get out of. My suggestion is to get a large if you want more chest space. I'm 5'4" and it fell just below the knees.


There was a button that was not attached when I received it, but luckily the button was contained in the clear plastic bag.  It fits nicely, but the capped sleeves don't allow much give for arm movements.  While trying it on, another button slid off it's string.  Also between the buttons are large gaps where you can see my bra, I am going to have to sew those closed.  So all in all, I like how the dress fits and how it looks, but I have to make some alterations and sew on 2 buttons. If sewing in not your forte, you might want to pass on this one.


This was NOT a halter dress and was way too large.  I wouldn’t wear it to a funeral! Beware!


The dress is not long it shorter than what is displayed in the picture and I'm only 5'5


It's beautiful! Very feminine, it will be perfect for summer. Wear a slip, it will drape even nicer. Just need to tone up these arms. ;)


The dress is beautiful and the fabric very nice. However I'm 5'5" and the dress was too short for me, about 5"above my knee. I'm 63 and the dress is not age appropriate (for me)


