I absolutely love the dress. It's comfortable and fits perfectly. I wore it to a wedding recently and receive a lot of compliments.


Slightly bigger than expected. It's a cotton type material. My only issue was with the color I chose. Lint stuck to the dress almost immediately, so did dog hair, and I was using a lint roller all evening. I sat down for dinner and placed the linen napkin on my lap, when I got up you could see little pieces of lint everywhere. Other than that, I loved the price, and how it looked!


I am so pleased with this dress. The fabric isn’t too heavy or too thin and the stitching is great. I have petticoats that I wear it with and it flows beautifully. I will absolutely be ordering more from Anni Coco.


Omg I love this dress I got it as a work dress and I got compliments all day and every woman was dying to know where I got it!! :) this dress is great material, fits well, good length, got here way before delivery date so that's awesome, and the packaging was so cute!


I'm not a fan that this dress wasn't completely floor length however I supposed if you're extremely petite you'd have better luck with this dress. Ok for but I'm not a huge fan.


This is a cute dress - but not for my figure - I gave 4 stars because the quality is very good and the color was really nice.  Just didn't fit me.


Really love this dress.  Fit was as expected.  Material is cottony and not see through. Construction was good-not cheaply made at all. Bought a crinoline underskirt and it made the dress even better.  My daughter wore this dress for her beach wedding and it was perfect.  Very glad that she chose this one.!


I like the dress very much have received many compliments I would order a size larger than you need and the material is a bit thinner than I expected but overall for the price it is a very nice dress


I love this dress!  Great material, I  ordered a size larger than needed after reading posts.  I'm 5'4" and can wear 10/12.  I  ordered XXL and it was too long and loose in the hip area.  I have a shorter torso,  so the white material hits me around the same area as on the model.  Very comfortable to wear.


Love it didn't wear yet but feels really nice and have good quality.


