I love this dress!! So comfortable and cute! Looking to see if I can get in other colors! I'm a little busty so there is a slight pull at one button but if I want it to fit everywhere else it is what it is...how my choices are either a little too big or fitted. This I love fitted


I LOVE this dress.  I'm glad I read the reviews first to see that it ran a little small. I typically wear a size L, so I bought an XL just incase.  It was a good fit.  It's comfortable and lightweight.  It's breathable fabric and stretchy material.  I received a lot of compliments! Would definitely buy this dress again in a different color.


I love it!!! A tiny bit big on the bust that's only because I am not big chested. Everything else is great. The material is not flimsy and it doesn't look cheap. I just love the dress!


Great for the price. I'm 5'6 130lbs and am a 34 D so I was worried a small would be too small but it fits great. A thread from the Hem is loose but great for the price otherwise


This is such a wonderful dress. The quality and the making is very good and I wore it to a winery on a summer day. It was beautiful and I was showered with compliments. I am 5'2 so this was longer on me but I paired it with very high heels.


Pleasantly surprised in the quality of this dress! Very beautiful


Dress is very tight in the bust area.. I am not huge, I am big busted... can't even close the buttons.


Have to return it as I ordered XL, I am 5'9" and size 12-14


Nothing about this dress was flattering.  The fabric was transparent and the fit was horrible.  Going by the suggestions or sizing up still did not help fin the bust fit.  Cute concept, but not worth it.


The color is very pretty and deep.  Was able to pair with nice accessories and a cute pair of flats.  Great for work or a day dress.  Comfortable and not too tight around the arms.  Highly recommend this product.


Now that I have the xxl dress it fits great. Ty. Others may want to order 2 sizes up from their regular size as it runs small. Just needed to get right size. It's beautiful and fits perfectly now. Ty


