Fabric is a little wrinkly when I received it but I'm sure that those will come out easily. It fits perfectly most places except for the holes for the arms, which I've had problems with other clothing, so I think that's just me having bigger arms. I can't wait to wear this out all the time!


Cute dress. Ordered a medium instead of a small, but that's my fault. Can't really wear a bra with it unless you don't mind it showing. VERY long. I'm 5'11 and it was pass my knees--that long. Wore it once for an 80s party, probably never gonna wear it again. Maybe for a costume?


Cutest ever, fits perfect. 5'8" 115 lbs, medium. Is tailored fitted, but plenty of movement room, no pulling across shoulders or at arms. Fabric is light and crisp, great for summer. Only thing that would make this dress better is slit pockets on the side seams. Love it!


I love this dress! It fits like a glove. I do recommend that you order a size up. It runs a bit small. I am 5'7 and 145 lbs and I ordered a medium.


I received this item at a discount for my honest review


Used it for an Alice costume. Very nice. I liked it but it ran large. I had to use a petticoat to make it poof out more.


Love the fabric and the fit. The medium in yellow is perfect for me, size 8. I bought the gray, too, but the fabric was substandard and it was a size too small even though labeled as medium.


I wasn't expecting such great quality for this price! The fabric is NOT cheap, and the construction is solid. It is a very flattering dress, and has exceeded my expectations. I ordered my size based on bust size on the size chart available online, and it was completely accurate for me. It has a little bit of stretch to the fabric, but not much in the shoulders.


I absolutely love this polka dot number. Arrived as promised. Dress is well made and fabric is not too thick that you'd be hot nor too thin that you need to add a slip underneath. However, I have a small torso and the dress is too big around the back. An extra small would have been perfect but nothing alterations can't fix.


I ordered this for my daughter for her 50's themed Homecoming dance.  The size chart was accurate for choosing the correct size,  and it fits her beautifully.  She's about 5'7", and it goes to her knees.  We plan on making a petticoat to add some poof.  The material and stiching are good quality, so it doesn't look cheap or poorly made.  Great dress for the price,  I would definitely recommend it!


This review is based on my trying the dress on. I haven't wore or washed it.  The dress is beautiful.  Very flattering for a hippy girl.  If you are a 16 or 18, the XL will fit perfectly.  If you want a more form fitting look, order the L.  The material is very thick so I am not certain how I'll feel in the heat  of the day, but it'll be perfect for a night out on the town.  I am satisfied thus far!


