This dress is beautiful.  I am 5 feet tall 135 pounds and I ordered a medium the color is just lovely. I thought it would not fit, especially I being a petite size, but it did fit very very well.


 I put this on straight out the package,  so is that a bit wrinkled This is the first time I bought from this company but I will be buying from them again I am not disappointed.  It is just so cute !!


Smells very plastic. The straps are too wide to tie comfortably (the knot presses against my neck)


I would have gotten a small, but I wanted red and that color wasn't available in the size I wear. Therefore, it's a little loose. Overall, it's decent and arrived the day it was expected.


I want to say I love this dress, but it's not quite perfect. The top is just a little snug on me. I'm 5'4", about 145 pounds, wear a 34D, and my waist is 29.5". I ordered the small, as I think the medium would be too big. I will live with it being a little snug on top since I am in the process of losing weight. The material is great, I can easily wear this without a bra and now worry about showing through (however I never will because I need the extra support). Overall, I really really like this dress and love the color.


This is one beautiful cocktail dress!! It is also made of a heavy duty material, but, a nice feeling material.  I washed it, and it did not shrink one bit!!  You can iron this material of this dress too!!  This dress has a bra built in, and it is unbelievable!! I wear a 14, but, with a DD bra, and this actually fits in all areas!  It has the stretchy part in the back, which is a great idea!! To give you an idea, I am 5'5" and it flows just over my knees. I recommend this dress whole heartedly!!!!!  I am going to get another one of a different color or flowers, since this one was so cheap, and so nice!!


Loved it. Fit perfectly. I'm 5'10 wear 36DD and bought a large. It was beautiful. Wore it in a pinup contest as Marilyn Monroe and got tons of compliments. Great fabric, stretchy but also thick. No padding but you could potentially go braless. Only thing I didn't like was that the stretch fabric in the back bunched up and got a little ugly but that's it.


I took a chance on this dress after reading reviews.  The fabric isn't all that soft, and does not have any stretch to it.  I normally wear a medium or size 6 at Gap for size reference for people.  I can wear S tops if they are stretchy.


I ordered this dress in the M.  The waist fits like a glove, the cap sleeve arm holes have room for me but I have normal to thin size arms.  The bust has a bit of a gap between the two middle buttons (one button is just above the widest part of my bust and one button is just below), but I seem to have that problem with any kind of button up fitted top.  But if I had ordered a L to avoid that small gap, the rest would have been way too baggy.


Otherwise it fits great and looks cute and was good enough quality for $22.  I'm happy with the purchase.


Oh...my...goodness...I love this dress like I've never loved a dress before!! I returned the red for the light blue SOLELY because I ordered it for a wedding and decided red wasn't the right color to wear to a wedding...it was painful to send the red one back, but the blue was just as amazing. I love what it does for my boobs and waist! And I love the slight give to the fabric and really just everything about it!!!


Dress fits really weird.  It's got a tiny bit of stretch, but the collar is really weird.  You have to have extremely straight and proper posture or else the collar seems too far back and makes you look like you have no neck.  If you have a long neck and very very straight posture it wont be an issue.  I have arthrtitis in my back and neck and can't get quite upright enough so it made me look like I had no neck.  The back collar sticks up really high and covers most of your neck, and the front of the collar does not come out as far as it would on a normal shirt or dress.  Other than that one issue, it'd be a really cute dress.  I had to return this one sadly.


The material is stiff, so perhaps it needs a few rounds in the washing machine first.  The ruffles around the neck and bust stand out too much for me.  I'm a big chested girl and don't always want to call attention to that.  I wear a size 16, am an hour glass, and stand 5' 7".  This comes to just above my knees.  It's not too low cut.  The belt is edged with black, so it really stands out against the same-color fabric of the dress.  I'll try to like it, but I don't know if I'll love it.  Perhaps I need to get an iron and press the ruffles down flat.


Great looking item, fit was as expected based on sizing charts. Don't look at the Amazon sizing chart, follow the vendor's chart for accuracy. I purchase a 10/12 where I would usually go for the 6/8 and it is juuuust right. The belt at the waist is a separate piece, so you can adjust the waist a little bit for a better fit also by cinching it up, and it can be swapped out as desired for another item. (I'm thinking bright red sash/bow and bright red pumps to match.) Fabric is a little bit stiff and not very soft but is thick and seems durable, and all the seams and buttons seem well sewn. For such a low price, this vintage style is a total steal. Point of interest the zipper is hidden in the side seam too, so you don't have a zipper up the back hanging out exposed, nor do you have to undo all those buttons on the bib every time you want to take it on or off. Winning.


