Nice heavy material and fit really well, maybe just a tad bit big but overall it was perfect. I ordered it to wear as a costume and I love the dress enough that I will wear it again on its own.


I read the reviews and saw that it fits great for big chested women. So still skeptical I ordered a medium which fits fine but I think I could fit into a small and it would hold everything together a little better when I went swing dancing in it. I am 5.1' and weigh 135. I am all chest, sizing in at 34DD. The dress was cotton, slightly longer than I was expecting but still works.


I LOVE this dress!!! I’m about a US dress-size 16, am thickest around the belly & have an average size chest... I ordered the XL- it fits perfectly. The fabric is nice and thick & the dress is sewn nice & sturdy, very well done... I got online the same day my dress arrived so I could order more colors!


I was hesitant to but the dress but finally did... I wish I purchased it 10 years ago so I could wear it. Now after a couple of kids I am not likely to ever wear this dress in public. I ended up returning it for that reason. It will work if you are ready to wear it without ANY underwear or bra. Very sexy!


The service was prompt and the refund was processed fast. I had to pay for my own shipping though.


I love it! Runs a bit small, but still fits!  Very Fashionable,Glamorous, Great for a special night, Perfection, Definitely an Eye turner!


You will be the Star of the Event!!  This dress will not disappoint!!!  The material of the dress is thinner than


expected, but for the price it not a bad buy. I am planning on purchasing more from this designer!


I got this to use as a Miss Frizzle costume for Halloween. It was perfect for that and has now been moved to the closet and is in regular rotation. It fits snugly but comfortable.


At 5'3 their was nooooooo way I could pull off this dress. Cute dress but for a much taller woman than I. The dress was nice quality and felt nice to the touch.


This is my favorite dress!!! I would give it 5 stars but the only reason I am not is because it doesn't stay up very well in covering strapless bras; so it has been interesting to see how I can still wear one and wear the dress. Regardless, I intend to purchase this dress again in many different colors!


Just right for church. I have been searching for a dress that goes below my knees, elegant and sexy but decent. This is the one. I am going to order the white for a funeral. I am 5/4" and weighs 164. The Medium works. Love It


If you are petite and slim like me this dress does not work for you because it adds no curves to your body whatsoever. On top of that, the fabric is a basic cotton with no value added. it seems more a beach dress than anything else. Tried to return it, but the cost of shipping it back to China is too high.


