I ordered the Large, which is what I normally wear in a dress and it fit like a glove.  I am 5ft 6in and larger busted (38DD).  I had a hard time buttoning the the top buttons, but I wore this for an Adult Costume Party so I was OK with unbuttoning  and going for the Sexy 50's Housewife look anyway.


The fabric has a stretch to it and really fit nicely around my curves.  The quality of the fabric was good....thick and slightly stiff which was perfect for the look I was going for.  I did order a black petticoat and wore underneath to achieve this look.


My wife loves this dress. She is 5'6 160lbs so we ordered an XL based on the other reviews guidance. She said it is a bit big in some areas but the belt snugs it up. It is very comfortable and easy to wash/dry. I received this item at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.


Perfect dress. Very inexpensive for the cut and style. Fabric is not super high end but I can promise you that you can accessorize nicely and make it look expensive. Thanks to the reviews I ordered a Small on this one but medium in another style. I'm big chested but small waiste. I'm 5'2" 124lbs. Chest measures 35.5" and waiste 29" but because it has a stretch band on back I bought small and it fits nicely and my chest does not look exaggerated. I bought 2 from this seller and will buy more.


This dress is definitely cute, though it's more of an off white in person.  You will definitely need a slip/petticoat, especially if you want the skirt to lay as it does in the picture.  Fit as expected, I'm 5'6" and I usually wear a 10-12 and the large fit perfectly.  I got so many compliments on this dress at my bridal shower :)


The fit is really true to size. I wear a medium. This is a medium and fits well.


I love this color so much. They had a ton of colors and some were available with white piping, heart shaped buttons, and ruffles. Oh god. The cutes.


I really really like this marigold color. It matches my fall mums really nicely also. I think it is cute all spring and summer but would be amazing with sweater leggings and a cardigan or dressy peacoat. Its so fun just to grab groceries but I love adding a necklace and wearing this style out to dinner. I feel so put together and I didnt even have to match tops and bottoms. Woohoo. Lazy > everything.


The cotton has just enough stretch for it to feel structured but not stiff.


I really like the nice long belt.


COST: At less than $20 I'm pretty much going to go BOYGBIV with these. I need evvvvery color.


The buttons are very functional and makes this very easy for nursing and gives you the option of taking this from a super modest dress to a very sexy dress in seconds. 


Overall I'm happy with the length but I'd have been happy with a skirt 2" longer. I'm only 5'3 so if youre especially tall this might be a mini dress. With it being a fit and flare style many could size up and have a longer skirt and simply belt in the excess. If youre very thin that may not work so trust your judgement. The arms are a cap style sleeve and reasonably generous so if you have full or buff arms you may still be able to wear this style.


Here is here I docked one star!


Like SO many shirt waist dresses there is a cheap and flimsy feeling invisible zipper under one of the arms. This is all too common and I hate it. I'd gladly pay a bit more for a zipper that felt sturdier. But at only $19 with free shipping through prime I'm just going to baby it. I've paid a lot more for dresses that had the same problem. I was NOT paid or discounted for this review in anyway,


I loooove this dress! Just received it in the mail and tried it on. Perfection! I ordered up a size, since I always err on the cautious side when buying things online. I had my 2nd baby 10 months ago, so I wanted my tummy and hips to fit well into it. The top part is slightly big on me through the shoulders with the XL, so if I order again, I will just buy the size that I normally am. I would say it fits very true to size, and it very flattering for those like me who want to hide the tummy and big hips! ;)


I bought it especially because of the buttons in the front. That makes it easy for me to nurse while wearing a pretty dress. The fabric is a nice, thick quality. I was very impressed with that. I'm 5'2" and it goes just a couple of inches below my knee.


I'll be buying another one in another color soon! It's a very flattering dress!


I really like this dress. It came wrinkled in the plastic bag packaging but a quick run through the washer and dry got the deep creases out then a quick pressing and I was good to go.  I wore the dress yesterday to an afternoon vowel renewal ceremony and reception.  I got lots of compliments on the dress.  Of course I told everyone where to buy it!


It fit me well and was very comfortable.  I wore a strapless bra with it.  One thing I would like to say regarding sizing.  To me these sizing charts are way off.  I bought the XXL. I usually wear a plus size 16/18 in a dress.  My measurements are way larger than the sizing chart upper limit and the dress fit very comfortably.  The stretch panel in the rear of the bodice actually could have been some what snugger.  I have a 40 inch waist however. so the sizing could be expanded so larger women who think it wouldn't fit, them based on the sizing chart, would purchase the dress.


As far as the length goes, I am on the short side, It fell to mid calf on me.


I usually wear a size 10-12 in a dress. I'm 4 11", 36 G -BUST & 150 LBS. The dress came to the bottom of my calf and flared out wide. You might want to purchase a half  tank top or sports bra because it fits very tight on the bust. It made my chest look smashed. The material was magnificent and I received several compliments on the stitching design.


This fit PERFECTLY! However, anyone with a larger chest probably couldn't wear it. The fabric is a good weight as well. Here are my stats and a photo for comparison. I ordered a size LARGE: 5'3", 170 lbs, Chest 37", Waist 32", Stomach 38", Hips 46.5"


Love this dress.nice quality. Order according to bust size if you don't want gapping.Runs small.Im 5'6 hits just below my knee.Very cute yet modest.Im a 36c ordered a large


