Waaaay too small.


Material is very thin and it wasn't as long on me as on the model.  Looks just like the pic however the top of the dress showed my halter bra on the sides so I couldn't wear any type of bra with it.  I ended up returning.  I ordered a large and I am 5'9.


I was extremely concerned about the size of the dress and the shape but I was pleasantly surprised. It is ok quality fabric and the way it drapes my curves!!! I am a very tall woman so it fell nicely. Body contouring perfection but oh how I wish the back was black too. I had to wear black undergarments without lines because the lighter color fabric is revealing. I will have to line it with some fabric the next time. I was conscious of it but it was good for date night!  My main concern stemmed from the zip up neckline but when I put it on and pulled the zipper up I was reassured about the fit. It did not rub against my neck as I thought it would.


I absolutely LOVE this dress. I wasn't expecting it to fit as well as it did; even the length of the dress is perfect! I highly recommend it. :)


GREAT DRESSE FIT IS TOTAL EXACT


This dress is cute, but it does run small. I usually wear a L/XL, but ordered an XXL based on previous reviews. The hips, arms, waist, and length of this dress all fit well. The chest, however, is too tight with puckering and opening happening around the buttons.


The length of this dress is really nice. I'm 5 ft 5 in, and it hits at a very flattering point below my knees. The ruffle on the chest is really nice, and the buttons are functional. There is also a side zipper to make putting it on easier. The fabric is a bit thin, but it was not see through. The fabric was a bit stiff, but I would assume it would soften over time. The cut is flattering. All in all, this is a nice dress, but I don't know if it will be useable for me with the way the chest fits. It would be perfect for someone with a smaller chest.


I received this product at a discount in exchange for my review. This does not influence my opinion at all.


The dress is beautiful and fits perfectly


Shorter than expected. The hem hit 2 inches above my knees. I'm 5"7'. I ordered a medium size, but the bust area was too small (I wear 34D). None of it is lined, but it was well sewn and had a great color. Wish it fit in the bust area and was 2 inches longer.


This dress is so much better in person than on the picture. First I have to say the shipping was great.


2nd the dress is actually well made. The cloth is good quality. The pattern and stiches shows good craftmaship.


My only complain about the dress is it's too long.


The size is perfect except for the length of the dress. I am 5'1 and 100lbs. I ordered small. If you.want to order ths dress just make sure take the length in consideration.


I tried wearing my 6 incehs shoes and that work like a charm.


Way too small. Not what I expected.


