I ordered 2 sizes up and it was an okay fit. Not flattering for a shorty like me I think.  I am returning. Also, mine didn't come with a bow. Didn't even realize it was supposed to have one till writing this review.


This dress is exactly what I was hoping for! It fits perfectly (I am a size 16 and sized up per reviews to a xxl), and is extremely flattering. The material is thicker so it is not see through and it appears to be of good quality. I am even considering getting another one in a different color.


Well.... I love the dress. It arrived early. However, I wore it once and the zipper has already broke. For $25 that's not what I would have expected. I've bought dresses from Amazon for less than $10 that I have not had any problems with. The material is nice and not cheap. I also had a hole a couple inches below the zipper I had to repair. And that happened while I was wearing it the first time. I was not even doing anything active in it.  If you buy the dress, watch the seams.


This is a really cute summer dress.  The neck ties are a little longer than expected, and the skirt doesn't stand out like in the picture (and won't, unless you wear an underskirt), but it was a good buy for the price.


I'm 5'10" 130lbs and wear a size 32b bra, this dress fits amazing. I got a small. It's just at my knees. Perfect for use as a work dress. I was a little skeptical that with being tall, the small out be way too short but I work in a business casual office building for a conservative insurance company and this would definitely be work appropriate. So excited to wear it to work! Material is extremely well made, seems durable and is a lot better quality than what I expected from previous reviews. I got the light yellow and the color matches the picture perfect.


My chest was just too big to close the buttons on this dress :( I could button the dress but "gaposis" strikes again.


I'm an 38I cup, took a chance and loss. Normally I can get away with it if the dress has a good amount of stretch but this was very stiff and  structured. I really love it but unfortunately back it goes.


Fabric and design of dress are nice; however, sizing is off. I usually wear medium, but ordered a size up after reading the reviews. The large fits ok in the waist of the dress, but the chest is very tight causing gapping with the buttons. (I'm a 36C.) I'm not sure purchasing a larger size would help the chest issue. I'm thinking that if your chest is bigger than a B cup, this may not be the dress for you. Due to the price of the dress, I'm keeping it and going to be creative on what I can wear underneath to allow buttons to stay open.


I read some reviews and opted to buy a size larger than I initially wanted. I bought a large and wear a 10-12 American sizing. It fits perfect and is very flattering. The fabric is sturdy yet soft. I haven't washed it yet, but I'm happy with it so far. I recommend it!


Great dress. The back is like tube top stretchy so it looks snug but is super comfortable.  Beautiful dress, purchased for a Belle costume (the color is a little light for that but it worked) And now I have a beautiful dress for wearing to weddings ect. I love multi use things.


I love this dress. I ordered it as a possibility for my nephew's wedding. I am 5'10 and weigh 160. I ordered a large and it fits wonderfully. While it is a bit big in the bust I just wore a padded bra and it was fine. There are no washing instructions. I did a cool delicate load with an air dry. It needs to be ironed. Very cute and comfortable.


