I am 168cm tall. This dress fits me just like a glove. I love the length too - just covers my knee and I wear it to office.  Very good material. Look absolutely fabulous on me ! I also purchased another piece for my sister too ! However, if you are busty, this dress may be too small for you (I am 33 A).


This dress is wonderful, especially considering the price! Quality fabric, easy to put on, and oh so comfortable. There's nice lining in the bust area, and the skirt fabric swings beautifully due to the lack of lining there. It's a bit big across the stomach, but that may just be the way the waist is supposed to fit. I'm 30" 23" 25", so my measurements are odd for my height, so that may explain this. Regardless, I love how this looks and can't wait until it gets warm enough to wear.


He dress was a great fit & figure flattering. Love the way it looks. The straps are a little flimsy or I would have give a 5. I'm 5'5 & 115lb the small fit great. Plenty long in platform heels.


this dress is so cute and fit perfectly. the fabric is very nice and the slight stretch is an added bonus. good value for the price.


What a beautiful dress that I want one in every color!  Perfect amount of give and charming detail.


I love this dress! It's very flattering and washed well too!


My wife bought this dress for a bachelorette party and she really liked it.  It is a beautiful dress and fit her nicely.


Lovely item.  My daughter was able to move freely in it.  Beautiful color!  I rated it a 4 because it wasn't a tight fit.  It puckered a bit in the back.


beautiful dress


I was really impressed by the dress. For the price, I was expecting something less than what I received. It fits great, although it wasn't as snug as I was hoping/expecting. A lot of that might have to do with the ribbed elastic back. However, if I had bought the medium at this time, it might have been a little too snug. Regardless, it is just the cutest dress and I love it!


