I like this dress, but it's too short. I am worried about my rear being exposed. I am going to wear it and see how it does in action, but I am going to have to be vigilant. Especially since it flares out, it really should be a few inches longer.


This dress is absolutely better than I thought it would be for the price. I usually wear a medium so I ordered a medium and the fit is perfect! It looks more expensive than the cost. You will not be disappointed! So cute! I can't wait to wear it out!


When I got the dress I was impressed as the dress was exactly as the picture posted, the color and all the details. I got a lot of compliments on the dress and it held up well. The price was great.


My problem was I ordered an X-large because it had a zipper I was concerned it would not zip up because of the size of my chest but the dress has some stretch in the back. I would order another dress but go with the Large as it does stretch a bit.


Soooo happy this fit me perfectly. Gorgeous dress and thick material so it is heavy duty as far as online clothing goes!


I ordered two dresses at once and I was looking forward to the other one more. This one surprised me by being my favorite by far. It is one of the most flattering dresses I've ever worn. The belt that comes with it is just a ribbon that you can wear or not - I love that there's no belt loops to look weird if you decide to go without the belt. I'm a DDD cup size and it's hard to find button-up anything that doesn't want to pop open but this dress fits like a dream. It looks great with and without petticoat, and the pattern is adorable. I can't wait to wear this out!


Perfect for the farm wedding we attended. Looked great & made very nicely.


I really like this dress but it looks too frumpy on me. The cap sleeves don't look good on my arms.


Nice, thicker cotton material.


I like the idea of it and I love the cost! I am on the fence about the material. It is good for Spring & Summer in Florida and I love that the material is "stretch!" I wouldn't have been able to get into it otherwise. I need this for an important event so it will do just fine but the Bust isn't exactly an appropriate fit for a woman of size 12 or 14 Large.


Great quality for the price. It had a couple loose threads, and the zipper sticks a little, but otherwise I'm very happy with it!


This dress wasn't for me but it was a great quality and looked exactly as expected. The dress does show pretty much everything though so unless your underwear is one of those no show kind you can't wear it. Also, unless you have shape wear or workout this dress isn't for you because you can see everything. A bra won't really work for the dress either. If you're looking for a summer dress made of great material and aren't shy then this is the dress for you.


Please note the dress is also long. I'm 5'7" and ordered an XXL ( could've probably done with an XL but I was afraid any stretching would make it more see-through) and in these pictures I'm in sandals with a 5.5" inch heel and a 1.5" platform and it's still reaches down pretty far.


