Not very many ruffles but it fits very nicely! The fabric is nice but can be a lint collector if put with other things!


Although I really like the look of the dress, I'm glad I read other reviews and ordered larger than my daughter normally wears, even a size bigger is almost too tight through the bust. To get the nice full look of the skirt, a petticoat is definitely necessary


The zipper was CRAZY hard to zip up, lke it took my boyfriend and my roommate to help get it zipped up and it wasn't because it was too small, the zipper is just so tiny and it was just having such a hard time zipping. Also, it's REALLY short, at least on me, like don't bend over kind of short.


Beautiful dress! Used this in a dance piece I designed costumes for. Well made and easy to move in.


Very cute seemed true to size a little big because it's stretchy it can very wrinkled and had a weird smell to it also no cate instructions but a super cute dress


The dress would have been pretty if it came in a smaller size . I purchased a small, I'm 5'2", weight 115 and wear a 34 D-DD. The dress fell just above my ankles and was very baggy in the torso. The material was nice and I'm sure it would look great on someone a bit taller with a fuller figure! I ended up purchasing anot her dress in this brand and it fit like a glove and looks great, so don't discredithink the brand.


This maxi dress is very pretty but a little snug on me. I didn't return it in time so it will be Donated.


I love this dress. I have received so many compliments on it. The little belt fits comfortably and added a cute touch. You don't need a petticoat, but wearing one does give the  dress a much fuller look. The fabric is good quality.


I expected this to run a little small so I ordered up size. It fits well but I'm quite curvy so it tugs a little on the buttons. Super cute. I received this product at a discounted price for an honest review.


I love my new dress.  I will be back to buy more....


