Received the dress in a timely manner. Fiancé tried it on and fit perfectly. She is 5'1", 125 lbs, B cup with an athletic build. The dress was size small. She was extremely excited over it and she was pleased with the quality. Couldn't have been happier and the price was great. Hard to find a dress for her since she is so short. Glad this worked out well.


Absolutely no care instructions whatsoever so when I get the courage to try throwing it in the machine I'll edit my review with the results haha but looked fantastic and fit line a glove. Made of slightly stretchy material making it hug all the right places. Also, bottom heart button did not line up with it's button hole - like at all - but easy fix for a person who knows how to sew buttons lol


Edit: I do machine wash this item. I've only thrown it in the dryer once though. I hang it to dry and iron as needed on a medium heat.


The dress is really nice, but it wasn't exactly what I was hoping, so I wound up returning it and finding a different one in a store. However, it's a nice, sturdy-but-soft material, and appears to be well-made. The cut is perfect and just like in the picture. It was a little longer than I thought it would be, though. I'm 5'7" and it came down halfway between my knees and ankles, and I had thought it would be closer to knee-length. The color was also a paler purple than I was expecting - more of a lavender. Still very pretty, but not what I needed for the specific occasion for which I was looking for a dress.


I absolutely love this dress. It fits great, the color (I chose grey) is lovely, and it's very comfortable. However, two things stop me giving it five stars (and though they aren't deal-breakers for me, they might be for someone else). First: it shrunk a bit when I washed it, so if you're waffling on size, go one up. Second, and the bigger one: it MUST be ironed. Even if you pull it out of the dryer and hang it up immediately, it will require ironing with a hot steam iron. Just use a cooler iron on the belt since the black trim is synthetic and will melt. I don't mind ironing, and at the end of this day I LOVE this dress.


I am in love with this dress!!  Actually thinking about ordering a few more in different patterns.  The material is a thicker feeling cotton so it doesn't feel inexpensive with stretch in the back which helps it fit perfectly.  There is a small side zipper to make getting the dress off and on a bit easier which is nice since this style of dress is meant to fit snuggly through the waist and chest.  I am a curvy 14/16 and ordered an XL.  I originally ordered this dress as part of a halloween costume, but can guarantee that I will be wearing it for many occasions because the cut is very flattering.


According to the size chart, I would wear a medium, but I ordered a small, and it fit perfectly. I wore this to a classic car show and got a lot of compliments. It's comfortable and cool, and you can't beat the price. I would recommend it.


This dress is wonderful. I was a little hesitant since some people were claiming that the dress was short, but really, you would have to be an amazon woman for this dress to be above your ankles. I ordered the large and I am about 5'6 135 lbs and it just covered my toes enough to look awesome! I will admit that there is something of a sweet spot in terms of height because if I were any shorter I would be walking all over this thing. The quality seems great and it is a good buy!


I am not sure why people are giving this bad reviews? First off if you get the authentic brand Anni Coco, the dress should be fine. It is really, really long. I am about 5'2 and it is long. I hope I can hem it. Quality wise it is great. For me this is not a "fancy" dress and more of a casual dress. I noticed many people referenced wearing it to wedding etc... personally I would not. I mean for 20 bucks the price should reflect the purpose of the dress. I suppose you could wear it to a wedding, but I find it to be more of a maxi dress with a little extra flare to it. I ordered the small and it fit fine. Again, I think many people received the "knockoff" label and not the real deal. Update: check the labels I did receive the knock off. All clothing sold in the U.S. MUST have a label with care instructions/fabric, even if it is made in China. Be very careful and check your dress for a label, not just make or brand name, but an actual label with care instructions and fabric. Piece of junk! My dress got wet and the black bleed into the white. This should not happen from getting wet.


I love this dress! So vintage chic! I'm a lager size 14 and the large fits perfectly. I'm also 5' 2" and I feel like the length is pretty perfect, it reaches just under my knees which helps with the vintage look. The fabric is stiff enough to keep all bulges flat but still comfortable. This is my second dress from this company and I'm excited to buy more since both have been great.


This dress is SO CUTE! It's very flattering. It is the perfect length. I always find personal stats helpful in reviews when shopping online for clothes so here's mine: I'm 5'8", 135 lbs, with a 34DD cup and the medium fit perfect. It's made of a nice, stretchy material that really gives it a nice fit. My only (small) complaint is that the strap is already frayed after wearing the dress only once. :( I'm going to try sewing it but I doubt I can do much to fix it. I love it otherwise!


