I really wanted to like this dress, but as someone who wears a 38DDD/F (depending on bra brand), there is simply no way this dress will accommodate me.  If I was smaller chested it probably would have been cute, but not as cute as the picture since the bow in front isn't attached or tied and I can never tie bows as nice as you see in pictures, especially not upside-down and attached to me.The fabric seemed nice at least.


I loved this dress. I'm 5'6" and 138lb and it fit well. I have also wear it with a puffy underskirt. I realized also I need to lose some pounds. Camera does add some.


Mom of twins


I got 5 of these dresses in 3 different sizes for my bridesmaids. I LOVE these dresses. Out of all 5, not a single one had a flaw. I especially love how the upper back is sort of stretchy in case you need a little extra room for gals with bigger breasts. And I love that they are as vibrant as the picture. I'm surprised and grateful for how well these dresses were made for such an affordable price!


This dress is awesome!  It is so very cute,  exactly as pictured,  and was even long enough for me to wear without any alterations.  I would definitely like to buy this in more colors.  That all being said,  I only gave it four stars because one of the sleeves was a little messed up upon arrival. I'm no amazing seamstress but I feel like it's an easy fix- hence why I didn't want to spend the time sending it back when it was something I could take care of and be able to enjoy the dress sooner. I know it was just a mistake, and I'm sure my future purchases will be fine. Just a heads up for quality control.


The fabric easily wrinkles and was impossible to iron due to the design/side zipper.  It also is large in the back area, there's too much material on the back of my neck to be flattering.  I am 5'3", 135 lbs/fit,  size 2, and a 32b, perhaps if it came in an extra small it would have fit better.  Other than that, it is a cute dress.  I would also recommend buying a crinoline that is at least 26".


Great dress! I will be buying more colors of this one.


The fabric is great, and it is sewn with care (I sew so I can tell). It is a nice sturdy fabric that I believe will stand up to many washings. I plan on washing it in cold on a gentle cycle and hanging it to dry.


The heart buttons and ruffles are precious.


My measurements are 34-28-36 and I'm 5"4 and 120 and ordered a size small. It fits awesome!


Love it!


Perfect is not enough to describe this dress. My husband, my family and friends are in love with my outfit. I couldn't wait to take a picture tomorrow. I'm so happy with my purchase. If it helps I got a size large I'm 5'6 168lbs bust 36D waist 32.


This dress is very cute, I like it.  A petticoat is a must with this.  It's a little snug under the arms, but it looks so good, I don't mind.  I'm 5 feet 4.5 inches tall with measurements of 39.5 D, 30.5 and 39 inch hips, and I ordered a large.


I want so badly to love this dress. You can tell that it's adorable - if you have a Marilyn Monroe body. It's a stiff material and already shaped, as in, the waist and the chest are the shape of the waist, height, and (huge) chest they expect you to have. First, the small is apparently made for people taller than 5'1, so the bottom of the chest in the dress lined up with the top of mine - and since the dress is pre-formed, that meant there was a big chest-shaped dress at my neck. I'd call the waist at a medium. And even if I could pull the chest low enough to get to my chest, I couldn't fill it with a 32D.


I wanted to love this dress, but I don't like it. The material is a polyester that makes noise and doesn't feel soft at all, though it is a bit stretchy, which is nice. It's a heavy material, which may or may not be a plus to you (it's not for me; it feels too heavy.)


The cap sleeves stretch out too far and look awkward. The length of the dress is nice for my standards; I'm 5'5" and 135lbs and it sits below my knee. Overall, though, it's just not flattering to my figure, and I don't feel good in it. If I could go back, I wouldn't have bought it.


