Love this dress. It's adorable and nice quality.  I read the reviews and had a hard time deciding on a size. I'm usually a large and have ordered other dresses like this on amazon in large and they were perfect. I have an hourglass shape and wear 12. I went with the XXL because of the comments.  I figured it was better if it were too big than too small. But it fit perfectly.the slight stretch makes it comfortable and not stiff. I would order again from this brand


Absolutely thrilled with this dress! I'd almost trade a few of these lovely fall days for more summer just to wear it.


The fit is great, it's not one of those head scratcher which size do I order wonky systems. I wear medium to large tops, I ordered a medium dress and it fits like I'd hoped.


Fabric is solid. It's got enough thickness that it didn't stick to itself, but not enough weight to feel uncomfortable. The cotton is soft yet feels durable.  The pattern is bold and the print is clear.


Definitely a win-win and for the price... Heck yes! I did get a discount since I offered a review but I if I tried this on at a store, I'd honestly pay twice the sales price on Amazon, it's just that lovely.  Also came very well packaged and with a cute reuseable bag for storage though it's a little bit lost in translation. =)


This is a great dress. The color is more of a mustard yellow but still very pretty. The flow of it is really nice. I love the length.


Material is Oxford and Does have a Zipper closure.


Great V Neck Collared with Cap Sleeve.


It's a Classic and Iconic Vintage Look.


Delightful Dress with Buttons and Removable Sash which I love!


Suitable for causal dressing, evening or a date. Many uses for this dress.


I love it so much, I'll be buying it in more colors.


I did receive this at a discounted price for my truth unbiased opinion.


I love this dress.  Well, minus the bust area as it doesn't fit me exactly the right way.  But, it is such a beautiful dress.


I bought a petticoat to go under it as to get the fullness that shows in the actual picture because I read a few of the comments first before buying.  It looks super cute with a petticoat under it and I am hoping that I will get a chance to get dolled up to wear it somewhere...


My other down fall with it is that the back elastic is a tad loose and is not tight so I do have to adjust it on occasion.


I received this product at a discounted price for my honest review.


First, this dress is identical to the posted pics, which doesn't happen often.  The color is spot on, which I'm super happy about!  The construction of the dress is very well executed with seams etc that are solid and sturdy.  The hem line does end just above the knee so if you prefer a longer dress, this isn't for you.  I am 5'7", 140 lbs with a muscular build.  I ordered a medium and it fit just right.  It hugs in the torso without being too tight and ends with a skirt that is ladylike yet cute.  A bit retro, it's a great addition to your wardrobe if you want something a bit different that will get you noticed:). I received this item at a discounted rate for my honest review.


Bought this at a discount for an unbiased review. Loved this dress. Love the style, very pinupish. You can dress it up with heels or dress it down with flats. Fits well everywhere except my ches . Its not big boob girl friendly.  You can always put a shirt underneath.


This is a very nice dress. I love the bright color and the crisp fabric.  I wore it the night I got it.  I wore it with the included belt the first time but I am not a fan of tie belts. There are large loops for the belt to go through so I just used a black belt that I had on hand. I liked that it broke up the color a little bit so it wasn't just one tone.


I am currently nursing my little baby and this is perfect with the button down front I can easily access his food source and not have to take off the entire top. I have had to do that before. So if that pertains to you then know that it is awesome.


The dress is a little short it goes to the top of my knee. I usually like my full dresses to go a few inches below my knee so I can put a crinoline underneath it. This is too short for any that I own so I haven't used one with this dress.


Overall I really like the dress I just wish that it was a few inches longer.


The quality is good its just the size was too small for me.  The bust size does not fit me way too small and the length was too high for my height im only 4'11 it looks awkward to me I feel like an old lady:)... This is perfect for someone that is tall and skinny.  Purchase this one size large than your normal size.  The ruffle style is really nice and classy looking.  The quality of the fabric is good not too thick not too thin.  I have to return it and did got my refund.  Purchase this at discounted price in exchange of my honest review.


I'm 5'2" and 145lb. I found the Grey dress (size L) a bit tight around the shoulders and the front pulled open a bit at the buttons (not a look I prefer).


The description says the Grey doesn't have the stretch (spandex) but I guess I missed that when i ordered.


I sent it back and ordered a yellow one in a XL.


I really like the small percent spandex in the cotton fabric.


Such a cute and comfy dress overall for a good price.


Simple to return and reorder. :)


Well, this dress hugs my body nice yet comfortably. The fabric is made of gold high quality fabric, it feels expensive to the touch and look. The sewing lines are perfect and secure, which makes this dress has an air of high graded that designer dresses carry.


The problem? It is made for 6" and up women to wear. Though it fits me, it is way too long for me, i have to have it altered asks hopefully it won't destroy the beauty of the dress.


I got this dress at a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review


