A very cute dress, however it is a bit small in the bust.  I ordered a M and as a 34D, the chest is a bit tight and I get a bit of separation between the two sides on the buttons, so I pinned them together.  I get lots of compliments when I wear this dress.


It's lovely, slightly loose in some areas, with a stretch belt and the petticoat it's still a fun dress.


I have ordered an additional style and may just swap one for the other.


It was a Gift thay love it


This is product makes me not want to buy clothes from amazon ever again. If I could give it 0 stars I would. Definitely not the material it looks. I'm 5'7 127lbs It's extremely loose at the chest and it's not long at all. It hits my calf. Extremely disappointed.


I like it enough to consider ordering the next size up--


I ordered a Large as my measurements are 36C bust, 32" waist, 40-41" hip - the waist fit like a glove and was still comfortable enough to sit in with no problems, but there was unfortunate button-gap around the bust. So I may just get an XL and have the waist taken in if needed.


Seriously perfect! I am so glad I didn't listen to other reviews. This dress is so adorable, classy and modern. I got a ton of compliments!


Fits true to size. Colors are beautiful. The Aztec print on top is not embroidered. It is a design on the fabric. The white top is kind of sheer so will have to wear a nude colored tank under it. Overall for the price, this is a great dress!


the XL is a little bit large for me but I thing a large will fit me perfectly. It's not white more like an off white, the longer is ok for me. I am a 6.01 feet. It' s on my knee


Fits as expected but however, as you see in the pic it seems to have a tapered wasteline. It does not. It is like one shape, a triangle. Also, after wearing it for te first time a couple days ago, the single stitch in the fabric holding the straps came undone and the straps came off. Very dissatisfied.


Too small but nicely constructed


