I ordered three different colors of this dress - red, yellow and gray - and kept the yellow and gray. The red, unfortunately, was different than in the picture. In the picture it looks like a bright neutral red, but in person it's too cool-toned to be flattering with my complexion and hair. Bummer. Luckily Amazon makes returns so easy, and the yellow and gray colors are both great. The yellow is brighter than mustard and very flattering to my warm skin and red hair. And gray looks good on everyone! As others have noted and the description makes clear, the gray lacks the stretch of the other colors. I think it might also run a little smaller than the other colors too, even apart from the difference in fabric content. Both the red and yellow fit me perfectly across the bust with no stretching at all, while the gray was too tight for me to button fully. But it's still cute and neutral and lovely so I'm keeping it!


In terms of cut and quality, the pictures definitely don't lie. The fabric is smooth and has a nice weight, and all the seams are perfectly finished with no hanging threads. My one complaint would be the cap sleeves. They're loose on my arms but still puff out strangely? I might try bringing them in or something because they look a little awkward... As all cap sleeves tend to look on me, anyway. Personally I'd have preferred no sleeves or regular short sleeves. Still, it's a minor quibble with such a cute dress at such a great price! I'm probably going to buy at least one more color.


I am 5'8" and over 200 lbs. I mostly carry in my tummy area and chest but overall am relatively proporationate. This dress truly is all about how you feel about your body. I LOVE IT. I wore it with no under garments at all because it is impossible to find the proper bra to go with that neckline and to have a pantyline less silhouette. That said, I have to say it is the sexiest dress I own and I will be purchasing an identical one as a back up. Do yourself a favor and get one of these. The beige panels are more golden in color and lend well to goldtone accessories and shoes. They are also visually eyepopping if you're blessed with hips, making every step look runway worthy.


This item arrives packaged inside a plastic bag that reads, "Anni Coco" inside another plastic bag.


The size I wear is all over the chart depending on the brand, anywhere from XS-M or 2-6. Even within the same brand, the size I wear can vary depending on how I want the item to fit. I was very nervous about the sizing of this dress so I read reviews of other Anni Coco dresses to get a better idea. Based on the provided size chart, I would typically be a size small, but given the inelastic fit, I decided to order a medium. I am glad that I did because it just barely fits. I am 5'6", 135 lbs, 32DD. The chest is the tightest part, but it snugly fits everywhere else. I will likely have to use a safety pin to help keep the bust closed. If I had ordered a size large, it would be looser in the waist, etc.


Since the dress was shipped, it was a bit wrinkled when it arrived. It is 20% cotton, 80% Terylene. I had to Google Terylene, which is apparently a generic name for polyester. It was easy to iron the dress. The dress is extremely cute in person, as it is in the photos. The rockabilly swing skirt is reminiscent of the 1950s. The color of the dress is as pictured; it is gray with black accents. The heart buttons on the bust, the ruffles on the bodice, and the cap sleeves are adorable. The accompanying belt is separate from the dress so you could wear it or not. You could easily use a different style belt, too. The dress is not super thin or super thick, and I would not wear it without a slip.


If you like the dress in the photos, you will not be disappointed in person. I would strongly suggest others read reviews of Anni Coco dresses to get a better idea of what size to order, and remember that this dress is not stretchy at all.


Disclosure: I received this item at a discount in exchange for my honest feedback.


I bought this dress to make an Alliance dress to wear to BlizzCon. I'm 5'2" a 32DD, 28" waist I ordered a small and I had to make some modifications to fit me. I added a pleat to the bodice and shorten the hem by 2". In the end it was perfect.


It's wonderful, very cute dress!!


Love it!!


Love this dress! The quality of the fabric is much better than expected, a nice weight, stretchy cotton. It fit well, I'm 5'9 and weigh 175 - usually I wear a size 12 and I ordered the large.  The details are nice, and the finish work is very good - especially for this price point.  The yellow was just like the picture. I'm wearing it to a swing dance party with a red crinoline.


Item was received quickly - I couldn't be happier with the purchase.


I bought a very similar dress on a clothing website and returned it because it was too tight in the chest. When I saw this in more colors and for half the price I decided to order a larger size and try it again. The dress is actually too big so these dresses seem to fit the way they're supposed to, I just ordered too big. I decided to keep it and not worry about it shrinking...but it didn't shrink. I still love the dress, very cute and the royal blue is gorgeous. I tie the bow in the back. The only issue I've had is that after a day of sitting and moving, the belt started to fold which drastically changes the look of the dress. I'm going to starch that thing into the next universe and see if that helps. I highly recommend!


Update: loved the royal blue so much I ordered the red and purple as well. The red is beautiful but the purple I got is not the rich royal purple in the picture, it's more plum and I don't like it near as much. Very sad about that but for $20 I'll probably keep it.


PS The heart buttons and ruffles are a little cutesy for me, but they make the dress a little fancier than some others I own and wear every day. Nice Sunday dress for sure


Too cute! The perfect length to hide my muscular calves. This dress is fantastic! The only thing I don't like is the stretchy material on the back. It rolled so it looked like back fat. Maybe I should have gotten a medium, but I felt confident ordering the large. My coworkers loved it for our company Christmas card photos. I'm excited to have this piece in my wardrobe. Worth every penny!


Honestly I thought I would like this a lot more than I do, it's a nice dress but I'm not into the look of it, I ordered the matte black do I would have a good night time dress for outings, but I think I'll go with a different dress instead, sorry the photos really aren't that great..


I don't think i realized what i was getting into when i bought this dress... I've never been complimented by so many strangers in a single night, walking down the street i received stares and compliments as if i was a model! It was insane. People were telling me that the dress looked expensive, that i must be going somewhere fancy and that it looked perfect on me. I wore it with a petticoat (which helped it poof) and faux fur line cowl, which helped hide the strechy back portion. The only thing id have to say i disliked is that the back portion slides down so low it shows my bra backing. I'd suggest having someone, if possible, safety pin the back of your dress to hide the band. Regardless. It is the absolute cutest dress I've ever owned that's super comfortable.


For reference I'm 5'3", 190 lbs, triple D cup and the XL fit me amazingly, ends at half of my calf. I've already suggested this dress to 4 gals!


