I was extremely impressed with the quality of the material (nice, thick cotton) and the fit was exactly what I was hoping for...fitted, but loose enough to be comfortable and flattering. The color is definitely more of an off-white/cream than it is a true white, but still worked for what I needed. I have brightly colored/floral wedge shoes with black ankle straps that are very hard to pair with anything because of the pattern (see photos) and this simple dress, with its black piping, is perfect for them! I'm extremely pleased....my husband loves it :)


I ordered the small and I'm 5'4, 125 lbs, with a 27 inch waist and a 36B bust. Fits perfect. And the belt is separate so can be worn in any configuration or left off entirely.


Absolutely love this dress! It does require ironing and I recommend hang drying. It fit great! I'm 5'6" 179ish lbs, 36D and love tacos, clearly. I ordered a large. It hits just below my knees and keeps a good shape. The fabric is a smooth cotton, and it's not see through. I got lots of compliments. In fact, one woman was so overwhelmed that she ran up and hugged me. Yes, a stranger ran up and hugged me. She said I just looked too adorable and reminded her of Mary Poppins. This is somewhat accurate, as many things fit in my bag and disappear. However, I cannot fly with an umbrella and my singing voice will make you yearn for death. Alas, I digress. The dress is super cute, functional and perfect beyond measure except for requiring ironing and lacking pockets. We all know pockets make dresses gold standard.


i'm a bit torn about this dress. i love the skirt part (even though the white lines looked kind of dirty and had some marks on it). the top on the other hand... i don't even know how to explain it. the front looks fine. its a high neckline, not really much to comment on about that. the back however, they put a small elastic band across the top of the back to help it stay and it has 2 straps. the elastic is very thin and just kind of makes the dress look wrinkled. the 2 straps look incredibly cheap. they remind me of the straps that come on the inside of a dress to help you hang it up. they're thicker than those but they look the same. they don't look like they belong on the dress and kind of ruined it all for me. i'm 5'5, 150lb, 34C and i ordered a L. its a bit fitted around the butt and waist area so it wasn't flattering on me without putting on spanx or something. the material is a stretchy type of spandex so not totally forgiving of a chubby body. the length was good, i would have been able to wear 3 inch heels in them and they would probably still graze the floor. overall not that great on me, going back


I marked this fit as expected because of other reviewers. I already knew that it runs a little small depending on your body type.


But, I do love this dress. I ordered it in the extra large size the first time. It fit perfectly except for around the bust. I guess I'm more busty than I thought. So I exchanged it for the XXL size which is better. It only pulls at the very middle button but, with one strip of dress tape it should stay closed.


The fabric in this dress is very nice. Not thin at all. The color is very vibrant. The skirt is full and looks great even if you decided to not wear the tule slip. (I plan not to wear one) It has a side zipper for easy on and off. (wish I would have known about it with the XL size)


If this helps anyone I am:


5"2' tall / weight 175


Bust is: 44in. (Wear a 38 C bra)


Waist is: 39 in.


Hips are: 44 in.


This dress is great and makes me feel great wearing it.


See pictures below this is straight out of the package. One is taken with the flash so you can see the true color.


The price and shipping time was great! But this dress did not fit as expected! I ordered a x-large and it was a bit to big. I am 5ft 8 and 216 pounds.I loved the feel of the material but it was thin and the dress seams(stitching) were not strong,there was a small hole below the zipper. And the dress left nothing to anyone's imagination. In decent light it shows everything, all of your undergarments in their entirety. I do realize a body shaper would take care of any lumps and bumps that showed. so I was not concerned about that. I was concerned about the sheerness of the material. It made me feel as if there was no dress and I was just showing off my undergarments. I tried this on with a corset and everything still showed, when wearing a corset or body shaper you don't want people to be able to see that your wearing one!! I have returned the dress for these reasons.


Originally ordered a sz large, sizing up based on reviews and the dress was amazing! The material was thick, the dress well-made and absolutely gorgeous. Sadly it was too big though. The medium just arrived and it is GARBAGE! the material is COMPLETELY different. The material on the medium is thin, and the seams are uneven and bunchy. The dress is an at least a foot and a half shorter than the large. No wonder the reviews for this are all over the map. The quality and length varies greatly based on the size you buy. If you want this dress order a large and tailor it. DO NOT buy the medium (cannot speak to the other sizes but DO NOT buy a medium).It was Garbage garbage garbage.


I really liked the color of this dress and quality of the make/material. The heart buttons are super cute and the length of the dress is definitely in the 50s fashion which is what I loved about it. What I didn't like is that the belt was too long and the arm holes are small- it feels like my arms will lose blood circulation (and I don't have abnormally "large" arms). The dress is a very heavy material which I liked because I don't like feeling like people can see through it and the overall quality was done well- the seams and stitching etc were very consistent. Be prepared to iron this dress and probably will need a good ironing after every wash- and don't dry it. The part I dislike the most is that the buttons over my chest area feel like they will pop off. I typically wear a size 12 or large in dresses (175 pounds, 5'2, 38C) I do not have a larger bust area and can't imagine that women that do would be comfortable in the chest area with this dress. I really wanted to love this dress but did not feel as comfortable as I wanted to.


I love this dress the color is bright just like the picture shown.. I'm  138 lb 5'7 .I got the 2X but that was because it was  cheaper than the other sizes. I probably would wear a large in this even though I usually would wear a small to medium but the 2x wasn't like extremely huge so I'd say go up maybe one size then what you would normally wear with this dress.. and with this style of dress if it's a little too big you get some ribbon and punch a couple holes in the back of the dress and reinforce the holes with little rivets or just a couple stitches around the holes so the dress doesn't rip and then lace it up and tie it tight like a corset and you'll have  a more fitted dress..  I don't mind buying  this style of dress a little bit bigger than what I would normally wear because it's a really easy fix if it winds up being too big better to be too big than too small....


Anni Coco® Women's 1950s Cap Sleeve Swing Vintage Party Dresses Multi Colored


This a great dress with good quality. Since the dress was shipped, it was a bit wrinkled when it arrived. It is 20% cotton, 80% Terylene.  which is a generic name for polyester. It is easy to iron the dress. The dress is extremely cute in person, as it is in the photos. The rockabilly swing skirt is reminiscent of the 1950s. The color of the dress is as pictured; it is yellow with white accents. The heart buttons on the bust, the ruffles on the bodice, and the cap sleeves are adorable. The accompanying belt is separate from the dress so you could wear it or not. You could easily use a different style belt, too. The dress is not super thin or super thick, and I would not wear it without a slip.


If you like the dress in the photos, you will not be disappointed in person. I would strongly suggest others read reviews of Anni Coco dresses to get a better idea of what size to order, and remember that this dress is not stretchy at all. I ordered size M and I usually wear M or anything 6 to 8 US size. It hides my belly and accentuate the bust - makes it look bigger which is added bonus for me as I have small breasts. The style is fun and flirty but also very sophisticated.


Disclosure: I received this item at a discount in exchange for my honest feedback.


