Loved the dress, nice quality, a little smaller than expected but fast shipping and beautiful dress!


I love this dress.  It is the latest in my currently small collection.  I wore it out to dinner and a party and received several compliments.  I normally wear a size 10 or 12. I ordered the large size and it fit just fine. If anything it was a tiny bit loose, but the stretch back kept the dress snug without feeling too tight.


This is my second dress to buy from here, the first was the black and white polka dot, and then I just bought the purple one. Let me say, this dress does wonders to your body! It's so vintage and fits perfectly. I'm a 34 DDD and I got the large and it fits great. It goes great with petticoats and you can dress it up or down. I want to buy all the colors!!


beautiful quality, I definitely recommend.  I just wish I had tried it on before I ripped off the tag, because I ordered a size too large, forgetting that I have lost a bunch of weight.  So inexpensive and beautiful that I might just buy it in the smaller size.


I loved this dress. Unfortunately the sleeves just didn't look right on me. The material is kind of stretchy, even with that the sleeves just poofed up and looked funny on me.


Paper thin, I sent it right back,it looks like its a thick dress,or good fabric on the phone,but it's not, I think poorly mad,could of been,should of been A LOT BETTER.Thanks but no thanks..


The dress itself was absolutely adorable. However it was to tight across my chest and I never would have been able to keep it buttoned up.


I love this dress so much. I couldn't wait to put it on once it came. It was a little to big on me but that has to do with my shape,  I got so many compliments when I wore it the first time. I can't wait to order again from this company. I'm sure the experience will be just as great.


Fits so weird. Not very cute in person at all!


Love this dress! I typically wear a medium size but ordered Large, based on the reviews, and it fits perfectly. It's pretty and very understated (perhaps a bit more understated in reality than in the pictures, at least for the yellow shade I purchased).


