This dress is beautiful and I am grateful for the thickness of the fabric (too often dresses are see through). The only negative would be the bust area - for me it's perfect but I am also very small on top. For the ladies with a normal or larger bust I think this one will be very snug


I gave it one star because it fits great but it arrived a day late and the dress had a bunch of spots on the white portion of it. I'm honestly so disappointed. I wanted to like it so much.


Love the dress, however the zipper placement is off. It's a side zipper but it's too far towards the back of the dress to zip it up on your own.


Let me say that this dress seems well made and the fabric is a good weight. The problem is...it is terribly mis-sized. I am a size 14 but ordered the XL even though it was for sizes 16-18 because the measurements were closer to my size. This dress wouldn't have fit someone who was a size 8. The dress was probably 6 inches from closing in back. Also, the dress is much shorter than the picture looks. I am 5'9" and there is no way I could wear this without my underwear showing. If you can find the right size and are ok with a really short dress or petite I am sure you will love it but I unfortunately was very unsatisfied and have returned the dress. I wish it would have fit because it really is cute.


The only thing that didn't quite fit as I had hoped was the chest area, I have a smaller chest and it makes it look smaller that it is, so if you have a bigger chest then this is gonna be great for you, if you have a smaller chest make sure to have a good bra!


Beautiful color. Great quality material and craftsmanship. Bought for my twin 12-yr-old twin daughters. They're 5'2" and 95pnds. The XS fits like a glove.


This dress is pretty stunning in person. It is simple, elegant and flattering. I ordered the XXL (I am 5'9" wear a size 14 and have DD measurements upstairs), but I probably could have done an XL. The length was perfect-just barely skims the floor, so flats or heels will work. Soft, comfy material. Fantastic!


Tight across the chest and shoulders. Very good quality fabric though!


Beautiful dress! Exactly like the picture. Couldn't be more happier!


I absolutely love the fit of this dress. I will be ordering more.


