love the look.. its little bigger then what i thought becuase i sized up from a L to an XL because of what ppl said..  and it makes it look like i have huge bumps on my back because of the style and the material very strechy but i guess since its loose


Lol this dress is so cute well made heart buttons work.. I should have gotten the lager not a med it didn't fit returned it but am planning to rebuy this dress great quality and has some stretch to it


hated this neckline!  This picture leads you to believe that you can wear a bra with the dress.. and you can not.. not even a nude bra.. the neckline is so strange and the zipper on the back would be okay if it weren't made out of such cheap material.  Plus they charge $6 to return it, when it claims free returns


Love this dress!!!!  5'5" 225 lbs.  I ordered an xl because I normally wear a 16.  Can't button it all the way without pulling, but it works with a cami.


Absolutely satisfied with the quality and accuracy of fit. I have been wary of purchasing clothing on line due to the uncertainty of you you will actually get. I am thrilled that I took a chance with this dress


The dress was just too clingy and showed every bump and imperfection.  But I ordered the biggest size they had.  But it is a very cute dress for someone who is petite and doesn't have many flaws.


Bought the grey dress, it fit perfectly! Looked exactly as pictured, no surprises there. Very impressed, will buy a different color


This dress is so flattering and cute! I'm 5' 5" and 175lbs. I got the yellow in US XL/ EU XXL and it fits perfect.


Loved the dress and the material.  Using the sizing chart, I ordered an XXL however once I put the dress on, I could have easily fit a Large. Thankfully it was a halter top which assisted greatly in the dress not falling off.  Had it been a strapless dress I would not have been able to pull it off.  Otherwise it was GREAT!


This dress is beautiful. Well made heavier weight fabric than expected, but it holds its shape and offices flaws beautifully. Order a size larger than I typically wear because I didn't want pulling over my larger chest and it fits like a dream. May have to order in additional colors it's just that cute


