What a great dress!  The only thing I would say is that the fabric is really stiff.  I am hoping some fabric softner might work, but really that is the only thing I can find to take a star off for.  If you follow the size chart it will fit exactly as you expect it.  Glad I took a chance, and for the price it is going for it will be perfect for summer time events!


I debated about ordering this dress but I decided to go ahead and I'm extremely pleased. The fabric is thicker/better quality than I thought it would be based on other reviews. I don't feel like the white areas are see through at all.


I'm 5'7", curvy, 38DD, and generally wear a size 16 in pants. I ordered the XXL and fits perfectly and just touches the floor when I'm barefoot.


I'm very happy I ordered this dress!!


This was a wonderful dress. But there was stain on the belt and on the back of the dress. After a couple attempts the stains did come out. I needed the dress for a semi-formal occasion and I was able to dress up the outfit. Thankfully the stains did come out.


Nice dress. Good quality. Bought for a 1950s party. I usually wear a small-medium. Was glad I ordered the small because it is almost a little big in the waist. I'm a 32 D and the dress fits a little snug on top.


Dress was very cute and I ordered according to measurement chart but it did not fit.  I'm 5'2/118 and the small was too large in the waist and too long by several inches.  I would have kept and altered but it would have cost just as much as the dress.  Very easy to order from and return to which is always a bonus and for that reason I would shop from here again!


This dress is very cute and is well made but runs a full size too small.


I ordered size XL for my size L (10/12) small chested daughter.  It fit her well and looked super cute, but she returned it because it looks 'Too Amish'... Lol


Bought the white version of this dress to change into after my wedding ceremony for my reception. The fabric feels sturdy and I like the quality, however I'm 5'3", 128lbs, 32d and the small still felt slightly large for me. Let me point out that I normally wear medium. This dress is MUCH longer than I expected (coming down to about 8" above my ankles). Unfortunately they do not carry an XS, so I will have to see if I can somehow have this taken in slightly and shortened by about a foot. I'm hoping I can make this work. The price is spot on


I originally ordered the xl. According to the size chart and my measurements , the xl should have fit.I could get it on, but it was too snug around the arms and around my bust it wouldn't quite button. The dress is so cute though I returned my xl and bought 2 different colors in an xxl.  They are a tad large in the waist but paired with a belt it looks perfect! Shipment was timely and my return was processed quickly and with no issues. I'd say order a size up. Great dress! Great quality! Will buy from this seller again.


I followed the manufacturer suggestion to ignore Amazon size chart and follow theirs.  I would normally wear a medium/size 10 but went with the large because of the measurements they provided.  The dress was a bit loose all around but the shoulders were definitely too wide and look weird.  I am going back to a medium, which might be slightly snug around the middle, but the fabric was somewhat stretchy so it will be fine.


I’m 5’1 normally wear xl 14.  I went by chart and was hesitant to order 3x.  But the bust chart points me to that size. Fit with room. May have been able to go a size down.  The straps are a little off I think but nothing uncomfortable or annoying. I did have to adjus or pull up the sides as you can see  Was too exposed.  This is where I think it’s cause I could have gone a size down.  Needed a dress for our Havana nights party.  This was perfect and compliments all night.


