Probably could have used an extra small, fits a little weird in the boob area. Nice dress though and surprisingly decent quality


Sent this product back due to the fact that I couldn't button it across my bust (42 DD) and a button had already fallen off in the shipping process. Other than that, it was a super cute dress.  Too bad it didn't fit!


The material is great! I love that it's a little longer. It's very flattering and well made. I'm not gonna lie.. I was a little hesitant to buy it because dresses are hit or miss but It's so cute!! Highly recommended!


1.came with the zipper broke!


2. Looks like it was warn and dirty


3. Hard to iron but that’s the material


4. You would need a slip


I bought this to elope in Vegas and was upset the zipper was totally broken, lucky I knew how to remedy that issue as I had no time for another dress.


The dress looks amazing! It fits as expected. It is big on me, but it is because I am an XS, and I chose to get the S anyways because I liked the dress. I also liked the quality of the materia.


I love this dress its so vintage. The only reason for four stars is because I got white and therefore have to where special things underneath and also it doesn't twirl out as much as I'd like... However I'm pretty happy with the outcome


.:)


I absolutely LOVE this dress.... until I washed it. The black ran all over the white. I took it to the cleaners and they could not fix it


Makes me feel like a princess. The halter straps are very long though.


I'll be returning this dress. The material was not what I expected from the photo, and looks much cheaper in person - maybe I should have expected that because of the cost of the dress. The straps fit well, but the back of the dress (directly above the zipper) is scrunched together making it look low quality. It's also very unforgiving. I am 5'7, 135 pounds and I felt heavy in this dress because of the way the fabric hangs.


It fit as expected except for the length.  I was hoping to be able to wear it to work.  I am 5'8" and it was way too short to be work appropriate.  It came just past my fingers when I had my hands at my side.  Plus the front buttons gaped even with a good fit in the bust area.  It was not too tight and still gaped.  I was very disappointed.


