I LOVE Anni Coco dresses! I've come to expect high quality at a great price and this one was no exception. Well made, in a light weight fabric. A great vintage cut and you can't beat the savings compared to comparable vintage inspired brands. It arrived well packed and with a light steaming, it's ready to wear! Note: I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.


I Love this dress, even though It is currently too small for me in the chest area. I love the look of it, and other than it being  a little smaller than I as want, everything else is exactly as described. The length is the same, the style, the look, it is all exactly as you see in the picture. The stitching also looks good, and the quality of the fabric is decent. It's not super heavy, but is not super thin either, it is exactly as I would expect it to feel by looking at the picture. This style of dress is perfect for everything from a retro party to an everyday summer dress to a business casual piece. I did receive this product at a discount for the intent or review, but that has not changed my thoughts on it at all. Overall I am very happy with this dress,  everything is exactly as described, the quality is good, the material is good, and overall I would recommend it.


Dress Is nice. Material is a bit rough but not uncomfortable. Runs a little small. It is a little tighter than should be. Don't forget to get a petticoat for it. My only complaint is the zipper is cheaply made. Feels brittle and gets stuck easily. Other than that, seems nice.


Love the dress! Purchased a size small for my 15 year old daughter - 5'5" 117lbs - fits perfectly. I have attached pics. Material and craftsmanship is great quality - lots of attention to detail. Love the detailed elastic back, gives the dress a fitted look around the bust area. *I received product at a discount in exchange for an honest review.


I love this dress! I am an extra small but the black/ white was not available in extra small. Took a chance and ordered the small and i love the fit! It could be a little tighter, but it looks amazing!  Just as the picture.


This is such a cute dress!  I love the style.  I bought this for my 18 yr old daughter that is hugely into vintage looking clothing, and this was a definite winner.  She loves the cut out in the front and back, because it gives the dress a very unique look while still looking vintage.  The skirt is nice and full and falls just at her knees.  She normally wears an 8, and the medium I ordered her fit well.  The only problem with this dress is in the bust area, it was a bit loose - like my daughter was uncomfortable that her breasts were too revealed.  That was easily taken care of by sewing a stich on each side.  No more issues.  It really is a fantastic dress though, very eye catching!


Disclosure: I received this product in exchange for my honest/unbiased review, but my opinion is 100% my own.


It looks super cute. I ordered a medium and I am a size 0/2 and it was a very tight fit. I couldn't pull it up so I had to put it on by pulling over my head. It will be a cute addition to my 50's style look when I do pin up pictures. I did get this at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review.


I love vintage style dresses! I must own like 20 of them. This dress is made of lightweight cotton and is perfect for summer. The back has a small amount of elastic to the back, so if you're concerned about the bust, there is some give. The product came well packed and the garment is better made than most of what you'd find at the mall. Overall this is a very flattering dress and I look forward to purchasing other styles. Note: I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review.


A nice copy of the "About the Artist" dress by Modcloth... similar sizing (SIZE DOWN)... however, mine arrived without the belt/sash and when I went to unbutton the top 2 buttons, they popped off onto the floor.  Bodice is VERY SMALL... busty ladies beware! Fabric is pretty thin. Also, unlike the photo, there is no black trim on the cap sleeves. So... suffice it to say I was very disappointed as I was very much looking forward to wearing it all the time.


I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review.


This dress was purchased for me as a gift, so until looking it up just now I knew nothing about it.  I wore it twice to work and had tons of compliments. Then I washed it. It did not have a tag listing the material, but with the stretch it has, I didn't expect it to have such a high cotton content. I dried it, and it shrunk terribly. I've passed it along to my daughter because I can no longer wear it. Why wouldn't it have a tag with materials and washing instructions?


