I wasn't too surprised that the level of quality wasn't equal to the photo since I'd heard the complaints of others, I just dignity expect it to matter so much. What is with these foreign sellers have they heard of any other material than polyester?  Alas Im also aware those with lean pockets can't be choosy either. Im grateful that the dress does reach my toes and fit like a glove from the waist down. I do wonder at these mythical linebacker shaped asian women because of the width/girth afford my self described wraithlike frame. Me the husky wraith??? I look like a stick figure in it  and although it is polyester that monstrous lace confetti thingy I had also purchased along  with this order which honestly doesn't merit its own review...kinda now makes sense as a casual sort of bustle to go underneath this should've been perfect dress, after all its polyester. At least this latest shopping spree--sprung another leak and has me furiously sewing, I have a wedding to catch...a man to marry :) lol.


Absolutely love this dress very good quality material.  I am 5"1' 135 lbs the medium fits perfectly lenght a little above the knee


 This is the first vintage style halter dress I have ever bought,I think it is very cute.


The size small is a little loose on top for Jessica(5'11"tall,26"waist),but she said she have sense of security as the strap is comfortable and firmly.


She wore a petticoat underneath,you can see it in the video...that was so flattering.


And I think it is a great point that it has a side zipper closure which makes it much easier to get on and off without the help of someone else.


I love this black dress,and I would like to order the polka Dots as the Minnie Mouse costume,worth expecting.


I was so nervous about the dress not fitting because of other reviews but I must say...I'm in love. I ordered a small and my measurements are:


Bust:34


Waist:28


Hip:35


The material is a bit stretchy and the belt helps you tighten it to give it a tighter fit. If only I were getting paid to write this lol


The dress is cute, fun to wear, and fits pretty well. I'm 5'5, 38C, and approx 160lbs. I bought a Medium, and I typically wear a Medium/Large on top and an XL on the bottom so the A-Line cut works well for me. The cap sleeves are cute. I did receive compliments when I wore it. The buttons down the front and the side zipper seem a bit fragile to me and so I will use it with care. The material is more of a standard cotton blend -  the picture depicts the dress with more sheen or satiny looking material than it has. Over all, I am happy with the purchase and I would buy a dress from this maker again.


I ordered the grey dress. I have to say, even though I had to return this dress, I LOVED it. I ordered a medium, and it fit perfectly in the arms, sleeves and waist, but the chest was a no go. I typically wear an Ann Taylor 8p for tops, 34DDD. The buttons were so far from buttoning that it was laughable. Based on other reviews, busty girls will have issues in this area.


EDIT: I ordered an XL as a replacement. This fits great across the bust and shoulders. It is a  little loose in the waist, but not a major issue with the belt. I am highly pleased with the dress and  considering ordering other colors. I did purchase an inexpensive petticoat to go under it. I wasn't pleased with the look fully, so I cut out one of the layers of the petticoat and now it is PERFECT. I am thrilled that for less than forty bucks total I have such a great outfit.


The color was gorgeous, the fabric was lush and thick, and definitely not cheap looking, the fit was *almost* perfect, but I had to return it because the top was cut just a bit too narrow for me - granted I do have line-backer-wide shoulders for a woman, lol! It also somehow made my bust look *small*... and I'm a 36 D, so no idea how that happened, but I was hoping this would be like a vaVOOM dress with cleavage.


It doesn't *need* a peticoat, but if you put one under it, it would be adorable. I'm 5'6" and I ordered a large, and it was below my knees - loved it!


I just wish it didn't look so narrow on the top or I would keep it! Hope someone else orders this and looks faaaabulous :-D


I ordered this dress for my Scarlet Overkill costume for Halloween, it was a little bit big (about an inch) but that worked in my favor as I am 5 months pregnant and needed the extra room to accommodate my growing belly.  The dress was too pretty to do any permanent alterations but I needed the straps removed to get the correct look for the costume, I simply tucked the traps in and stitched them down by hand and that did the trick.  All in all it is a great dress and is made very well, I only hope I'll be able to wear it again outside of Halloween.


Measurements prepregnancy:


Bust: 32


Waist: 24


Hips: 34


Super cute dress, I feel very feminine when I wear it. I followed other's advice in sizing worked well BUT I will say the buttons do tend to pull/gape from my bust (36D) so I wear a bra that presses them down a bit and is made of satin so the dress's material slides against the bra. I could have ordered another size up, but afraid then it would have been too big. I am still working with the belt (BTW I tie it in the back and not in the front as pictured). The material isn't soft enough for the belt to flop and definitely not stiff enough to hold like it does in the picture.


I bought this dress for a wedding and got so many complements on it. I'm 5'1 and 6 months pregnant. Weighing 150lbs. I bought a medium so this dress would accommodate my growing baby bump! I still have room and plan on wearing this dress for the holidays as well. The dress is a bit long, so if you are short like me I recommend wearing it with a pair of heels.


