This was ordered a size medium to replace the size large I had ordered originally. Im 5' 2.5" & 130lbs. I wore it yesterday to a Savannah wedding and loved how comfortable it was even tho it was still a lil bigger fitting & a couple inches longer than I was hoping for.  I received many compliments. When I return home to Arizona i plan to have a few alterations made to it. I recommend double checking the sizing, i could have very easily have fit into a size small, which isn't the size I used to ordering


Gorgeous dress that is a little small so pay attention to the sizing chart. It’s a good resource but we still needed to go up one more size because the front buttons bulged. It was super nice quality though and packaged very well. Highly recommend this item.


This dress was sooooo cute!!!! key word= WAS! I purchased the dress last minute to wear and it arrived in a timely fashion just before I planned to wear. The dress was adequate in sizing. I laundered the dress as recommended and it shrunk about 3 sizes, so I will not be able to wear it again and donated to goodwill. as previously stated the dress is very cute, so if you are looking for a one time wear disposable garment... its a good choice. shipping was quick, packaging good... no complaints other than cheap material for a one time use.


I read other reviews and decided to take a chance on this dress. I'm 5'4" and approximately 125 lbs so. I purchased a size small. I'm long waisted and have a smaller chest size.Usually belt on dresses like this end up being too high. I was pleasantly surprised that this dress fits great. My biggest complaint about the dress is how easily the fabric wrinkles. I'm lazy and don't like to iron. However, I like this dress enough that I may more often.


It was okay, the extra large was an OK fit on a size 14. My 38D chest however did put a little bit on the front. The gold color was the only issue I had. I expected more of a mustard, and this was a little bit brighter gold, which does not match my skin tone. If you found my review helpful please vote below


I ordered a medium and so glad I did.. This dress is amazing.. The fabric is awesome.. My bust is 36 B... Waist 28.. I am 5 foot 5 inches tall. The dress sits right at my knee. I could not love this dress more if I tried. I have. If you are on the fenc3 about this dress get off it and order.. I bought in red and will so be buying it in a different color.. So classic and beautiful.


It's perfect- if you have some weight on and don't want to spend 100s on a dress- this is the one ( I'm sure it's stunning on thin girls too) I'm 5'7 160 and a full 36dd- the XL is perfect the photos are w no bra bec I just received and threw it on- but there is a halter bra I bought off of amazon that is awesome but any strapless using a strap around the neck would work too bec the back isn't cut low- and no spanks -which I will bring bec it is fitted but my event is in fla so may be too hot to wear.


Fabric on this one is great and not shear has bit of weight to it so the bad reviews must have had a fluke bad manufacture


It's perfect length over my toes to the floor I can to the standard wear heals and switch to flip flops.


***this also is an awesome alternative to expensive maternity wear stuff--- it's stretchy. I would say I probably could have worn this up to 7-8 mos. love it.


This dress would get a 5 star review if I could zip it up on my own. Side zippers in dresses are a nightmare for a large chested woman. Also a full bra can not be work with this dress because it peaks over the top and the sides. Love the length though and if they make one with sleeves I will find it and buy it


Loved this dress so much I ordered more from the same brand (and loved that too). I ordered an XXL at the beginning (how depressing is it when everything you try on it too small) and was pleasantly surprised to need to return it for an XL, which fit perfectly. You don't HAVE to wear a strapless/halter bra with it, but I found it more secure to do so (36F).


I'm a 34DD, 5'6", 125 lbs, with big hips... I always have problems finding a dress that fits me, and this one fits perfectly! I ordered a Small, since the medium was not available and I'm glad I did... perfect fit, a little big even. The elastic in the back gives me lots of breathable room, while still being form fitting. Would definitely buy again!


