I am in love!!!! I am a 38 bust and 40 waist,  curvy and between a 14/16. I went a size up in case it may have a tight fit. I got an XXL and it fits perfect. I had no struggle with my zipper. I chose the stretchy grey. I am surely loving the dress!! Now I just need to get all the colors!!


Fast shipping, quality fabric, vivid color (I ordered red).  This dress is perfect for when I go ballroom dancing.  I am 5'4", 120 lbs with an athletic build and the size small fits wonderfully.  Not too tight at the waist but you can highlight your figure by using the tie wrap around your waist to make that area more defined.  Great buy for the price.


This dress is really pretty on.  The cut of the material is flattering - not too much fabric and the skirt is flat over the belly so it makes you look slim.  This is the first dress of this style that I've ever worn that doesn't look frumpish and billowing.  Great value for money too!


I LOVE this dress. I'm a bit large up top and the stretchy grey stretches enough that I didn't have to go up a size and risk a sloppy fit.Quality is great as well


I am 5'5", with a 34" bust and a 26" waist.  In size small, this dress fits me very well; but the skirt is pretty long, coming down below my knees.  It isn't so low that I'll have to trim it, but for anyone shorter than me, it probably will be.


As for quality, the cloth is light-weight and thin, good for Summer.  It's sown well, though the skirt is cut slightly unevenly.  For washing, I put it on a delicate, cold-water cycle, turned inside out and grouped with like colors; then gave it a little heat in the dryer, hung it up and smoothed out the wrinkles with my hands.  So far so good!


I will be honest and say I was worried about sizing so I ordered a Medium. Im 5'5" 135 lbs. And wear a 34C. I tend to have a healthy hour glass (proportional, avg chest small waist and avg hips) and typically wear a size 2-4. The medium is a bit roomy on me but not so much I would return it. Its made of nice material and feels well put together. I purchased a red petticoat to wear under it with my red stilletos for my bridal shower and the dress is a bit long on my height so I hemmed the bottom up 2 inches and it works perfectly. Being that it was white I thought i would have to wear a slip underneath but the material is not see through. All in all I would buy another of these dresses in a heartbeat, but in a small this time


I bought the yellow.  It was see through despite another review saying it wasn't.  I didn't like the shade of yellow on me, so I'm returning.  Other than that, the dress itself was well made and fit perfectly.  I'm 5'4", 130 lbs and i night a medium.  The dress fell to my knees.


Cute dress for price!  Fit great.  Wasn't too crazy about length.  I'm 5'5" and it came down to the bottom of my calves.  I hemmed it taking a good 5 to 6 inches off to come just below the knees!


I wore this dress to church and received compliments from at least 10 people. I think I am going to buy this dress in every color and throw out everything else that I own. It is so feminine and compliments any figure.  I am 5'11" tall and weight 150 lbs and bought a medium. The length was perfect for me. The top was form fitting, but not uncomfortable. I am not a huge fan of the heart shaped buttons, but it really adds a fun touch to the overall look.


A very beautiful off-white 50's style dress! I bought this to replace a Marilyn-style halter dress that got stolen from storage, and I'm so happy I did! It's very substantial... I wish that the material was a bit thinner for the summer-time, but all in all I'm very happy with it! :)


