I purchased this dress for a beach wedding in Florida, it was perfect! Very simple yet elegant. The dress was very comfortable and flattering. I received so many compliments. Can't wait to wear it again.


I love this dress so much!  I was a little bit nervous about buying it because I'm very picky about length on dresses, but this one is absolutely perfect.  I'm 5'7" and 110-115 lbs and I ordered a size medium.  It comes down to just below my knees.  Normally I'd order a small, but I was nervous about the length and since the dress has no stretch and it has a belt, I figured it was better to order a size up.  It fits perfectly and is very well made.  It has a side zipper and adorable little heart buttons.  The skirt is very full and the whole dress has kind of a demure, 1950s housewife feel to it, but it's professional enough to wear to the office.  It goes perfectly with black wedges, heels, or flats.  I love how unique it is.  It's definitely eye catching and figure flattering.  I got this dress at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review, and all the opinions expressed here are my own.  This dress was a great purchase, and it's comparable in quality to the custom made dresses I usually order from eshakti.  I highly recommend this to anyone looking for an adorable, well made, modest dress!


I was reading the other reviews before I decided what size to order for myself. I am between an 8 and a 10 (bra size 38 D/DD). I was torn between the Large and X-Large, so I went bigger to make sure I had enough room in the bust. I chose well. It's a little loose in the waist but my girls have plenty of room, I feel a Large would have been too small. The dress is extremely comfortable. I bought it for work but it will get worn a lot of places. The material is thick enough to be sturdy, but not so thick it feels heavy. There seems to be quality stitching work and I am confident this dress will hold up over time. The color is exactly as it looks in the picture. Overall very happy with my purchase.


I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review.


need to return


Hated it. Hated the material.


**Edited** I was showered, make-up on, hair done, and only needed my dress on and I was walking out the door for a wedding. The zipper broke!! Completely broke off of one size. Completely unusable dress. I am returning it, but since they are out of my size now, I am unable to have a replacement. So disappointed. I only got to wear the dress once when trying it on.


I'm in love with this polka dot dress! I have a wedding I am going to next weekend and needed something to wear, and this is perfect for it.


Vintage/pin-up style from the 50s, it has a flattering fit, zipping up the back (be careful where the top and bottom meet as the zipper sticks there a bit) and tying behind the neck, it's a perfect fit.


The busts give an extra lift, which is nice since I have to wear a strapless bra and it's hard to keep my heavy busts in place without adequate support.


The dress flows out at just the right place for a swing look. It hides my overly round hips to give a more sexy look overall.


I am 5'4 and wear a size 10 if this helps anyone with sizes.


I will update pics later. I was just trying on here so excuse the gym-hair and tired face.


I received this at a discount in exchange for my unbiased review,


This dress is exactly what I expected! Love it!


In love


I am 5'6 and 125, blessed with junk in the trunk, but not so much in the chest.  I normally wear a Small in dresses with open hips, but in reading the reviews, I opted for a Medium and wish I'd gone with a Small.  It fits very true to size and I prefer a more fitted look in the bodice in this style dress.  The Medium is a bit loose, but still wearable.  That was my mistake and not an error of the listing.  The length is GREAT!  I have very long legs and this dress comes below my knees which is quite unusual, but a very welcome surprise.


My dress shipped without the belt, which is what kept the dress from being five stars in my book, but for that, I would've been at five stars on this dress.  Honestly, I probably wouldn't have worn that belt anyways, but still, it is a feature that it was supposed to have.  I like that this dress does not have belt loops because I add belts to dresses on my own all of the time and this dress lends to adding different belts and the loops don't always make that feasible.


It is super cute, well tailored, and well fabricated.  The fabric is a lightweight cotton that is perfect for the Spring and Summer.  The collar is well interfaced so that it stands up beautifully and gives a nice crisp appearance.  It does require a good ironing because of the cotton content.  I can easily see this dress going from day time at the office to night just by adding a crinoline under this dress for an evening out swing dancing.  I received this dress at a reduced rate in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion and review and welcome both positive and negative feedback.


Great dress


