This dress is made of a great fabric and fit perfectly! It even has a bit of stretch in the back so it's not too snug on the ribs.


I love this dress! I always get a little nervous with dress as i had a c-section about 3 years ago but still not as solid as i'd like my tummy. But this fit beautifully. After reading other reviews i went a size up but wish i didn't regular size would have been fine. Material is nice and it perfect for my Belle Dapper Day outfit as Disney next month!


This is very cheaply made and the entire back in made out of elastic. So disappointed. At the same time as I purchased this I purchased a similar one from a different vendor. They were the exact same price but this one was such a disappointment. I wont be purchasing from them again.


I'm 5'3, weighing 117 lbs. I purchased the x-small, and it fits perfectly! I read previous reviews stating the dress was either too long or people received the wrong dress. I'm not sure why! The dress looks exactly like the website picture, fits like a glove, and is perfect floor length


Its an adorable dress.  Too bad, the waist was 6" higher than my hour glass shape would permit.  I'm 5'9" and a bit on the curvy side.  The sleeves barely capped my shoulders and kept riding up.  Other than that I'm sad I had to return it.  I bought an XL and it just barely fit my chest.


First time I wore the dress, the zipper busted down the side. I'd like a refund.


This dress fits like a dream! I was a little hesitant when purchasing it but once I read all the reviews I said what the heck. When I got it and tried it on, it fit beautifully and I felt amazing in it! If you're hesitant about buying the dress, I say go for it! It fits to size and it even gives a little bit of breathing room because it stretches.


I thought it was a tad bit too long so I  took it to the cleaners and hemp it up over all its beautiful


pretty big for a small. i should have ordered an xs.  worked well for our 50s bridal shower, will reuse again for halloween,


Size chart is true to size. Beautiful dress with an awesome price. I've ordered two other colors after receiving the first dress. Love it!!!


