Wicked cute, but runs small.


Was skeptical, but pleasantly surprised and pleased.  I ordered the solid red (Red-2), size Small.  My measurements are 34B, 28 waist,  36 hips, and I'm 5'8", 129 pounds.  This dress size is  a perfect fit, with or without an adjustable bra.  The red color is deep and rich.  The neck straps are wide,  and well-stitched.  This dress hits right at my knees.  The material is more cotton, with a touch of stretch. This dress can actually go from the office  (with a cardigan or jacket) to the dance floor, dinner or a party.  Stitching is well done,  material is lightweight,  but definitely not see-through.  The upper bodice areas are nicely lined, so no bra--no problem.  I personally would like a softer more "fluid " material,  since I ballroom dance, and love wide and flowing outfits.  I'll definitely purchase again from Annie Coco....Definitely a 4 1/2 Star Rating.


the best!


I loved this dress!! Had many compliments I'm 5'1 wear 38D. The dress is perfect length hits right below mid thigh, but it is a little snug (on me) on the chest part. I love the color perfect for Spring/Summer I wore it to a family Bar-B-Que. I would buy it in different color if they were available.


Beautiful dress! I am  5'4" and the dress is a bit long but I will gladly hem it. Great value for the price! Stunning!


I absolutely love this dress!  I just received it and it is perfect. The fabric is no thin or see through, I like the way it hugs in all the right places.  The length is perfect for me, I am 5'2 and I can wear flats or heels and be ok. Would definitely recommend the purchase of this product!


So I bought this dress to turn it into my Halloween costume. But I will be buying it again because it is so pretty and comfortable!


I love this dress! It's just as beautiful as the photo, and it fits perfectly! Great quality! I can't wait to wear it!


It fit me perfect! I’m 5’6” and 160lbs and a 38b with a 33” waist. I was worried about the fitted waist but it was perfect! I ordered the size large.


I love the dress but I'm too short which makes the torso part of the dress look weird. I'll gift it to my sister instead. Overall, a pretty dress and shipping was a breeze.


