I found the sizing to be what I expected. I normally wear a 6-8 in dresses and I ordered a medium. The zipper is cheap, it was hard to zip and unzip while I didn't have it on, with the dress on the zipper would not go up, even though there was plenty of space. It would not go over the seam there the skirt and torso attach.


Super cute dress very well made for the price I'm incredibly surprised with the quality of material.  Ordered a size bigger based on reviews and have to return it for the smaller size.  Can't wait to get it in the correct size!  We got our replacement and I suggest following the size chart fits like it was custom made for my daughter. LOVE THIS DRESS!


I love the fit of the dress. It sags slightly in the back, that's why I gave it a 4. I have had many compliments and even people saying they look like it was made just for me. I wear mine with a shrug because I don't bare my shoulder for work. I will definitely be buying more!


I tend to run a wide range of sizes (34/28/37measurements), but this dress in Medium fit just right. It's a stretchy, good thick material,  and color is spot on. It is hard to iron out the wrinkles, and I would say that a slip is a must if you're wearing tights or leggings underneath as the material tends to cling to the nylon. Over all though very happy with the dress!


Amazing dress, I absolutley love it! I wore it to a 50's themed wedding. I am a size 8-10 and I am 5 ft 8 and the L fit perfectly. The fabric is really soft and it looks great flat without a petticoat and fantastic with a petticoat all puffed out!


Love the dress and have gotten lots of compliments about it when I wear it. It's comfortable and the fabric has a lot of stretch to it. However, I had to sew up the button area, as the buttons are not placed well and gap at the chest. Also, if you can get over the psychological part of ordering at least a size (or two) beyond what you usually wear (had to return the first size I ordered, too small), then you'll likely love this frock! Can't beat the style and comfort at the price.


I cannot tell you how much I love this dress. I love it so much I bought it in two colors. It is beautiful heavy cotton fabric, with adorable details, and unbelievable quality for the price. I would have paid double what they charge. PLEASE MAKE MORE DRESSES.


THis is so cute, makes me look like a stay at home ,baking pie mama machine . Just need to find the perfect shoes and place to wear it to.


The material is a little stretchy , so if your busty like me it's perfect. The color is bright and it's light.


I have a 34" bust and the medium barely buttons all the way up and pulls significantly. If I only button up to the bust, it looks awesome and very bust-forward. The cap sleeves are slightly too tight. My biggest issue with this dress is that it wrinkles incredibly easy and is a lint attracter. You have to iron it after drying. It is super cute though.


Absolutely love this dress. I am a 36 DD and this fits perfectly. A bit loose actually. I have to take it in a little on top.  I am a size 8 in pant size around the waist so it fits perfectly there.


I cannot wait to wear it.


I ordered the 26 inch slip to go under it to poof it up and it is great. Thanks for offering it. Great buy!!


