I love it! bought it for my daughter, shes 13 and very tall, and yes, it is a nice long dress, if you are petite it will be too long. The shoulder straps are a little different in person but not a bad thing, we just got a strapless bra and a shrug sweater. The shipping was incredibly fast, Im in Texas but it seemed like it was here in about three business days.


I love it, its a little tight across the chest, maybe should have gotten a large but its really cute on, and a nice quality.


I'm 5'8", 170lbs. Most of it is in my chest. I went through the reviews to figure out if I needed to order an XL or a 2XL. I have a 42D bust. Got an XL and the dress fit fine everywhere excep the bust, which I was anticipating. The buttons could button but the poor things were strained and I would've popped someone's eye. I got this for a Muriel from Courage the Cowardly Dog costume, so I wore an apron to hide the girls. It's shorter than I anticipated. Had I not chosen orange, I could wear this anywhere. The fabric is sturdy and it was easy to steam out the wrinkles. I really like it.


This dress is beautiful and has a bit of stretch in it, so fits my curvy daughter beautifully!


The material is a little silky and looks alot more FORMAL than i expected. Isnt bad tho. Not just an "anywhere" maxi.


I was exceedingly surprised that this dress fit perfectly.  I normally cannot wear shirtwaist dresses as the darts just do not fall right.  But this dress fit like it was made for me.  I love it.


Followed sizing suggestions and reviews and it fit perfect. Like a previous reviewer,  I couldn't get over how adorable the buttons were.  My coworkers were complimenting me left and right and I think my self confidence gained major points that day.


Great material, super cute dress for that 50's style. I can not wait to wear it out. The price was amazing, and it arrived in just a few days from the order and neatly packed. I ordered the medium and it fits perfectly. I weigh 127 lbs and pretty curvy if that helps.


My wife loves this dress.  Great fit, and it looks great on her!  Very cute dress and well made.


I am a mother and bought this dress for my 14 yr. old daughter and she looked fabulous in it. The medium fit her perfectly. My daughter is an athletic build about 145lbs and 5'3 with a large C small D chest. I hope this helps someone to find their size. She usually wears a medium so this dress was true to size.  We also purchased the petticoat to go under it and it just made it that much better.


