I like the canvas-type fabric, but it isn't for people who have a bust.


This is a very cute dress the first time it is worn, but after one washing the top of the dress does not lay flat. The skirt is also very flat, was Hoping it would be fuller.


A lot of people seem to have had success with this dress, and unfortunately I did not. I have a vintage event coming up, and amid the $80 to $100 price tags for very nice vintage clothing, I was hoping this dress would do the job based on the other reviews.


I am 5' 2", 125 pounds, with an hour glass figure, and D cups. I was really surprised how this didn't fit me very well, despite all of the rave reviews. I can't wear a strapless bra with it, as it sits far too low on my back. So, I'm not getting any good cleavage out of the dress, along with the neck-line being too high to show much of anything without there being support, which is frustrating if you want to show some cleavage off.


As a shorter-than-average person, the dress is incredibly long, almost down to my ankles. I understand this is the style, because it's a vintage dress, but it's just slightly too long for me. "Well why can't you get it hemmed?" I can already hear people saying, but if there's one thing I hate, it's having to spend more money on something I just spent money on (the trials and tribulations of being juuuuuust a couple inches too short for most pants and dresses). I might as well go out and buy a more expensive dress for better quality fabric than take the time and money to find someone to hem it.


Lastly in the back of the dress, is a panel of stretchy material - as in there's no zipper. For me it totally destroyed the "vintageness" of the dress. It makes me feel like I'm wearing a beach dress (you know, the beach dresses with the bunched up sections of elastic that make it easy to throw on.). It's also part of the reason why it doesn't sit right on me - the stretchy fabric makes it too loose so it moves around a lot. That's not a great feeling when you can't wear a bra with it. I suppose that's what I get for going for a cheaper dress. A zipper would've totally made this dress better in my opinion. It would've been snugger and just overall would have been a little classier.


For pros, I will say the color of the dress is nice. It's a pretty, vibrant blue. I'm not a huge fan of the material, but the price point was fantastic, which is why I went for the dress in the first place. Despite my issues with it, a lot of people seem to really like the dress and who knows, it might fit you better than it did me.


Zipper ripped about an hour into the night. Fit great before that.


It's a beautiful dress, BUT was snug in the boob area


My wife normally wears a large in dresses, but this one she could not get zipped up on the sides. So we ordered a XL and we will see how it fits.


My wife loved the dress, fits fine on her, 5'5", 115, got her a small. Great color, has no belt loops so you can wear it without the belt and its looks good.


This dress is so cute and comfortable! It's a bit long so I may hem it a bit but with a petticoat it helps a bit. For the price I definitely recommend and will be ordering more.


This dress is so adorable!  I bought a tule underskirt for it and it looks so nice.  It fit's perfect and I will definitely be buying this in other colors and patterns


This dress is wonderful. I was very worried about proper sizing and shipment issues. This dress is a gorgeous royal blue color, even prettier than expected. The shipment was quick and I received it even faster than expected. I am so happy with the fit of the dress and bought a petticoat for underneath. I will post pictures when I have them taken.


