I have so many issues with this dress. First, the fabric feels weird/uncomfortable. Second, the bottom doesn't stick out as much I would like it to, it almost goes straight down. The size I got fot weird around my bust (34DDD). It didn't hold them up as well as I would like.


Loved this dress... I bought it as a back up in case the dress I 'really' wanted to wear didn't fit.... I didn't send it back... I decided to keep it... 'Just in Case!' since it fits amazingly and is so cute!  I am 5'6" and wear an XL and/or 16 and my bust is a 40D.  This fit all the curves! Definitely would buy it again.


Great quality, but I do recommend going up a size. Make sure you go by your measurements and it will fit perfectly.


This dress is so adorable! True to size for a snug fit, it has a nice stretch to it and washes well! Well made


This is an amazing, sexy but classy dress.  I love the material, I love the look, I love most everything about it.  The only thing I don't love is that it is tan in the back, which isn't as flattering on the behind.  Other than that, I give it a 10!


2X is perfect fit for me -- 5'8", 190#, fluffy size 16, 40C. Very well made -- will order another one!


This is a great dress to have for a person who works at a funeral home, my only concern was that the dress was a tad too tight in the chest causing the buttons to pull, making the inside of my dress view-able.


The dress did not feel or look cheap, and it has a nice and sturdy type material.  By looking on the website, one would mistake it for a silk or satin type material, but it is not. Very pleased with the product, style, and design.


I got this to dress up for Disneyland's


60th celebration. I love it! I received many compliments! And i would wear this with out the petticoat as a dress for work as well! I really enjoyed wearing this!


This dress is adorable. It got to me quickly, fit perfectly, and looks just like the pictures. The fabric is sturdy and I have yet to find any loose threads (though there were a few unattached threads stuck onto the fabric in the bag, but they were taken care of with a lint roller).


