I ordered this dress in the XX-Large, and was worried like the other reviewers said, it would be too tight.  It is not at all.  It's actually a size too big, and I am not sure if that's me or the dress that's skewed size wise (hope it's me, I usually always wear a xx to accommodate for my 38-DD's).  However, the dress is lovely, the material is nice and thick so not much need for the petticoats or slip, no one is going to see anything.  It seems to be pretty well made, and honestly it's $20 so not like I'm expecting Channel here, but it is certainly worth that price. Will most likely be ordering again. I did get this for a semi-formal ball that I'm attending, and this really is perfect for that.  Though I think with the right blazer or cardigan and leaving off the petticoats (which don't come with it) this will be good for fancier days at the office since it's just basic cotton. For sizing order your regular size, I know at least the black was prime and the returns are free and pretty easy to navigate if you need to return it.  The only major gripe I have is that the back is smocked, and I suspect the fit would be just fine without that, but again it's $20...for a full skirted well made dress.


Very nice dress. Minor defects, but overall it's a great buy for the price it is. Definitely considering buying more.


Size Ordered: Small


5'7" 135 lbs


33"bust 27" waist


The fabric feels quite sturdy, and the stitching looks fine. Little loose threads here and there, but nothing a little cleanup can't handle. It's not see through, and is quite nice on a hot, humid day.


Defects noted:


The stretchy back panel is poorly cut, the pattern suddenly goes off at an angle, which makes it seem uneven despite proper fit. Unworn, it didn't seem too bad, I didn't even notice it until I wore it and was trying to get it to lay 'correctly' and realized that the pattern was askew. This would not be a problem for the solid colored dresses, but it's very noticeable on the black/white dot one.


There is also some issue with the fit because like one of the previous reviews mentioned, the panel is tighter on the top end which makes it bubble outwards a bit if you're not large enough to stretch the elastic. I ordered the smallest size, and probably would have gone one size smaller for a proper fit.


I'm 5'4", 140lbs, 36C bust and it was too loose in the chest, the back kept slipping down. It was very long so I hemmed 6" off the bottom. This dress washed and dried well so far, I've only washed it twice. I had to iron it, too, and had no problems. I wore this with a black petticoat (picture with the baby) and without (picture with my fiancé). I'm very happy with the dress, but would but a small next time.


Aaaah! This vintage-style dress is adorable.  I’m an elementary art teacher, and I like to go all out and dress up for holidays at work.  I wore the red dress with a black cardigan and a petticoat underneath to give it extra swing, and it was perfect for Valentine’s Day.


I’m usually very cautious when purchasing clothing online because of my body type.  I have size 36DDD bust, and a smaller waste, then hips like woah, so its challenging to find cute clothes that fit without making me look like Jabba the Hut.  I took the advice of other reviewers and ordered a size up from my usual size, and it fit great.


The belt that comes with this dress was perfect for accentuating my curves.  It’s a very flattering style for curvy women.


I get so many compliments when I wear this dress.


I was so happy when I found this dress online. My hubby loves a gal dressed in vintage pin up inspired attire and I was hoping to surprise him on our next vacation with a beautiful new dress for one of our dinner dates. But unfortunately this is not the Freeman's for me to do that in... I am 5'9" and wear a size 14/16 with a 42DDD bra size. I ordered this dress in a 2XL in hopes it would fit based on Amazons size charts. Sadly I was wrong. While I was able to get the dress on after unzipping the side zipper I was not able to get it zipped closed. So now I am left having to return this beautiful dress and hope that I can find a larger size elsewhere to surprise the hubby.


The quality of this dress is amazing. For the price I don't believe you will find a better dress. And if you are smaller than a size 14 I would definitely recommend this dress as it is well made and seems to be constructed with quality products.


Beautiful dress... The fabric has a little bit of spandex,  and is not flimsy at all,  which helps cover up things we tend to dislike about our bodies...  I absolutely love it


This dress is super cute! I wore it today and got a ton of compliments.


I'm 5'4" and 137 pounds, and I ordered a medium because people were commenting that it ran small. It was just a bit big in the sleeves (though it's not a big deal and that's WAY better than too-tight sleeves). The dress could use some lining, but it's unlined (you get what you pay for). I wore a camisole and slip under it, and it was fine.


I know I have seen this exact dress on another popular website for way more money, and I seriously doubt the quality of the more expensive dress was any better. It was probably this exact dress, just marked up x 4.


LOVE this dress. I have received SO many compliments just the once I wore it, including the coveted "I don't mean to be a creeper, but you look cute as a button". This dress is rarely going to be in my closet because it will so often be on me.


Some stats for those wondering what size to order:


I'm 32/27/36 and am wearing a size Small. I'm sure I could fit into a size XS, as there is a bit of wiggle room for me, but I think the Small is a Goldilocks (just right)


Love this dress- fabric is nicer then expected. Normally I would order a medium, but after reading reviews I order a small. It is a little tight in the chest, but with a little stretch in the fabric, it formed to my body in about an hour or so. I'm 5'5 135lbs 34 chest 26 waist. This dress hits me at the knee- just above about 1 inch.


Update- so there are two different styles- the one with ruffles is my above review. Today I received the "plain" dress that I orderd in Med. This "plain" dress is so short I will need to return it, about 3 1/2 inches about my knee. Way to tight in the chest. Still nice fabric, but the two different styles fit very differently.


This dress is pretty nice for the price. I ordered it for my rehearsal dinner though I didn't end up wearing it because our wedding was moved last minute due to the hurricane. I am 5'6, 135lbs and a 34/36B, I wish I had gone with an XS. It was a little loose up top and the halter straps are kind of wide and heavy, making it difficult to tie them tight enough for smaller busted women. I was planning on wearing a pretty padded strapless with it which did look pretty nice. The white version of this dress is pretty plain so I would plan to wear a fancy belt or some standout jewelry or something. Also it would look really silly without a petticoat in my opinion, I had planned to wear it with one. Overall I'm happy and would buy again, but if you are small-chested go one size smaller than usual, remember it flares at the hips so you've got a ton of room down there plus the back of this dress is stretchy in the torso. Also it will come wrinkled, and the way the top is made it will be difficult to iron so a steamer or a good hot dryer will be required.


