Absolutely LOVE this dress. Wore it to a fancy business dinner and will be wearing it to my sons graduation from the Army basic training next week. it can be dressed up or dressed down. It was a bit long but I am only 5'1" so I expected that. I am 190lbs and this dress hid what needed to be hidden and hugged what need to be hugged.I am also wearing 4" heels.


Got here fast, love the heavier stretchy material.  It was a bit too small in the bust, so I sent it back for the next size.  I bought the green petticoat to go with it, and it looked sooo cute, just not something that I could wear in public.  I ordered a couple other dresses that are similar and am anxious to see them.


This dress was actually slightly better than I expected.  I am a size 16, with large hips, a waist, and breasts on the smaller side of 38C, and it fit me like a dream. The material has enough swing in it to function without a crinoline,  but with one it just looks amazing.  I'm going to be ordering more in different colors. Also, I wore it all day, and it stayed comfy and stylish.


This dress is absolutely beautiful!  It is very classy!  The fabric is high quality; very sturdy, as one would expect from the pictures.  The zipper on the side is very well hidden, and doesn't go all the way to the top.  The stretch panel on the back provides a lovely fit and makes the dress very comfortable to wear.  In my opinion, it is quite a bit longer than the proportions in the pictures make it appear.  The length measurement given of 32" on the Small is likely measured from the bust; it is mid shin length on me (5'4" tall).  I did end up returning mine, because I had been hoping for something semi-casual, that I could wear to work under a cardigan.  This looked extremely fancy on me.  I strongly considered hemming it to the length I wanted in the hope that it would look less "million dollar party", but decided that it was too nice to take scissors to.


The dress itself was really pretty and a really nice fabric. I ordered the 2XL and it was just too small. I'm pretty busty and if it had been available in a 3X or 4X, it might have fit. I'm 5'8" and usually wear a size 16. I did return it.


The picture was much prettier than in person.  I liked the idea of a red/white sundress but I felt like Minnie Mouse. That may just be me because I tend to wear darker clothes and maybe I'm not used to the brightness.  It's made fine - material is fine but I can't get the back elastic to lay flat.  It bunches up.  It wasn't super expensive so it's worth buying.  I'd probably get another color next time.  Hopefully, it's just my back that doesn't lie flat and not all of the dresses.


I love this dress but seems to run on the large size or made for much bigger girls in the chest. Not sure if they offer in a Xsmall size. I am 5'5 32 chest about a 26 or 27 waist and about 113 pounds. The dress is well made . I think I need it taken in in the top part and it should do fine I can still wear it . Looking forward to wearing it on my Honeymoon.


Beautiful vibrant color that received compliments all day! The small fit (35-27-37, 5'2", 125lbs) spot on, with a room to stuff myself silly if I wanted. The buttons were well sewn in, straight, and very cute. Belt was the perfect length and I personally wore it to the side. Overall, very well made.


The material was a tad itchy for my sensitive skin and it was easily wrinkled - at the end of the day (after sitting, getting up, sitting, etc), there were tons of wrinkles in the skirt


I got the white dress and it's pretty much transparent. You definitely need a slip underneath it in addition to the petticoat. I would've liked a thicker fabric and a little more shape to it. I will be resewing it a bit too because it is a little bigger than expected and doesn't come in at the waist like i would have wanted. It's still a very cute dress with a cute shape.


Wow, this dress is amazing!  The material is not flimsy, for the low price, and it feels soft.  I love that it has a side zipper so I don't have to undo/redo the buttons each time I wear it.  It falls just below my knees (I'm 5'7" but short legged) which is perfect.  The flare at the waist is fun and flirty and the orange color is vibrant!  The heart shaped buttons are a nice detail.  I bought this for my son's HS graduation (The school color and my favorite is orange) and I am so glad to have found this dress!!


