I received many compliments on this dress the day I wore it. Many ladies asked me where I purchased it. It is as pictured, sweet with ruffled trim along side heart shaped buttons. Skirt Laird nicely and I added a puffy petticoat for effect which was a huge hit. I felt a cross between,Alice in wonderland and the Queen of heart's. Great dress, great price, nicely made.


I love this dress!  I received so many compliments when I wore it to work.  It hangs so nicely, and flowed in the breeze when I walked.  The material is not flimsy, but not heavy, either.  I am about 5'5, 165 pounds, and have a muffin top belly, and I ordered an XL.  It was the perfect size.


I absolutely love this dress. Adorable. I have a large chest so button ups are very touch and go for me, but the stretch in the fabric is just right. I used their size table and was able to order the right size on the first try (not easily done for me). I was worried the cap sleeve and heart buttons might be too cheesy, but the dress is great.


If you have boobs AT ALL don't bother purchasing this dress. I ordered a medium and everything fit well except my breasts were popping the buttons apart even without a bra on, and I am by no means a busty woman... Super disappointing returning


Love the dress!  I ordered an x LG but usually wear a medium.  I used the manufacturer size chart but the top is a bit big, nothing I can't live with.  It wasn't super wrinkled from shipping.  I have on 2 petticoats for more fullness.  Got the dress in 3 days.  Super service Amazon!


This is a stunning design. The high collar, ruffled buttoned front, and thick, bow-tie belt combine to make quite a statement piece. You'll be noticed in this.


It's long. I'm 5'9 and it hits a few inches BELOW my knees.


The cap sleeves allow for plenty of full range movement. This dress is a total WINNER.


I purchased the red halter dress in XXL. Bust 45", waist 35". Fits well. It's a little big in the bust because the elastic could've probably stretched to a 48" chest or more & is not stretched at all on me. The waist is perfect. I would definitely buy this dress in other colors!


Love this!  Fits great, enough skirt to use a petticoat under.  The back elastic falls a bit but that seems the norm for this style.  Fabric is simple cotton, needs to be ironed and picks up lint like nobodies business.  Very happy for the price though!


Love it It will look great at the Mardi Gras Ball


This dress arrived quickly and was really cute and flattering on. I like the fabric, but there were lots of little threads that needed to be trimmed, the top button popped of when I tried it on and it was sewn with one puff sleeve smaller than the other. The smaller sleeve dug into my arm any time I tried to lift it. I need to be able to lift my arms.


