I love this dress and so does my husband.  It is so light and comfy and I have received so many compliments.  As for the fit, I was surprised to find that it ran a little on the large side for me.  I am 5'5, 155 lbs,  and normally wear a size 12 top or dress to accommodate my 36DD's and size 8 bottoms. I bought my first of these dresses in Large.  Although it fits, I will need to make some adjustments to the elastic back because it puckers.  The elastic back allows a good amount of stretch to accomodate larger bustlines so I ordered my second dress in Medium and it fits perfect.  The lined top gives good support for a halter top and is very flattering.  I will definitely order more.


This dress is nice.  I bought a size small and it fits well. I am 5'4" about 117lbs. The color is as shown. It does have a bit of stretch to it. It wrinkles easy, but I have a steamer so it's not a big problem. I haven't washed it yet but it seems to be well made.


This is a very cute dress.  I'll need to tailor it a bit, but that's par for the course with my body.  The material isn't thin and has decent structure to it.  It is very flattering.


Note: It is Asian sizing, so make sure you check the sizing guide before you order.


Dress fit well. I bought a medium and I am 5’8” and weigh about 140lbs. 36C bra size. Is very flattering and perfect for a swing dance night out with the hubby!


I really like the dress, I noticed that the collar was ripped in the seam but did not return it  because I wanted the dress and I loved the color.  If ever you have any dresses you want to give to me as a promotion for my honest opinion, I will be more than happy to help out.


The buttons are actual buttons, not just decoration, so you get the gap in them if you have any boobs at all. The bust is small. I have larger arms than most people, so I can't comment on the cap sleeves.


Awesome dress. I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. Great price and well made. It also arrived promptly. I purchased several more dresses.


This dress was absolutely darling and fit as expected - which is to say it was just shy of being roomy enough in the bust, a condition I am used to. Absolutely recommended, but I'd say they've been too generous with the bust measurements the dress will suit.


Another wonderful dress from this designer. A little too long and needed to be hemmed by my seamstress but a great color red & I do get compliments! Great backless style.


Like these dresses a lot!


Cute dress. Just too big in the bust. I'm usually a small but they didn't have the color I wanted in that size. So I went for a med, and based on their size chart I thought I would be ok. I could've actually done an XS but I decided to return it because it was for a costume, and by that time I was over it.


