The sizing is smaller than expected.  I ordered a large even though I usually wear a medium.  The large fits, but only just.  The material is fairly thick and not see through and its very flattering


For 20 bucks, you can't beat the quality.


I'm size 18 and the xxl fits like a glove. Much nicer fabric that I thought it would be. Great dress.


Wasn't to sure how this dress would look in person, glad I took a chance. Ordered the large just in case even though I am a size medium. Very well made I really like the black and white combination. It will very likely look nice with black and white accessories.


This dress is awesome. It's perfect for women with full breasts.


The fabric is nice, almost like a light weight twill so you don't need a slip. It is perfect for a special "all white" affair.


This one is a keeper!!!


This dress is the perfect fit for me, it's comfy, simple and beautiful at the same time. The dress is true to the image (which is rare for the price it was being sold for). The material used is of very good quality. I highly recommend this dress !


Love this dress, perfect for small chested girls, might be a bit snug if you're over a B cup. The small fit perfectly for me- 5'5 and 125 lbs. looked great with a petticoat underneath and was very easy to iron.


I really wanted to love this dress after admiring it online for a few months before buying it but it just didnt flatter my shape. It was also missing a button. The material was thin and soft. I would definitely order a size down, I ordered an xl (I wear a size 8-10/large-xlarge usually) to accomodate my chest but I was swimming in fabric.


Love this dress, had to return the first one, as it was too big. Ordered a size large and now it's great. I pair it with a 50's petticoat and it just adds that little extra oomph to the dress. It is very stretchy. I range between a 14/16 and the large is perfect.


Love this dress! It will look cute with a bright color short sweater this winter. I have not washed it yet and am a bit nervous after reading reviews of shrinkeage. Also bought a petty coat. Not sure if petty coat will make me feel costume like, for everyday wear.


I LOVE the dress! It's very cute and fun. Spinning in it gets a nice and flowy response from the dress, making it even cuter! Definitely would like to order one of the "stretch" kinds in a different color. Definitely happy with the purchase!


