I received this product in exchange for review. I am getting ready for a beach trip to Florida in October and have been shopping for some new clothes. I absolutely love this dress! It's the perfect maxi/formal dress. I would recommend to anyone! It fits very form fitting, though, so if you are trying to be modest, I would recommend ordering a size bigger.  My husband says it looks beautiful on me.


Dress is super cute. Fit as expected per the sizing chart. Material is nice and color is great. Over all a great value.


Received the dress on time. It's a gift, so I can't comment on the fit. Packaging was sufficient and the dress looks great. I would consider buying one for myself.


I'm 5 foot nothing, 160lb, with 36D bust and this fits me perfectly. I was worried about the buttons and my bust, but it actually isn't a problem! One of the best dresses I own.


I was a bit skeptical to buy this dress because I've always seen not so great reviews about clothes purchased from Amazon. However, this dress fit absolutely perfect! The fabric is a little darker than I expected it to be, but it's still gorgeous.


I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest opinion. Fits right but too long and a bit thin. Nevertheless i liked the fitting i also like the fabric hug your body and it's comfy.


This dress fits like a glove! I'm 5'6", 128 lb and it is not too long on me with heels. The unique color blocking on this dress makes me look like i have curves too. :) The quality of  stitching is pretty good, zipper in the back works with ease and no loose strings on the hem which i can't stand. Can't wait to wear this dress at a friend's wedding. Would highly recommend getting this dress to anyone!


I ended up returning this gift. I could tell when I buttoned it up that the buttons would fall off (the threads were already coming undone)


I loved this dress, it looks great on and was so excited to get it. Unfortunately I had to return it because someone else bought it and loved it too! The return was easy with no problems. I will definately use this seller again..


I loved this dress it's so nice and elegant.I wear a medium and it fit me so well I couldn't more happy with the size.It looks just like the picture and the color is exactly the same.


I received this item at a discount for my honest opinion.


