Absolutely love this dress...very well made & fit like a glove. The sash for the waist is removable..i actually wore it without the sash & it looked amazing. Made from a thick cotton...feels good on skin but wrinkles so so easily...wilk fed have to iron before wearing every time...putting n dryer will NOT work...lol


I live this dress. There was a delay of delivery but not from the vendor it was at one of the depots. The dr SS came packaged well in perfect shape. It is a non stretch material very clean and crisp looking. I didn't look to see the buttons were heart shaped but I can live with that. It fits perfect and looks perfect. I have no complaints. It is  constructed well quality fabric free of flaws. I would recommend this purchase if you like vintage look reproductions.


This dress is worth a lot more than what I paid. I was expecting to maybe wear one or twice, but is a quality piece of clothes. Fits well and is extremely comfortable. I wore in Jamaica on vacation and received A LOT of compliments. I’ve of my best bargain pieces ever.


I love this dress, it looks way more expensive than it is and I got a ton of compliments on it. It arrived quite wrinkled so you will have to give it a good ironing before you wear it.


The color is also beautiful.


One note on the size. I ordered a medium (I wear a US size 6, which I guess is small-medium) and it fits okay. It's a little tight in the chest, so if you're small but busty, go a size up and cinch the waist with the belt.


I LOVE the dress. So beautiful and elegant. Love the design and how it flows. I'm just so mad because it's super super long! I got a medium first but because it was seriously long, got a small bit I still have the same problem. I hate that I have to return it because even with heels, I would still be stepping on the dress. :( I'm 5.4' and weigh 113lbs


This dress is gorgeous and such great quality for a great price. I love it, only problem is I'm larger on top and the buttons won't button. I have to modify the look by wearing a black tank top underneath. I ordered 2xl and everything fits great except the bust area (I'm a 36DDD and it won't button up). I still love it though, looks cute unbuttoned.


I bought the Swing Vintage Party Dresses Multi Colored also by Anni Coco and *loved it* so thought I would try this. In both, I ordered a Small. The other one was a perfect fit. However, in this dress, the top gapes at one section, which shouldn't from the size chart (35-27-37). Everything about this dress is a tad smaller compared to the other one though I have no problems other than the button. I would have returned it but I wore it out.


I loved this dress.  It was put together very nice and the material would have looked fantastic once steamed.  But I had to return because the sides along the bust were cut to deep for me.  I had reconstruction surgery and it showed more of my scars than I felt comfortable with.


Very very fast delivery. The dress itself is really quite smashing. I'm 5 feet 2 inches, and about 130 pounds, with a bit of a baby bump (gave birth 1 year ago today). The small fits nice. (Slightly small in the chest, but I'm breastfeeding.) I'm always on the look out for clothes that look good (I'm a little vain), but are comfortable at the same time. This dress is perfect. A very stylish and unique dress. Easy to wash (gentle cycle and line dry). I'm very happy with this purchase and would recommend.


i am 5'2" and this dress fit me PERFECTLY. i weigh around 120-130, and i have a rather large bust (32DD) and waist/butt. this dress fit incredibly well! the material is a little bit stiff, but that will be fixed after wearing it a few times. while i usually struggle with button up shirts and the buttons gaping around the bust, this dress was perfect and had little to no gaping whatsoever! i am thrilled with the quality and outcome of this dress!


item arrived on time and was packaged very well.


