I wear an 18 and purchased the 2XL - it's a little tight but the stats show that size closer to a 16, which is why I say the fit is as expected. Very cute design and good cotton fabric. A little tight in the bust if you're chesty.


It's a beautiful dress! I'm a tad short and chubby. 5'2", 165 lbs. I had ordered a large which did not zip at all. Returned and bought the XL and it fit perfectly! Returning the item was also a piece of cake! Both times received the dresses in 2 days!


My wife ADORES this dress, and it fits perfectly, as described. She looks stunning, and the material is comfortable for her to wear. It is a great purchase!!!


Absolutely love this dress.  Wore it to work and got a ton of compliments.  The fabric is high quality but not at all stretchy so it was a bit difficult to get on/off since the only openings are the front buttons and they don't go down to the waist all the way.  Other than having to do a bit of gymnastics to get the dress on and off, I love it and it fit perfectly.  I typically wear a 16 and got an XXL and it fit great.


I love the dress. I have two slight issues with it. 1) It is really tight across the chest and I have to safety pin in between the buttons to keep it looking professional for work. 2) I wore it one day and it already had a hole in the lower part of the skirt. It is a very easy fix, but I was bummed to notice it. All over a great dress, especially for the price.


I received this dress and absolutely loved the fit. I'm wearing this to my bridal shower tea party brunch and it's perfect. I can't wait.


Loved this dress - the color left something to be desired. I love all my Anni Coco dresses I have bought, and this was no exception - trust me though, and don't get the white unless you want it for a costume. It looks very nurse-ish.


Fit perfectly everwhere but the bust. Way to small in that area and had ordered a size larger to be sure. Returned but will be repurchasing in larger size and hope for the best.


This is a beautiful little dress! I wore it for a work function, it was a little lowcut and the cutouts were a bi much for work, so I wore a cami underneath and got tons of compliments. It is lined and hung nicely.


I LOVE!!!! this dress it's feels so comfortable as the material is a very good quality I ordered a large, I'm 5'8 and 137 pounds it goes just slightly past the knees. I will definitely be ordering more


