The fit was good, but the front of the dress had this odd fold over at the top. It was annoying the entire time I wore it. It looked like it was not ironed and just sticking up. No clue if this is the way it's supposed to be, but didn't like that part for sure.


The dress is cute but it was too large for me.  I am 5' 6" and 116 lbs and I would l have to get it altered to keep it.  The material was a bit cheaper than I expected but I guess the dress has a reasonable price tag and that is probably one reason why.


I've been wanting a dress like this one for so long and now my life is complete! I ordered an M since I noticed the sizes run a little small and man did I make the right choice! The dress fit me perfectly! It will be my outfit for this Christmas :)


My daughter wore this to a Polka Party, everyone had to wear polka dots.  The dress fit perfect.  Everyone complimented on how cute the dress was.  Would definitely buy this again in a different color if I need another one


I am not really sure, maybe it is just me and the dresses; but these dresses (I purchased the Royal Blue, White and Red with White Polka Dots) fit me-- personally-- very horribly.


I am 5'3", 32B, around 140lbs I ordered size Small and I was swimming in material from top to bottom.. The shirred elastic bunched leaving a literal fistful of material around my back and no way of really adjusting the 'ladies' in front who had ample space 'to be free'.


For me-- when I put it on-- dress nearly met the floor, taking on more of a ball grown appearance, with barely two inches of ankle showing.


When I first saw these dresses I did not hesitate to purchase the three at once, because I just loved the style of the dresses and was beyond excited about wearing them; but I fear they are only for really tall people, who love tall, tall heels --well over three inches.


I think that in order for me-- personally-- to wear these dresses I would have had to wear seven inch heels, hem the dress eight inches and have my legs grow another five inches just for me to get that flowy look the dress has in the picture. I also would have had to take in the bust line quite a bit.


I was very disappointed that I could not keep these dresses, but they just didn't fit me right.


As for the material, they are a nice heavy weight cotton that is soft, but not as soft as you expect a dress to be. In fact, they kind of remind me of a couple of my holiday table cloths, which seemed to make the fabric fall nicely at least on a hanger -- or a tall person. But they did not appear to wrinkle -- at least not in the bag-- I cannot vouch for all day wear.


Return experience was smooth and swift.


This dress surpassed my expectations. I read mixed reviews but took my chances since it was so inexpensive and offered free returns. I usually wear a large and I'm 5'3" but purchased XL. A little roomy in the back and could have probably still purchased a L but I'm keeping. Can't wait for a reason to wear it!


This dress is magic! I love it, the color is fantastic and the fit is perfect! I went one size smaller which I'm super glad I did. It is a bit long so I may hem it up a bit but besides that its great!


Too small, arrived dirty, needed stitching. The breast area was disproportionately small, and gave me that weird "pectorals" look. The waist fit correctly but landed in the wrong spot.


My wife looks amazing in this dress, especially paired with a black petticoat.  She's 5'8" and 34D and a Medium fits perfectly.


Beautiful .. I normally wear a small in this style . .. I needed a medium in this.. lovely quality


