Bought a small size for my 11 year old who wears a size 5 in women's. Perfect fit. It looks tailor made on her. The quality is very high and it has a medium weight material,  not cheap at all. It feels expensive. Luv the heart shaped buttons.color is a fall type yellow not mustard at all. Feminine flair.


The zipper was horrible to mess with. It sticks bad. It really uncomfortable to tie in the back so I ended up Cross sewing it in the back. If you have a big chest area it's super tight.


I received my dress, I looked great but too small for my bust. I reordered a larger size. I got a notice that my dress was delivered and left on my front door. But I never received i was given a full refund. I'm a bit disappointed because I really liked the dress. Even though I like the dress I'm afraid to reorder another one again.


the zipper came from factory with issue that it gets caught halfway up. this makes it extremely difficult, if not impossible, to zip it while worn.


as far as rest of the item, it fit exactly what was being purchased for.


Absolutely perfect.  Fits exactly as expected--even a little better than I hoped if you go by the sizing chart--buttons don't even gap and fabric isn't the least bit sheer, which is a concern with this light of a color.  Looks adorable on!  :)  I love it!


Surprisingly well made for the price, i ordered up a size but could have stayed with my normal size as its a little loose at the waist and the fabric has some stretch to it, feels like a cotton spandex blend.


Purchased this dress as a gift for a friend of mine. It fit her perfectly & she loves it. I personally Iiked the material this dress is made of as it has a bit of a stretch to it though it is fitted where necessary. The garment is sewn nicely, hemming is done well, & seems to be made of quality. I would purchase another garment from this label again given the purchase price was also more than reasonable.


Looks Great! I bought it for my daughter, she likes it and says the material is ok, not great but ok. Nice design and perfect for a woman with a nice form.


Good quality!  This was my wedding gown for a beach wedding...I got tons of compliments on it!!!


Just a note...I wear a medium, I got a medium, it's a little bit loose, I should have gotten a small, but it's still totally wearable.


OMG - this dress fit's PERFECTLY! Order off the bust size. Higher quality (thicker) fabric. It comes heavily creased because it's folded so plan on letting it hang out in the bathroom for a good steaming before ironing. I will plan on hang drying this item.


