I bought the size in a size small and in the blue color. I am a 32dd, but my waist is 26 inches. The top part of the dress is a button up dress and I read reviews from some of the reviewers who seemed to have a similar size as me that the top part ended up being too small, which made me a little bit worried. I have a small frame and so the small fit well. My breast fit just right without being tight or loose. The waist however was a little to loose, but I did expect that because the size chart in the description provided by the seller said that the small is for a 28 inch waist. Also, the waist parr of the dress being loose didn't matter at all because I could tie the ribbon band that came with the dress tight enough to make the waist fit better. The dress comes a little bit past the knees for me. I am only 5 feet 3, so I was worried that the dress would be way too long on me and look awkward, but it doesn't look awkward at all in my opinion. I also really liked the heart shaped buttons because they look very cute on the dress. The material of the dress is very good quality; it is a thick and sturdy sort of fabric. Overall, the quality and design of the dress is very cute and beautiful.


I received this product at a discount for an honest review and everything written in this review are my own personal opinions and experience with the product.


In a way I hate to leave this review because this dress is beautiful however, I do want women to know if you typically wear a size 2XL this 2X will not fit you. It is more of a large perhaps. It is a fantastically lovely dress and if I could fit it. I would wear it often.


I did receive this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review. I do not under any circumstances give false reviews for items I received at a discount because I want people to understand and know if the product is really going to work for them. Please keep in mind, I do not give false reviews and I always provide an honest reaction to the product. Please keep that in mind when you are when you are reading my review. If you find my review helpful please click on the link below.


Love the dress! I am five feet ten inches tall and weigh 200lbs. I usually wear xlarge inordered xlarge and it fits perfectly and the dress reaches my knees making it the perfect length for me !! I have attached pics. Material is light but not thin, it's great quality. There is a little give becaus it's open back and it has elastic which allows for dress to fit better on different body shapes.


I received product at a discount in exchange for an honest review.


The Anni Coco Women's 1950's rockabilly Swing Vintage dress is absolutely charming. The second I saw it, I knew that I needed to add it to my closet. It shipped quickly and was packed securely.


The dress is very lightweight fabric, which is wonderful for the hot environment that I live it. The material has a tendency to wrinkle and needs to be ironed, but it's quite quick and easy to do. The sleeves are wide enough to be comfortable but not so wide that they show too much of the underarm. The heart-shaped buttons down the front unbutton all the way to the waist, and there is also a side zipper. I was surprised there were two openings to the dress. The fact that the dress unbuttons is nice because it's easier to get in, but it's also a bit of a drawback for busty girls like myself because I now have gaps between the buttons. This is something I'm used to, however, and I'm simply going to sew a bit of velcro on the inside of the front to keep things sleek and nicely closed.


The belt is detachable and can be worn with other things. I like this because I can pair this dress with a red belt and red heels, and it changes the look of the entire outfit. It's fun enough to wear for a night out with a nice crinoline underneath for fullness (not included) and professional enough to wear to work. What a beautiful little dress! I plan to buy one for my daughter, as well.


I was given this product free or at a discount in exchange for an honest review. This influences my review in no way.


Now that the weather is getting warmer, I am super jazzed to wear this dress.  The color is vibrant and I like the length and cut. The fabric is a bit stiff which is good when you are wearing it (the breeze can't kick up the skirt)... but you have to iron it and it wrinkles easily.


I ordered a Medium as I normally wear a medium. It fit as expected. I'm average on top (a C) and the top portion didn't stretch out too much... but it did depend on what bra I wore. Some bras with more padding, stretched the top of the dress so that there was a gap between the buttons. You could, also just leave the top button or two undone. I don't.


I like that I can wear it with cardigans and it's appropriate for the work place, but cute enough to wear whenever.


Here's some photos to help you.


If you found this review helpful please indicate so below by clicking the YES button.


I purchased this dress at a discount in exchange for an honest review. All thoughts are my own. Like you, I rely on reviews to help me when purchasing products.


I ordered a large on this dress, it fits perfect my measurements are 32 double D bus and my waist is 31 inches it is a nice fit for me the skirt is like 2ft long it is super comfy the four buttons are sewed on very well all the stitching/mending is very well very sturdy no fading no chemical smells it was very well packaged and it was shipped superfast I would definitely recommend the stress if you're doing like the 50s nights  sometimes a group of us get dressed and go to dinner and often in a town next to us we have plays and we all dress up I would recommend this dress to anyone looking for a 50s dress it's so comfy and nice fitting I did get this for discounted price as a sample for my honest review


This is my new favorite dress! I love vintage style dresses, especially those I can wear with my crinolines. This dress is perfect, and it is the perfect color orange. I am 5’3, and weigh about 130 lbs and am usually a size 6’ish. I ordered a size small, and it fits just as expected. Even better than fitting well, the length is perfect for me.  This is one of the very few dresses I’ve purchased where I won’t have to hem the bottom to fit me. The dress comes in a plastic zip style bag, with the brand label on the front and it has a nice brand label with a cotton string attached to the button hole.


PROS:


• High quality fabric, not see through at all.


• Fabric has stretch to it, and is soft!


• The dress is well made, seams are perfect. I can see this dress lasting me quite awhile!


• The color is beautiful; very bright and vibrant.


• The Fabric is easily ironed, and stays looking smooth


• The dress has a zipper on the side, under the arm pit. This really helps the dress fit the chest and torso area perfectly.


• Dress can be worn with the bow tied in the front, in the back, to the side, or with no belt.


CONS:


• The dress does not have any care instructions printed on the label.


•  I wish the belt had string loops to keep it attached. I know I won’t tie it well one day, I hope I don’t lose it. The upside to not having loops, is you are not forced to wear the belt.


It just so happens with orange being one of my favorite colors that I own an orange crinoline and orange heels that look beautiful with this dress. The crinoline really fills out the skirt. I’m ready to hit the town! I did receive this dress for a discount, in exchange for my honest opinion. The opinion I’ve expressed is my own, and I am in no way compensated for it.


I bought several of these dresses to wear as uniforms for a special event my staff and I participated in for a Macy's event. I have a tea party business (prettypartiesandfancyfavors.com) so the dresses went well with my vintage theme. We received many compliments! I will be buying more! Bravo on the design! The only suggestion I have is to add a XS small to your collection. Many thanks!


I love this dress. This is probably the cutest dress ever!!! I took pictures of myself in it & they in no way do this dress justice. This is a very durable well made dress. The fabric is very comfortable & flowy. The little heart buttons are adorable but stay firmly clasped without worry of a bosom being exposed. I felt so 50's in this dress as I went down the stairs & the long skirt flowed behind me... Not that I really know what it feels like because I was born in the 80's but whatever.  The fit is a little large but I did order a large so I kind of expected it but it has the tie for the waist so it works out perfectly. There is also a little pull at the chest but nothing really concerning.  I received this dress at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest unbiased review.


This dress is so pretty and modest. For me modesty is a big thing and this dress is perfect for me. The first day I wore it I received so many compliments  from adults as well as my students. the only thing was that The first Day I wore it one of the buttons fell off :( but I will be resowing it!  The dress itself is very comfortable and the fabric does NOT have a cheap feel or look to it!


I did receive this dress at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review. I did try the dress before I wrote my review so you readers would get my honest opinion. I know how important reviews are since I'm an only shopper as well and take reviews in consideration before making my purchase. I hope this review was helpful in some way.


