Beautiful dress.  So glad that I purchased this. Slightly tight under the arms, but not so much that I'd want to order a bigger size, fits great  everywhere else. I'm 5'5, 128lbs. I ordered a medium.


Nicely made from basic materials.  In order to get one big enough to fit around my chest...the waist is too big. The arm holes are a little bit off. A few little darts in the right places and this dress will be perfect. Only other issue for me is that this dress hits above the knee but again, for 20 bucks I'll make some alterations.


Needed this for a party in 2 weeks.  Need to find a halter bra as there is no support in the bust at all.  But otherwise it seems to be a decent value for the price.  Skirt is full and swishes nicely.  May even add a petticoat for more fullness


Cute dress, you MUST MUST MUST use the sizes provided by the company, NOT AMAZON's SIZE CHART!! I used my daughter's measurements, and the sizes provided by the company, and it fits super good!!


I really like this dress.  I love retro style dresses.  I got the gray to keep it more modest for work, but really like a lot of the other colors.  Very cute dress.  I am 5'7" and about 120 lbs. and I ordered a small.  It was a bit tight, but do-able, but I should have probably ordered a medium so you may want to order a size up from what you are thinking.


This dress is the BEST! So cute, sturdy cotton construction and very flattering to my curvy shape. Only thing is it does seem to run a little small. I usually wear a size 12 or 14, an L or XL. I had to buy a XXL in this dress.


5'1" 200 lbs (I'm working on it), XXL fit nicely and accentuated the right things for a Hollywood themed party.  I got a lot of compliments.  Normally I'm an XL so probably best to order a size up...


really like it- even cuter than i hoped for. great vintage details but not too much to wear for work. nice full skirt is nto too gathered and falls nicely. cap sleeves and placket are nicely made. will order more from this designer. awesome price and much nicer stretchy fabric than hoped for . great deal be sure to order US sizes


I wore this for my Alice in Wonderland costume on Halloween, but I'm definitely wearing it again! Its super cute and really well made. The blue is the perfect Alice-dress blue too. I think I'll have to get more colors soon!


Quality fabric, perfect color, great fit.  I am 5'7 150lbs I and 34DDD. The best is a little tight on me but the dress fits great. Ordered a size M. Wrinkles easily. My husband loves it. 4 stars because the dress does not flank out, rather lays a bit flat. Ordered a under skirt that will make it poof out a bit. Overall great buy!


