Dress looks very nice and my daughter loved it. She wore it the next day when the family went out for dinner and shopping.


This is SO flattering and cute! I got it for a costume but would wear it anywhere! Fits great, if you are on the fence about it... buy it!


Nice dress, better made than expected.  Small was still too big for my 5'1" 110lb girlfriend, however. (She typically wears a 0-4 depending on brand. XS-S at loft, S-M at Express).  They either need to eithet make an extra small, or ship it with some steaks.


awesome dress. still can't believe how great the quality is for the price.


used it for a 50's housewife halloween costume. bought a full slip to fill the skirt out.


planning on wearing it again minus the slip.


super comfortable, tons of complements.


I was a bit worried when I ordered this, as I didn't see many reviews for the larger sizes. The product description measurements are accurate, so check those! I am a size 18 in jeans, an XL in t-shirts (40DD bra), and weigh 274. The XXL fits me like a dream! I adore it! The waist falls a bit higher than pictured, but it still looks marvelous. The halter has adequate coverage so I'm not falling out but still feel sexy. I'd buy a hundred more of these!


True to size and color. I'm 5' 5" a 170lbs and order a large and it fit great.


Buttons are active and they stay close. The color is as pictured. I love the way it flares out at bottom.


Love, love this dress, it's also flattering to the waistline .


I would recommend this dress and seller.


i love it, it's simple yet elegant. i normally wear a medium so it did not fit the way id like. I am going to order a small in a different color. im 5"4 so i need wedges for it to stay off the floor...no problem with the stitching,zipper in the back . im still trying to figure out how to add pictures... good buy....


Runs small in the bust, but the cut is really cute. Still works, but if you are more than C cup consider sizing up.


This is a fairly cheap dress.  Very thin.  Mostly cotton and elastic around the waist.  It fit well and looked ok, but you really need to where the proper undergarments with it, it doesn't look good without it.


I bought this dress to wear as a minnie mouse costume.  It worked well for that with a black long sleeve shirt.


very cute dress. fits great. cool color. i tried it with a pettitcoat and it looks really cute (navy blue petticoat) but can be worn without one and looks adorable.


