Beautiful dress. I wear a size 10/12 in dresses and the medium fit perfectly with a little extra room too. I am 5'4", 165 and the skirt comes mid calf. I wear a 38dd bra and the top fits perfectly, again, with a little extra room. If you are full figured, this is a great dress that will hug curves and look amazing.


I'm 5'1 and 135 pounds, but I was a little nervous that the dress might run a little too small, so I ordered a medium. It fit PERFECTLY. I'm completely i love with this dress. I ordered it in red with white polka dots so I could dress as Minnie Mouse for Halloween and I got SO MANY compliments on it. I absolutely recommend this product and would also recommend purchasing a medium length petticoat for extra volume.


The back of the dress is super stretchy, so it could probably accommodate quite a few dress sizes and the hem of the skirt hit me at mid calf.


I wore this dress all day at the office and well into the evening trick-or-treating. It was very comfortable!


This dress is better than I expected, I'm 5'7 - 125 pounds- bra size 32 b, and it gets past my knees! I ordered a medium size, and it fits perfect, just a little bit big on the chest area.


I originally ordered X-Large because I am sort of in between sizes. It was slightly too large and I had a little gapping in the back. I returned it and ordered the large. It fits like a glove and it is so flattering on me. I  considering ordering more in other colors. My only complaint is it looks so nice my mother-in-law wants one too and I don't want to share.


I ordered a 3X to be safe I’m tall 6 foot in about 225 pounds the 3X fit perfectly has a little bit of stretch but not too much I wear a 40F and it does gGap the buttons in the front a tiny bitso if your stacked order a size up it’s sewn well, Very figure flattering and the Red is very vibrant. Definitely ordering another


It's a nice dress, the color is great and really vibrant just like the picture (I got royal blue). The fabric is also thicker than I expected, and a great quality for the price. My one problem is that it is a fairly large fit for a size small, which is my usual size. The cut around the torso is so loose and baggy that the back of the dress actually hangs open on me, and I will not be able to wear it as is. I am especially disappointed because this is the smallest size it comes in, so I can't even exchange it for one that fits. Be warned if you are a dress size 4 or smaller, this dress will not fit you well.


I tried it on as soon as I got it and I can't wait to wear it as one of my birthday dresses. I'm so in love with this dress.


The only thing I would like different is if it flared out a little more. But I'm happy with my purchase


Actually a cute dress for the price! The size chart is true to size. Others said it ran small so I went up a size and I should have bought a medium instead of a large. 5'8" 145 lbs.


Very nice dress in person. I love it! I bought the small. It was a bit snug but still it fit great. Might get a medium in the next dress. Will buy from again!


My daughter is a medium. I bought her a large and it barely fits.  But the cut is beautiful, it's well made and material is very nice.  It's soft but not so lightweight it bunches easily and won't hold shape.  It holds the shape very well.  The dress itself is a gorgeous design and color.


