I bought this dress because I loved my orange one. It fits the same. I love that it is plain. I can dress it up with a belt or jewelry. Nice fit for a full figured, short woman!


I like it a lot, but I am 6'1 and I admit the waist is a bit high on me, and it is a bit short too :) But I am used to dresses fitting me like this, it is very cute though ! I am wearing it anyway !


Absolutely gorgeous. Going to order another color. I am 5'6.5" 125lbs small was perfect. And long. I loveeeee it


Fit as expected. It is very spandexy, and not really shear but shows every flaw (cellulite, panty lines, etc).  Pretty cool design though, and looks pretty good with Spanx. I wore it for a dance performance, and with 20 of us wearing it, we made quite a statement!


The fabric is terribly stiff with no room for movement. As soon as I tried it on I took it off to return it. No second thoughts. It looks much better in the picture here.


Fit was small and strap came broken. It's an easy fix but the dress is made out of spandex type material that clings more then the picture leads to believe. I haven't decided if I'm keeping the dress or not yet.


the fitting is excellent.


The only problem is the dress fades...loses colour as soon as it's washed. Ends up looking like a very very old dress.


The dress was nice but the color is different than the photos. The photos look a little more mustard or goldenrod yellow and the dress is super bright yellow.


Dress is cute, but is somewhat small in the chest/bust area.  I ordered an XL and have to work to get my large size 40C busts into the dress.  The material is a cotton and would be better with a liner at the skirt portion. Also wish they would have included care/wash instructions on the tag of the garment.


I ordered a small grey dress. I am 5'3" and 115 lbs. The dress fit perfect. I will be wearing a red crinoline slip under to get that full look! It will be perfect for the graduation party I am going to!


