Great!


This dress is exceptionally cute, however I had to return it due to the size. I typically wear a size 6, and this Medium was too snug. I will be ordering the next size up, though, because it really looks great on!


This may be the cutest dress I've ever bought! I love it! I'll definitely be ordering this in a few other colors. Perhaps I'll change the buttons, so they don't all look the same.. and maybe trade belts or something. I highly recommend this beautiful, fun, lightweight dress.


I know other people have posted their weight, which doesn't really matter when you're buying a dress to fit. It's your measurements that you matter! So, my measurements are 33-28-38. Yes, I'm a pear. I ordered a small and it's even a bit baggy at the waist. I mean that in a good way. It's just loose enough over the chest and waist. Your hip measurements are kind of irrelevant if you like these fit & flare styles (which is why I love them so much.) The only problem is that the zipper is up the side and not in the back, so you have to pull it over your head. That could be a problem if you have wide shoulders but are small chested like me.


Beautiful dress. Lightweight. LOVE it! Really, I've got the other colors in my cart already. I'll add photos later.


Quality is better than expected, but I have to return because it's too tight on top.  Really cute dress though.


This dress runs a little large, but nothing a little bit of sewing cannot fix. It's cute and is pretty high quality especially for the price.


great for a halloween costume


Love it! Good purchase. Fits as described in size chart.


It really accentuates your curves, I'm regularly a size medium, however I got this in large and it fit perfect, not too loose not too tight and also te perfect height all the way to my feet.  If you have cellulite it will show.


Love the dress its made well,but if your petite the lenght will be a little long just below the knee.


Beautiful dress, but the chest area is a bit smaller than I anticipated. I would buy this in every color because it is so beautiful, but I worry purchasing another one that doesn't have the stretch material that the gray does.


