I absolutely love this dress!! I'm a full bust women and I wear between a size 16/18, 38dd and I'm 5 foot 7inches. I bought it as a XXL and it fits great, a little lose, but that's not a bad thing. The only issue is the fabric but for the price and how great it makes me feel, it's not a huge issue at all. It's just a little rough.


Looks great on! Love the vintage style. I'm between size 10 and 12 and ordered the large and it feels great, perfectly snug and doesn't feel like I need to constantly pull it up. Wish my bustline was slightly fuller, but maybe a padded push-up will help with that. It is going to take a considerable amount of time to iron it. But that is the only negative about the dress for me. The material feels like good quality cotton spandex, and the lining is well fitted. I am very happy with is item and would recommend it.


Got a Large, could have done with a med, but weirdly this dress is really versatile on different sizes and shapes. Its HIGH quality and adorable. More than you'd expect at this price.


Very comfortable and smooth dress. It is very soft inside nothing scratchy and is comfortable all day. I would say it might run a little on the large side not much however it's just that the elastic in the back is very comfortable and you do not need the zipper to close the dress. Nicely made


Very flattering cut body line-wise. I wish it were a little looser around the "bra fat" area. It was way too long (I'm 5'5") so I think the only way to avoid that is if you're 5'8" and up. Quality is nice, and I'm quite satisfied otherwise.


This dress is sooo cute! It was a little snug in the upper chest area, but since the cotton fabric has some stretch (spandex, my best friend) my buttons didn't pop!(lol) I would for sure recommend it. Just make sure if you're busty to order the next size up to be on the safe side. I normally wear 18-20 and I ordered the 2x...I was still very happy with it overall.


The dress shrank, and now doesn't fit properly. very dissatisfied. I was so in love when I first got it and is true to size before washing, but not happy that it shrunk.


It's great!!!The color is very beautiful!!!!


I wore this to a Fifties themed party, but it is definitely something I can wear again as a sundress.  The elastic smocking in the back made an easy fit for my big "girls", and very comfortable.  Tons of compliments!  I might order another one in another color.  The price is right!


Amazing, Fit as expected. great material. If you are looking to fall in love this is the dress. Will be buying from this vendor again.


