I have received many compliments on my dress! Absolutely love it!


The color was not like the picture ,it was too small and they didn't send me a receipt to return it


I really loved this dress and loved the way it fit me. It was a bit long, but I'm also short (5'3), so I'm used to that. I used it for Halloween for my Minnie Mouse costume. I tried on the dress when I first got it for about 15 minutes, then I packed it up and took it to Vegas with me for Halloween weekend. I put on the dress around 7pm and around 11pm-midnight or so (so not long) suddenly the zipper slowly started to come undone. The dress wasn't tight on me so that the zipper was being stretched or anything, it is just a terribly cheap zipper. When I say it started to come undone, I mean it was zipped up and as I was sitting I felt it slowly coming apart, even though the zipper was still at the top. As a matter of fact, the dress was so loose on me that I didn't even need to undo the zipper to even put it on, so I just stepped into it to put it on. Therefore the zipper was never even used. I was out in a lounge in Vegas when this happened and had to use paperclips to hold the dress together for the rest of the night because that was the best I could find to keep it together. Thank goodness I was wearing something under the dress or else a lot of people would've gotten a show.... So yea, loved the dress, but really upset at how cheaply made it was.


Cute dress but very cheaply made.  Seam was not stitched between the tie and bodice of the dress which left a hole in the dress.


Gorgeous! Well made.  It has become my favorite dress!!


Grand daughter hasn't worn it yet.  Only tried it on.  Runs small.


Beautiful dress. I am 5'5" and 150 lbs i orded a large and it fit perfect. So many compliments on the dress at the wedding I attended. GREAT buy!!!


Grea dress


Well made and fabric feels nice not cheap. Great dress for the price.


So I bought this in a large as I am a large in almost everything and it fit me, but they put too much material on the bust so that if you have large boobs your boobs will look unnaturally big! The dress is also way too long so that it touches the floor. I'm 5'8. I strongly advise you not to buy this because the material is cheaply made and it looks very tacky in person.


