can't beat the price on this red halter dress.  I got a ton of compliments from wearing this.  It does have an invisible side zipper if you need it, but the back provided enough stretch that I could slip this on and off over my head. I ordered the large and it fit wonderfully.  I'm 5'6 34E, 29 inch waist. for reference. It arrived folded and packed in a very nice anti coco zip lock style bag.  Any wrinkles fell out just by hanging the dress up.  super adorable tea length dress


This dress is 100% fabulous. I received tons of compliments on it. I even bought a 


 to go with it to give it the extra shape. I used the measurements from the pictures (vs Amazon's) and found my right fit, so make sure you do that before you buy. The red is as vibrant as pictured.


I've recently purchased this dress being 5'3" 115 lbs with a 32DDD bust I figured it'd fit me perfectly from all the reviews and sizing chart. I got it the day after expected due to it being Memorial Day weekend. I was super excited! The box was open before I even got into my apartment. That being said you could only imagine how disappointed I felt when I tried it on. The bust was rather large which threw me off. There was a lot of back material that when I tied the strings( these were to bulky to make any kind of good looking bow) together it would bunch up and just make the dress look bad. The mid-section was also very loose on me. In order to fix these problems I'd end up paying a little more than what the dress is worth in getting everything altered. The color of the dress was spot on to the picture and it did look really nice when I would grab the material to fit me like it made me believe. If they had an x-small it would've been perfect for what I needed it for.


I'm 5'3,132, and my bust is a GG. The medium got perfectly. It looks exactly like the photo and it arrived earlier than expected.


This dress was really pretty, and I wanted to be able to wear it, but after looking at the guide on their images and my sizes (16/18) I bought an XXL which was still to small. If this dress fit the cut was pleasing, through a little shorter then I has hoped, but would have kept it.


This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.


For the price this dress in fantastic! The fabric is better than I expected. The fit is a little large, but that's a good thing. if you are between sizes i would go a size down. I love the lining in the halter top makes for a better look. I returned mine because the color wasn't quite right for my occasion, but will probably purchase another one in a different color and one size down.


I adore this dress! Bright colors are my favorite. Add cute heart buttons and a little ruffle, and I hit buy so fast I nearly got a finger cramp.


It was even better when I got it. The cut is very flattering, and the fabric is durable and a little stretchy. I ordered the orange color, and it's a true orange rather than a coral.


My details: 5'3", 155 lbs, 36B bra. A Large is a perfect fit for me.


This dress is great! I'm 5'11 and wear anywhere between 18-22 depending on the brand. Theres a lot of elastic in the back so there's a lot of wiggle room. At my height, it still hit well below my knees.


The fabric is sort of like a canvas, and I was expecting it to be a LITTLE less structured. The reason i gave it 4 instead kf 5 stars is because of the invisible side zipper. I just left it zipped and slipped it over my head (those things are a pain!!)


The top is lined in a really soft fabric, so you don't have to wear a bra.


Overall a very cute, girly, retro dress that can be worn as a costume or a really cute homage to retro ladies.


Runs small, but other than that it's a great dress for the price. The only reason I gave it one star less is because it got a tear right around the zipper after only wearing it twice and very carefully washing/drying it. It's an odd tear and it can't be fixed because of where it's located. But that's to be expected for a dress in this price range. The color is lovely.


I love the dress. Its a lot thinker and longer than I imagined. The only thing i didn't like is the back. I do have some back fat but it usually isn't bulging out. The elastic on the back of the dress somewhat accentuates it(?). It's odd. The elastic doesn't stretch much with you as one would to think. And instead sorta is just there. I'm 5'3 170lbs and my bust is 32D. I ordered a large and it seems to fit fine ^^


