The dress itself is beautiful, except I ordered creamy  white,  but it looks yellowed  from  sunlight.  It also looks  to be  laundered,  and smells of  laundry detergent  I already  ordered  another one  in another  color. Was supposed to be  new.


The dress was cheaply made and does not look like the what's on the advertised model!  The length is short not long, squeezes the hips, and the material was like a slip!  It was very see through and you can see the bad tailoring.  I had to pay my more money to ship the atrocity back!  If you have bad products, at least add free shipping or offer something better!!!  Not recommended at all.


It's gorgeous and I look forward to wearing it. I'm a size 10 but the chest is a bit big. I will take it in. Zipper sticks a little, but works. Super cute.


The style of the dress is adorable. However, I packed this for a European vacation and it was a wrinkled mess. The wrinkles come back as soon as you have ironed. Also, this dress requires a slip because the material is thin. It fit as expected but I would line dry to minimize shrinking.


It is a little bit shorter than I hoped, but other than that, fits wonderfully.


My wife is 5'7", 145 lbs. It's quite difficult to find knee length dresses, this one comes to just a few inches above her knee while standing, but with the lay of the skirt, is to her knees or more while seated.


This dress is very cute, and is exactly what is pictured. The material is somewhat thick, which I like. The dress is perfect for a costume/dress up kind of thing, but durable enough to be used everyday. The top part is a little snug, but only because my proportions don't fit standard sizing. I ordered a medium, so it fits my waist perfectly. I ordered the yellow, and it very closely matched the picture. I'm very satisfied with this purchase.


very nice dress as pictured, but bodice area is not padded at all. I ordered a Large and it was an exact fit and very tight on my boobs. I should have ordered up a size, I am a bit curvy. Smaller frames would have no problem ordering their correct size.


Cute dress and fits perfect on me, but but very cheap fabric.  Would give it 5 stars if the fabric was better, also it won't fully iron.  Other than that the dress is nice looking.  I'm afraid to wash it too being that I read reviews saying it will make the fabric look even worse.


Fits perfectly and it really angles the body nicely. I bought it so that I Could wear it to church (with a cardigan or something to cover the arms), but I think it would be fancy enough to even wear it to a party/wedding. Material and sowing seems to be of good quality as well. No complaints.


This dress fits nice and comfortable.  Very flattering.  I wish they had more colors because I would buy each one :).  Looking around now on Amazon to see if I can find something close to this style and fabric.  Can't wait to wear it when it gets warmer.  Got the perfect shoes to go with it too!  Will update with a picture when I do wear it.


