This dress fit perfectly on me. I am 5'3" and it does not fit snuggly. It ha an elastic back to prevent any tight fit and you can comfortably move. The material is great and not too thin or to thick to wear in the summer months. I post these reviews in hopes that others like myself who are looking to buy things online can get a review based on real customer experience. I received this product at a discount or for free for an honest review. I am by no means affiliated with this company.


i love the dress, the dress fits exactly as it looks on the model.,very classy looking shipped really fast and it came way earlier than i expected, the material is great and I got many compliments! will definitely buy from this seller again!! i highly recommend this dress..


I received a discount on this product in exchange for an honest, unbiased review. This review is a reflection of my own personal experience and has not been influenced in any way.


I love the classic look of this dress and the comfortable cotton fabric! For sizing, I'm 5' 7", 135 lbs, size 6, 34B, and the Medium is a good fit. Even if you're more busty, I think this would still fit well, thanks to the neck straps. Can't wait to wear it to a swing dance!


This dress is gorgeous! This is the third dress I've purchased from Anni Coco. According to their size chart, I purchased this in an XL - it fits a little loose in the shoulders, but overall it's perfect. The fabric is slightly elastic and has a bit of give to it.


The dress arrived folded up in a plastic bag, and as a result it was pretty wrinkled. I threw it in the dryer for 10 minutes with a wet paper towel (because I don't believe in ironing) and the wrinkles fell right out. There are no sewing imperfections, the side zipper runs smoothly and all of the buttons are securely fastened.


The length of this is a little shorter than I expected. It comes slightly above the knee on me. I'm 5'3.75" tall, and based on the photo I expected it to be a little longer.


Overall though, this is a great dress!  It is identical to the photos, and the color is the same hue of yellow that's pictured.


I received this dress at a promotional price for the purposes of providing an honest and unbiased review. This is my genuine experience with it! :)


First, this is a very cute dress.  I found it a little too tight around the chest area and too long in length.  I can fix the length.  The tightness in the chest area wasn't too bad because the material does give some.  It wasn't like I had to hold my breath or anything, I could still breath just fine.  The upper portion is form fitting down the torso and then gives.  The pattern is very flattering.


*I received this dress at a discount in exchange for an honest, unbiased review*


I just got this dress today and had to put it on. I love the "vintage" look of dresses so I definitely wanted to get this when I saw the great pattern on the dress. It fits as expected, I was worried it would be too small but it actually fits a little bit big on me. It is a nice feeling material, I thought it may be cheap when I initially purchased but am pleasantly surprised at the good quality of the material. Disclaimer I received this item at a discount for my honest unbiased review


I love just about anything vintage, so when I saw this dress, I had to have it! I felt like a 50's girl with this on!


The color looked gorgeous against my skin tone and the classic design fit just right, in all the right places.


The only con I have is that I wish it was just a little bit longer, but I have freakishly long legs, so that wouldn't be a problem for others.


I received a discount on this dress in return for my unbiased review


I received this product catalog discount price to leave a honest review.  First I love the fabric and colors very pretty.  I got it in a large which was way to long on me since I am short but still had issues zipping it up I am a 32 in the chest so shouldn't of been a issue the zipper got stuck half way down when I unzipped.  I was able to fix it without breaking it completely.  I still love the dress but the chest area and zipper needs work.


Cute dress! Im a 42 bust, 37waist, 44 hip and i ordered a Size XL. I'm normally a large. It fit well, I think if I got a smaller size, it would have been snug. Super cute dress!! I want this in every color!


This dress is too cute! Exactly what I was looking for. For reference, I am 5'4, 158 lbs, 38-30-39, and purchased a size Large. It fits perfectly and is super comfy. I zipper is a little sticky, but size-wise, I didn't have much trouble zipping it as another reviewer suggested. It's definitely worth picking up.


