This is a very pretty dress! The material is not skimpy or cheap, but  has a good heft to it. it fits as expected and there is a slight stretch to the fabric so I found it comfortable to wear. This is perfect when I wear my tulle petticoat underneath. The skirt flares nicely and gives it a real vintage rock-a-billy look. Love it!


Absolutely LOVE this dress! Just bought another in black.


I bought the light blue and the color is EXACTLY as pictured. The dress is very flattering and fits beautifully.


My only complaint is that the zipper broke on my 3rd wear, and with just a light tug on the lower half of the dress. I bought a matching zipper for about $10 & I'm having a friend replace it!


This dress hits me just below the knee, I'm 5'9", and is great with or without a crinoline.


Exactly as pictured, very comfortable, only reason I am deducting a star is because the white is definitely sheer. I have this dress in a few other colors/prints and they are much thicker and opaque. Stretchy, comfortable, formal enough for a cocktail party and casual enough to wear to dinner.


We ordered this dress for my daughter for a musical she is in.  We didn't want to spend a lot of money because we weren't sure she would wear it again.  It fits her perfectly and is so pretty.  She is petite and the length is just perfect for her.  I highly recommend this dress to anyone who wants that 50's feel!


SO CUTE!!! HAD TO HAVE MY GRANDMA IRON IT BUT THAT'S TO BE EXPECTED. i PROBABLY SHOULD HAVE ORDERED THE XS BUT THE SMALL FIT FINE. I AM 5'6 AND 130ISH LBS. I AM RATHER FLAT CHESTED SO THE CHEST PART WASN'T 100% FIT TO ME BUT IF I REALLY WANTED IT WOULD BE EASY ENOUGH TO ALTER. ALSO IT IS A VERY THICK FABRIC AND FEELS LIKE IT WILL LAST A WHILE!


Beautiful, comfortable dress that looks great on. The material is slightly stretchy, which allows for a little wiggle room. I paired it with a petticoat underneath for some extra lift to the skirt. It was perfect for my 30's reenactment of a Dillinger robbery that took place in our town. ☺


This dress is gorgeous. However... if you think you will need an XS, don't purchase. I am usually an XS in dresses, but they didn't have that size, so I purchased a S. it's gorgeous, but a little big on me, especially at the top. I also wouldn't recommend the yellow color unless you have the skin tone for it. The yellow is extremely warm toned, so it brings out all the redness in my skin. That's purely bad decision making on my part. Anyway, it's a gorgeous dress, but if you're tiny like me, I'd purchase something else!


According to the measurements given, I needed a large for my waist, but a small for my chest. I decided to try a medium since there was return shipping. I am so happy at how it fits. I'm 5'6" and the length is about the top of my knees. I would have preferred a couple inches longer. I know some reviews said it was cheap material that doesn't stretch, but I didn't find that to be the case. I love the dress and have gotten a lot of compliments while wearing it. I could not find a tag with washing instructions so I washed it in cold water and hung it to dry.


Such a cute dress. Well made. Good slightly stretchy fabric. I would say that if you're blessed with a large bust this dress might not fit you as well as it fit me


The dress is alot of material and goes down to my mid calf. The material is thick and stretchy which I like. Overall it's a great dress just too long.


