I have designer dresses that I paid a lot for and they did not fit as well I was surprised at this price point I could get such a well fitting gorgeous dress the dress fit good the material was good I am ordering another color that's why I give it five stars


I wear a medium but got the large and it fit perfect with little room I love it.


I received many compliments!


I bought this dress to wear for my birthday and it was a home run! It was comfortable, fit my chest right, and kept me cool in the nearly 100 degree heat. I am ~5'7", weigh ~205-210 and have a 40 inch bust and a 37 inch waist. The 2XL fit me fine and I didn't even need a bra.


Bought the white and red polka dot swing dress ( sz L - 5'8", 176 lbs) and both fit perfectly...can't wait to wear.  The fabric was good quality as well,


This dress is super cute!  I was at a 4th of July party where people were swilling tequila and blowing things up and got a ton of complements!  Maybe it was the tequila, but I really think it was the dress!  The fabric is thin enough that I was comfortable at 85 degrees...yet not so thin that I feared ripping or transparency. It's sassy, but not formal and I wore a petticoat under it. Typically I wear a large but after reading some of the reviews decided on the XL which fit perfectly. I'm 5'7" and weigh 155-160.


Very classy and beautiful. Awesome for an anniversary or special event.


amazing dress high quality and it fit perfect


For the price I was a little worried but Oh so shocked when i got it and I tried it on


I will be trying one with a pattern now.


A little short for my taste but overall it's a cute dress. Good material. I'm 5'5" 175lbs size 10. The large was a perfect fit with the spandex.


I ordered this dress in a medium due to other customers' feedback and it was perfect.  I wore it to a 50s themed party, but it is so cute I think I'll wear it for other occasions. The fabric and fit are both much better quality than you would expect for $20. Great buy!


I like this dress, however I wish there was a black panel in the back as well. The dress seems half finished, and it's a little see-through on the back due to the light color. Very pretty though.


