The white dress is nothing like the photo and it's a terrible fabric. It feels like it should be s table cloth not a dress.


Dress fit tighter than expected. It was also too long for my short legs. If it hadn't been too long, I would buy it in a size larger, but I would have needed to wear 6 inch heals so the dress didn't drag the ground.


Terrible fit. Just poorly made and cheap. Not worth it if you are needing it last minute. You'd most likely need alterations, and even then the quality is just cheap. Like the way those paper cloth dresses feel.


The dress is super cute and flattering, but the button falling off the very first time I tried it on was a HUGE disappointment. Now I either have to sew (and I don't have time for it!) or return it based on the poor quality.


Fabric was decent. Dress was too long, to my calf. It has heart shaped buttons, which I couldn't see in the pic. Would look suitable on a teenager but not a 30-something. Cute but not very mature looking.


What a cute dress. Oh my. It fit a bit big on my boobs I'm DD. I got the large but everything else fit perfect. This dress is sexy and elegant. I got it so I can dress up with my baby 1st birthday as Minnie mouse with her and this dress its just right for that day. I will definitely use it more often. Specially for nice and hot days, It goes with nice heels and a knot headband. I am very happy with it and recommended to anyone. Well worth the money.


The dress is very pretty, but it is a lot shorter than pictured. I'm 5'8" and most models are between 5'6" and 5'10", so I expected the dress to have a floor sweeping effect...no such luck. Not exactly a maxi dress. I'm a little disappointed.


Everyone said to size up so I did and it was swimming on me! It seemed like great quality. Not flimsy. It would have been perfect for mate emt if the fit was correct. I ended up returning it.


Even cuter than I expected! I want one in every color. I ordered an XL, I'm between a size 12-14. It is a tiny bit loose.


I also ordered the petticoat to wear under it. Very good quality fabric, love the heart shaped buttons. I would buy more items from this seller.


I was leary of buying a dress online,  but I'm thrilled with the purchase.


Very pretty dress, but far to tight around the ribcage. I like the dress, but was difficult to breathe and move around. If I were to reorder, I would get a size or two larger


