I LOVE this dress. Unfortunately it makes my chest look smushed, there just isn't enough fabric for me up top. I'd go a size up, but it fit perfect everywhere else :(


I will be returning it with regret.


It's better then I thought love love love it. Was worried about the size but it was a little bigger then I expected it to be


::::: this is the second dress I have bought love them I bought them for a wedding and we can't wait to wear them as brides maids


For the price of this dress... I would say it was a total hit... yes, it's not the best material... but what do you expect for a dress that's less than $30... It fit as it was expected and fit the purpose I needed it for... will buy again from this seller...


I'm 5'8, 145 lbs and the Medium fit me well. The bow is a little hard to make look nice, I'm not sure if when I wear it, I'll use the belt.


Love this dress!  Perfect for my occupation as a teacher in the humid state of GA!  It's not heavy and is breathable.  Great purchase!


This dress is amazing! I am 5'7" and 150 lbs, the medium fits me


I bought this as a gift for my daughter and we were both so pleased and excited about this dress.  It fit perfectly and is so cute!


This cute dress fit as I expected just by following their sizing chart. I was surprised by the length of the skirt, it actually came down to in between my knees and ankles. Nothing I can’t hem up though. The dress did come completely wrinkled since its cotton and was stuffed in a bag. But nothing a wash and iron can’t fix. Cute dress, great for the price, would recommend if you’re looking for a simple comfortable dress!


My daughter loves this dress and it fits her well. But it is linen, so it wrinkles VERY easily. Would probably be ok if starched.


Great price $17 but not super great quality, cheap straps at top, looks classier and more expensive in pictures then real life, good for cruise, more of a maxi dress then an elegant dress that's for sure but it's pretty


