I love love love this dress! I was skeptic at first over the color.. but it is absolutely beautiful! It's just the right amount of retro and fits like a glove. To put in to prospective, I am a size 14 in jeans and a 36G in bra size, I purchased the xl, it is tight but not too tight and still have room, it is very comfortable! I wold certainly purchase again. I feel like the quality is excellent as well. Also, incase you may wonder the material is stretchy!! This dress has easily become my favorite already.


Disclosure : I received this dress at a significant discount or complimentary for my honest nonbiased review. I hope my review helps with your purchase :)


Sexy but tasteful! This is not a see through dress. It's not super thin. The material is pretty substantial. I wore a shaper underneath it and you couldn't notice every line, so I think it's perfect. The black and nude colors really create the hourglass illusion and the neckline is so flattering. THe bottom has a little extra material (like flare leg jeans) so it has more movement to it, which is really nice. I am 5' 1" and it's a little too long for me, but I expected that. Nothing a pair of heels can't remedy. My husband thought this was a knockout and it really made me feel great. the only challenge is having somewhere to wear it too. I received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review. All opinions are my own.


I ordered a size larger than what I normally where because of the reviews I had read. So, instead of an x-large, I got an XXL. I wear a solid size 12 in jeans and usually when I buy dresses I get them in an x- large when ever they are sized S-XXL. I tried on the XXL and it fit me perfectly. My advice when ordering this dress is to order a size larger than you normally wear. It very stretchy material and is designed to fit the torso snugly. The only issue is that I'm 5'6 and the dress is really long. I received this dress at a discount in exchange for my honest review.


I love this dress.  I love the vintage look of this dress.  Some of the features of the dress I like is the elastic back that help stretch so you don't have the back fold over the dress that I will sometimes get.  I like that the halter part is also adjustable so you can make this as tight or as loose as you want.  For a big chested person this is great and it cover the back area so you can wear a full coverage strapless bra without it showing.  I was going to wear this for a Halloween 50's theme costume but I love this dress so much that I'm planning on wearing this all time.


Another thing I like about this dress is that it's breathable so you can wear this in the summer/ fall time.  I received this item on discount for my honest review.


Pros: I absolutely love this dress! I paired it with black leggings and it looked phenomenal! The color is exactly as you see in the picture. It's also stretchy which allows for flexibility and more comfort. I love how conservative it looks and how classic I feel when I wear it. I'm a Packers fan and the color fits my favorite team.


Cons: Length. It's shorter than expected. The belt is detachable and has to be placed through the slots. So don't loose the belt. I like though that you can get another fabric to go with it and use as a belt.


Would I buy it again? Yes. Most definitely.


Issued a discount for my honest opinion.


This dress is very comfortable. The material is a little bit stretchy so it fits to your body very nicely. It seems to be of high quality material and well made. There is a zipper down the back that makes it easier to get in and out of. I like that the halter straps are ones you tie, so that part is totally adjustable. The bottom of the dress has a lot of fabric so if you spin in a circle, it flares out! I really love the colors. It looks vintage and modern at the same time. The length falls a little past my knees (I'm 5'5). I ordered the size large and it fits very comfortably (I usually wear a size 10). Overall it's very pretty, comfortable, and fun to wear. I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review.


If it had fit I totally would be keeping it.  It is cute 50s style dress but it is also a 50s sizing chart because there is no way that this in an xl in today standards.  You can't go off the amazon chart on this.  I am having to return it as there is no larger size available.  I would say maybe the xl would fit a ladies size 10, maybe.  I received this as a promotional test product at a discounted price to test out and review.  This is my limited and unbiased opinion.


I am 5'4", 130 lbs, smaller chest.


I ordered the size small (in black) and it fits like a glove.  Fits so well that I just wish they had a hook and eye in addition to the zipper to make it easier to get in and out of.  Picture was taken after I machine washed and dried it.  Nice heavy material.


Goes down to top of my knees.


Before I get into the negatives of this dress, I want to mention the positives. It's absolutely gorgeous looking. Sometimes dresses you order online come in looking NOTHING like their pictures, but this dress was not one of those. It looks identical to the product picture. The material isn't flimsy at all. It's a really nice quality dress. (And the polka dots don't make my curvy butt look more so, which is a huge plus.)


The issue I had with this dress is though it fits perfectly in my stomach area, these chest area is too large. There's a huge gap, as you will see in the photos that I will be attaching to this review. Luckily for me, I have a friend who is a seamstress and can fix the problem so the dress fits me the way it should.


Also, the belt could have been a tad bit larger.


Disclosure: I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.


This dress is so cute! It is a little shorter than I expected. I am 5'8 and long waisted so this dress covers about 3 inches below my behind so sitting and bending is impossible unless you have skirt extender slip. (which i happen to have). This dress wrinkles pretty bad  so expect to iron it every time you wear it. I mostly wear this dress casually it fits well pretty much everywhere else. Paired with my pearls and cute shoes its great for a shopping trip or a casual night out for drinks, I received a discount on this product in trade for a fair and unbiased review for this Item.


