The dress itself fits great and looks great.  However - trying to tie the bow like in the picture was impossible.  I will be returning this dress because without the bow the dress is not complete.  Perhaps the bow could come tied???


I love this dress. The back having an elastic piece helps with the fit in the bust. The downfall is that after a couple of times wearing it, the elastic has stretched. Safety pins are my friend.


I love this dress.  I like clothes roomy, so it being a bit large was perfect for me.  It is incredibly adorable on and very comfortable.  The material is thick enough no slip is needed.  I can't wait to wear it to work!


super cute dress!  i read the reviews and was glad i ordered up because it does run small.  i'm pretty short, and it's the perfect length for me, so beware to the tall ladies.  :)  i definitely get a lot of compliments for the bold color too.  added plus.


It was a bit small but not bad. i love the dress and can't wait for it to get warm to wear it.  it is very comfortable and very very cute. now i have two dresses from this seller and will definately be getting more


All the reviewers along with the sellers suggested sizing pointed towards me needing a small, and a medium definitely would have been too big, but the small is pretty tight in the chest area. Some of the buttons gap on top. Super cute, but I guess not made for bigger chests


The dress fit perfectly but it was missing a button. There are no signs of a button EVER having been sewn into the fabric in the spot where the button should be. Clearly a manufacturing error. I have never had to experience sending back a garment, so I'm hoping this company can make it right and in time for my birthday party on May 5th. I love the dress and the fit so much, I'm prepared to add the red, and gold one to my collection if this company proves worthy. Stay tuned!


This dress was PERFECT for my daughter's I Love Lucy themed birthday party. I couldn't believe how authentic the dress looked and no one could believe this was an Amazon find! The color was GORGEOUS. I'm 5'0"  if that helps anyone get a visual on how long the dress is. I purchased a size 2


Not the best for a shorter curvy body type.  I may be able to wear it if I lose some of my curves, but probably should have returned it as I don't like the way it currently fits.  Would probably be very cute on someone taller/slimmer.


I am 5'7" and 135lbs. The small fit me perfectly, I did have the waist taken in a bit but that is just me being particular! What is amazing is that you cannot see through the white. It will be great for the Glow party on my cruise!


