My husband purchased this retro-style dress in 3 colors for me; Stretchy Grey, Purple and Yellow. They were all sized large since I'm currently a nursing Mother with a 34H bra, 38.5 Bust, 30 Waist, 41 Hip and wear a size 10 dress. I have mixed reviews.


The Purple and Yellow dresses were just as pictured with a medium stretchy fabric. They're a bit loose on my waist but if I went any smaller, the cute heart buttons would all pop open. Besides, the length runs perfectly an inch below my knees on my 5'3" frame. I'm very pleased with these retro-styled dress and can't wait to wear them out.


Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the Stretchy Grey dress. The color is lovely but the material has too much stretch in it. This caused an inconsistent 1-2 inches of fabric loss on width and length of dress when I compared all the dresses. It was most noticeable in the short torso and the zipper. This "large" is a size medium dress. Sadly, it didn't fit right on me so I'll be returning it.


I do want the rest of the colors so I'll definitely add them to my wishlist. Will recommend this dress on all colors except for the Stretchy Grey.


Overall, I love this dress! It's got a nice amount of stretch and the fabric is sturdy. It washes well and irons nicely. I deducted a star because there are quite a few loose thread ends and there was a very small stain on the shoulder but it's covered by the collar so you can't really see it and I'd already washed and dried it so couldn't return. I'm 5'7 and it hits right at the knee. I have a 38" bust and it fit just fine with only minor pulling at the buttons when "the girls" weren't adjusted right.


Super cute. A little tight in the arms and the buttons in front are stressed, but I think I can use safety pins or just sew the front closed and use the side zipper. I'm 5'10 and it's just above knee length. Light, crisp material.


I bought this dress in Navy and I really liked it, so when I saw that I could get a discount for it, I bought another one in yellow. I did get a discount for this review, but I left the first review after getting the navy one, and I just got the yellow because it is super cute and why not have a brighter color too?


the material has stretch to it, so it is forgiving.


Super cute and fit perfect. You can add flair by adding a crinoline or keep it simple and wear alone. Great summer dress for party's or just when you want to feel pretty. I got several compliments on this dress. I always add a belt to add a pop. My only minor complaint is the material is scratchy and wrinkles are a problem. Best way to remove wrinkles is to get the spray and then let it hang on hanger after spraying it with the wrinkle reducer. All other methods tried just made it worse!


I wear a size 14 dress and I bought a size XL in the sky blue color. It fits well. I'm 5'9" tall, and this dress comes just below my knees.  I've got a 42" bust, and the bodice fits perfectly.  There is room in it...so if I went up to a size 16, I could still wear it.


The fabric is a medium weight. Not thin and flimsy, and not thick and heavy. The fabric is not stretchy. The dress is very comfortable to wear. If I needed another dress, I would definitely consider this one in another color.


I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.


I came across this dress and loved it! It is going to be for a wedding! After asking questions and trying to figure out which size to buy, I ended up getting a small and it fits perfect! I am 5'1 and 121lb. I had a baby 4 months ago, so I really had no idea what size to get. I am happy with a small! It fits great. I'd say a small is more like a 4-6 size small though, not a size 2 or 3.  I love how the length too. Grey is really pretty- and it is not often you get a product that looks like the picture.  But this one does and I am excited to wear it all day!


This is one of those dresses that looks like it's made of hour glass figures, but actually is made to make straight up and down ladies look like they have an hourglass - in other words, this will never fit me in any size, because for the hips to fit, the chest is too tight, and for the chest to fit correctly, my bottom half will be drowning in fabric.  Curvy girls beware.


That said, crazy high quality goods they make for very cheap prices.  Again with the perfect stitching, high quality fabric, etc.  I remain super impressed with the Anni Coco items overall.


I am 130 lbs 5'6" and I ordered medium. Fit's beautifully. I don't know how it would be for larger chested ladies but the material does stretch. I'm an a cup for reference there is definitely room for more than that without looking too big for me like I said the material stretches. I want to order another in a different color. The material is great quality. Looks EXACTLY like the picture. It's absolutely beautiful.


My daughter purchase this dress online for a Christmas recital. It looked stunning on her and she received many compliments. She is disabled and uses a wheelchair but you could still see the flair and the beautiful cut of the dress. It is an absolutely beautiful dress, wonderfully swingy design, heavy cotton material. I could not believe how little she had paid for it! We wish it came in more colors (she doesn't want polka dots). My only complaint is that the zipper tended to get stuck in a seam. At one point I thought I had broken it, but we were able to pull it back together and it held, but was still a bit sticky over the seam.


It fit like a glove.My bustline is a 38G so I took a major risk purchasing something like this online. but it fit and was able to enjoy myself  and dance the night away in an item that was very well made.


