Bought this for my wife, and all I can say is she loves it and she looks fantastic in it.


Dress is nice but while ironing it I discovered a small hole in the front of the skirt.


Made very well. I wear a size 16 and purchased a XX Large and it fits perfect.  I love it.


Very cute dress and fit pretty well.


Love this dress. Boyfriend said "wow" when I tried it on. I'm 5'8 and it hits the floor almost. I can't wait to wear it out! Very flattering


Good


Love it! Read the reviews that said to get a larger size due to the dress running small. I am a medium and large is to big on me so I went with the the medium anyway and it fit perfectly!


I'm 5' 3", 140 lbs, 36C bust, 30" waist and 40" hip. Ordered a small. It fits just a bit snug at the side of the breast, for me. I spill over the side some where that little pinch of side-meat is visible from the front. If you reach in and pull your breasts inward/ upward, it creates this weird flattening effect. Loosens up some over time, but you'll have to adjust the tie here and there. The material is kind of cheap, reminds me of a stiffer-type tablecloth. Not a fancy material as the picture makes it look. It also isn't a true white, but I guess the description does say 'creamy white'. I had it pressed and it worked fine for the event I needed it for, the fit through the rest of the dress is great. I wore a petticoat underneath, and where the waist of it creates that crease in the stomach, it's very noticeable through the dress fabric. The fabric actually wrinkled/ creased in that area. Will need to steam-press it back out. Not sure if this will hold up in the wash, as is recommended, think it'd be garbage afterwards. Overall, okay dress, maybe in a patterned color it'd be better, but, I probably wouldn't spend more than $10 for this dress off the rack. Wasn't worth the $35 I spent on it including shipping.


I did not love the feel of this dress. The fabric was coarse and did not lay nicely in the skirt. It was also shorter than the picture shows. It is not floor lenght.


Material is thick and of great quality which is surprising considering the low cost.  I love this dress.


