The dress itself is beautiful, however I merely have a b cup and can not button up any of the buttons. I imagine anyone with larger breasts won't fit in it at all


Love it!!! I purchased a size bigger based on reviews. Normally fit in S, I got M. It is about an inch too long for a 5'3" frame but fits great. Does not have a liner but this is a spring/summer dress. Great buy!


Gorgeous dress... Such a beautiful color... Classy halter neck .. A must have for a summer evening out.....so very pretty


So I just received this dress. I really like the actual dress, it hides things that it should and actually looks very elegant. It is a little too long, but with heels or a good hem, the length will be fine. It did come with a rip in the seam though, which was very disappointing!!! Luckily it was an easy fix, but still....not what I was expecting to find.


I am 5'4", 135lbs, waist 29", bust 36.  I ordered a medium.  It fits perfectly.  The one thing is that I ordered the dress in white. The package was labled white bout the color was actually cream.  None-the-less, still a very nice dress.


I wish I had not relied on the reviews so much Im normally large in things and I went with xlarge because of the reviews and it may be different for ladies with larger busts but the xl was too big. It fits okay and I'm going to keep it but I will order the large next time. Otherwise it's awesome super cute and much more reasonably priced then the dresses at Modcloth.


The dress runs to small for it size i order a 2x


Super cute. Bit longer than I expected but I am rather short. The back bunches a little bit but it's not really noticeable. Great thick fabric!!


I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it! The fit is great, it hides all the problem spots and shows off the good ones. I paired it with some red stiletto, mary-janes - perfect!


Followed the manufacturer's sizing and I purchased an XL as I normally wear a size 12. Beautiful red. Will wear for Christmas. Great fabric.


