Well made and fits WAY TOO SMALL.  I ordered a small, my daughter takes a 2/4, the size chart says small is a US 4/6.  So I thought the dress might be a little big.  Not to be she couldn't even get it on to try it on.  Very disappointed.  I gave it 2 stars because it is well made, but only 2 stars because I had trouble getting a full refund for it.


Too loose in the waist and way too small in the bust area. I consider myself fairly small chested and it ran too small for me. I ordered it in a Large and wear a 36 B cup. Also, the descriptions talks about how great the stitching is, but mine had loose threads everywhere. I returned it.


The quality of this dress is better than expected. The fabric is thick and seems to be well made. The large's bust and tie was too large for me so I returned it. I wear a size 8/10 in dresses and my bust size is 36B for reference. The light blue color is true to color like a Cinderella blue color :)


I was VERY happy with this dress.  I feel it could be casual as well as dressy enough for a wedding reception depending on how you accessorize.


I do not feel that the material is see through as some others mentioned.  It is thin but you cannot see through it.


I Love it and am looking forward to dressing it up for a recent wedding reception in March :)  I am 5' 2" and 110....it is long but with 2 1/2 inch heels it's perfect for me.  I ordered a small and I am a happy customer.


I bought this dress for a wedding coming up in spring. It has a legging type of cloth, which is not too thin or too thick. I would say it is medium thick. I'm usually xsmall/small. For this dress I ordered xsmall and It fit me perfectly!!. The price is very convinient. My personal concern is that since the back part of this gown is light colored, I recommend you to wear a waistband-free underwear with it. So no underwear lines would show. o_O


I look so cute! I love it! I have a tummy (people ask if I'm pregnant and I'm not) and the dress hugs around the upper waist which is perfect because it hides my tummy well. I apparently have a bigger chest than I once thought, not boobs, but actually upper body because it's a tight fit to button, which I think is due to my "unique" shape and not the dress's fault, but it looks super cute with the buttons undone and an undershirt. I have multiple colors in mind for my next order. I recommend this dress to everyone.


It is absolutely lovely and fits perfectly. My husband loved it too. I bought the frilly slip to wear under it and it looks rights out of a 50's magazine. It was packed nicely also. I like the material, feels like a heavy cotton and it is very well made. Thank you very much and expect future orders from me. I highly recommend your shop.


I am 5'5", 170 lbs, and I ordered an XL in black. The dress fits perfectly. It's EXTREMELY flattering and good, sturdy material. I don't have to wear a bra with it as the material for the bust is thick as well.


Other than the small arm holes (which seems to be the case with all of these style dresses- not just this brand) this dress is perfect! I am 5'6 and weigh 136 pounds. 36in chest, 26 waist 36 hips. It fits just as described and I wear a 4-6 normally. (got a small) it hits right at my knees and its so lovely. I think the hardest choice is picking a color! LOVE


I LOVE THIS DRESS!!!  I ordered a small which is my normal size (5' 3 1/2", 135 lbs), however, it was tight in the rib cage area, which has generally not been a problem.  I returned and purchased a medium which fit great.


