My wife loves it! She is 5'3", 110 pounds and 32DD. This dress fit her really nice! It is really well made and the material and stitching are of a very good quality.


WARNING: the material is light, so expect to show everyone your underwear at the lightest breeze (we learned that the hard way)


The only thing missing is a pettycoat to make it look better :D


For a cheap dress, this isn't terrible--but it's not great either. The bust isn't wide enough to encompass larger chests, so there's a fair amount of armpit-boob going on. Additionally (see second pic), due to how in the back there is only elastic at the very top edge, it leaves a certain amount of poofiness in the waist. The neckline didn't really work for me either, but might for another woman. I think I will try to return this.


Note: in this pictures I am wearing a small petticoat with this dress, an XL (be sure to look at the manufacturer's measurements, not Amazon's! My dimensions: 41-33-37


I also tried this dress: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01IELW57W/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_5 which has a similar style and price range. I found it to resolve most of the issues found here.


I fell in love with this dress on the website, and I feel deeper in love when I put it on.


I normally wear a medium in most tops, and I'm typically a size 10 dress.  Checking the measurements on the chart provided was definitely the smart thing to do.  I ended up ordering a large based on the information given, and it definitely fits as it should in the waist and the bust...for the most part.


I - like a lot of other folks - get quite a gap in between the buttons.  My gap happens between the fourth and third button, and it could pose a bit of a problem.  However, I plan on sewing a little snap in between the two buttons, and that will eliminate the gap problem.  I decided to do this because honestly - for this price - I'm not sending this dress back.  It's too beautiful and cute when I put it on.


The fabric smells a bit like the plastic bag it comes in when you first open it up, but I'm betting it will dissipate with the first wash.  The fabric itself is rather light (lighter than I expected), but it's definitely not see-through.  It feels like a nice spring/summer dress.  The zipper on the side is nice for the ease of putting the dress on.  The belt/bow that's provided is nice and adds a great contrast at the waist.  I did expect there to be little sewn-in string belt loops like I have on other dresses so I could use those as a guide for the belt, but I didn't see anything like that on this dress.


This is, like, the 4th or 5th dress that I've tried in this style.  I was having a bear of a time getting one that fit me.  I was so pleased to find this item.  The size was very true to expected based on the size chart.  The dress was very flattering from the front, especially with a petticoat underneath, and I was very excited to wear it to a 1953-themed party.


Unfortunately, the fabric in the back bulges oddly at the top.  It's almost as if the hem at the top of the back is just slightly tighter than the the rest of the backing.  This means that even with smoothing or shapewear underneath, there's this little pooch that poofs out just under the back hem (just under the shoulder blades).


I spent the bulk of the party backing out of rooms or inviting all of the other guests to precede me out.  While this was certainly doable, it was also a bit awkward.  I'm going to try to stitch in a bit of stiffer fabric around the back area and see if that helps it to keep its shape.  We'll see.


I bought this dress for a retro event. I felt the fabric was stiff, and I would have preferred a softer fabric that laid a little smoother. But while the dress itself was cute, the sizing was so off that I had to return it. I normally wear an 8-10 in dresses, so I ordered the 10-12. While I admit I am large busted, I could not even get the buttons within 2 inches of each other to close. Also, I am 5'7" and the waist was about 2" above my waistline. So I returned the dress, hoping to order a size up, but the next size did not come in the color I wanted.


It looks exactly like the picture and it is well made. The only downside for me is that the arm holes were a bit too snug for me. Everywhere else fits as expected. It'll be a great work outfit and everyday dress but I don't think I'll order another.


I purchased this dress to wear to my daughter's high school graduation. I normally don't wear anything remotely close to this fashion, but I wanted something different, cute, and modest. I ordered the navy dress in a large since the reviews stated the dress ran small. The dress is made of a surprisingly sturdy material for the cost. I am long-waisted so the waist of the dress with the best hit a little bit higher than I liked, but the dress still fit well. It was very comfortable and I received a lot of compliments on it. The material does have a little stretch to it, just FYI. I am 5'5 and 150 with a 36DD bust and the large fit very well in the bust but a little bigger than I liked everywhere else. Still, I think that I picked the best size for me.


I have another review that said the size was perfect. But I have to update that. I wore it on easter and with my broad back and 38D I will buying in the next size up. I used to be a large but after two kids I guess the girls need more space. So give yourself enough time to exchange or reorder if you get it.


It's beautiful and super comfy. The fabric is not too thin. Iron necessary though.  It's says cool iron, but it needs to be warmer to get the wrinkles out. I did hand wash first, than machine wash after Easter. It held up. But I hung it to dry just to be safe. It's easy for me to shrink anything I wash. Even if it's old and never shrunk before.


I really needed one size up at the time. But after losing some lingering baby weight it fits fine.


I am a tall lady at 5ft 11in, BWH 40-32-40, bra 36B (US), 177 lbs, BMI 25, and I have really really broad shoulders.  I struggle to find cute dresses and tops which fit my broad shoulders and know that a vee neck always gives the extra slack to fit my shoulders.  This is my first Anni Coco and I am very pleased with the style and fit, to include my shoulders!  Woo Hoo.  I ordered the Large per the sizing chart and it is a little snug across the bust but I am pleased. The style is almost saccharine sweet and I am a mature woman, so I will also add accessories with an edge.  Perhaps a moto jacket, wide 50s elastic belt, cocked beret, stilettos, etc. I will look for more from Anni Coco.


*Jay Allen's wife here and I would just like to express my complete and utter disappointment in the package I just received.  I have already ordered this dress once and absolutely loved it.  Made the mistake of washing it which destroyed it.  No biggie, ordered another one because it was so freaking fabulous and this second dress is not at all the same.  The fabric is 1/4 as thick as the first one, you can literally see through the black at the top.  I was so thrilled to be getting it and am now so utterly disappointed.  I will be returning this dress and am not sure I have a desire to get another.  What's the deal!?!? Why am i getting a completely different product for my second order when I just reordered the dress from my amazon history. I am happy to buy it again after ruining it because it was so great and I can't even get the same thing again. Hopes....deleted. : (


