I bought this for my wife, and when she puts it on, I can't hardly concentrate on anything else. Good quality at a good price, plus what guy doesn't love a woman in polka dot halter-tops?


The dress is very nice material wise... The sizing was a little complicated since it goes by bust size.  Now granted I have an odd shape up top since I measure around 38 but my cup size is a modest B so though it fits around me the bust area is kind of funny since it is clearly made for someone with a larger cup size... I will just have to find a nice padded strapless bra to compensate... The length is pretty long on me considering I am 5'3 more of a mid calf length but I can get that adjusted.  The fabric is cotton so expect a lot of ironing or trips to the cleaners...


I have bought nearly all of the colors available in my size of this dress. They are very comfortable and cute! I receive so many compliments and the  price was awesome! Thank you so very much!!!


This dress is one of my new favorites. absolutely BEAUTIFUL. fits snug and true to size. Although i am 5'4 and the only thing is it does drag on the ground a bit... because it's such a gorgeous dress i am willing to go to get it altered and get it sewn up a bit. Well worth it!


Very cute dress. In reading reviews I sized up. I usually where a 10/12 but ordered extra large. Glad I did. Hits below the knee I am 5/5". Very flattering and pretty color. Does wrinkle easily I plan to dry clean to avoid shrinkage.


This dress is just as beautiful as the pic & fits perfectly. I haven't worn it yet but its on my list for the next upcoming party.


I love this dress and get tons of conpliments on it. It's fun, flirty, breastfeeding accessible, and unique to my part of suburbia. The price can't be beat for a cute cotton dress.


The cotton is a heavier cotton so while it will wear well, it is not the dress for extremely hot days when you want to wear a thin sheet. Even in a lighter color, I wouldn't expect there to be any peak-through.


Great material and it fit me perfectly! I'm 5'4 and 130 lbs and ordered a small. I was skeptical at first about ordering it, but eventually decided to go for it and I'm SO GLAD I did. I've never written a review before, but I felt the need to this time.


Cute but order a size larger then what you would normally order


This dress is amazing. The fit is very flattering and the mustard yellow actually looks nice against my pale skin. I purchased this dress for my Halloween costume and will definitely re-wear in my normal wardrobe.


