Perfect fit!


too big and long. Perhaps a model will help to see how the dress will fit in a normal person.


Very cute


I absolutely love this dress. I ordered it a little big but the dress itself is well put together, super comfy and really cute!


Great quality dress and fit as expected


Loved the dress but you can see every line of under garnet. If you go with out it shows even hump or bumps


I loved this dress!!


Super cute dress! I'll wear this again just for a night out.


I'm 5'8 and my bodyshape matches a mannequin. I ordered the smallest possible size (I'm usually a medium but followed according to other reviews), and ordered several different prints the same size. This dress looked like it'd fit like a glove based on the pictures (it's advertised as though it accentuates the curves and hugs the slimmer portions of your bodice / waistline). The different colors varied slightly in how large they felt, but features listed below were consistently present:


- Scrunchie fabric in the back: It's uneven. Very uneven. In all three dress patterns I ordered. The top is tighter than the rest, so it bunches the fabric into a "bubble" to make your back look hunched. Moreover, it's not nearly tight enough to make the dress form-fitting.


- The fabric is mildly stretchy, and though not rough, it's certainly not soft. An awkward in between.


- There is also an awkward zipper that doesn't have a clasp - it just gets zipped up into fabric.


- Halter option is OK, but the fabric is too bulky for the bow to look normal. I might sew these bands of fabric into straps, since they're a nice thickness that'd probably serve better as straps than as a heavy bow material. (I get headaches wearing halter tops that strain the neck, so if that's a problem for you, certainly something to consider)


I'm too stubborn to return this, and will instead take the material to a trusted dresses&alterations business for correcting the shape (spent too much time idealizing about wearing this dress to give up now). If you really want a dress as advertised, be prepared to spend extra bucks on getting it altered.


