Delivered on time. Dress was exactly as described. Worn once. Upon machine wash, shrunk a little bit. Still fit well for second wear. Needs ironing to take out all the crease from tumble dry. Will purchase other patterns for my swing dancing lessons and outing!


Love this dress. Love it. I was worried about sizing. I wear a size 4 in pants but very busty. I ordered a large and it is perfect. So happy I bought this and my husband said I need to go back and order everything this store sells.


cute dress. after many tries to get the correct size (third time at returns is a charm). The dress was delivered without the belt! I made due in finding a consignment shop that sold belts that fits. Not worth the headache. but the dress is super cute.


This dress is quality all the way.  The material is thick and has great form.  I am 5'11" with a long waist and thought it mas not be the length I wanted.  It comes just below my knee which is perfect. There is no built in bra as the picture had indicated but that doesn't bother me.  Great fit and great price.  Every girl should have this swing dress in their closet.


Does not look like the picture.  I have a very small torso so I thought the first white stripe would start a little lower than the picture, but it actually started more at the belly button than at hip area. The material was kinda hard/rough.  Not worth the $$


I got this for a formal event we have this summer. I ordered a size up from a large to X-large.  I thought if I had to alter it a little that would be fine, however it fits well.  The dress got here on the day it was supposed to.  My suggestion would be order up at least a size for this dress.


Love this dress perfect for a 50's party.  I ordered a XL but probably could have got a Large.


Bought this a size up and I should not have. Get your actual size. I had to adjust mine to fit me tighter.


I love this dress and the material!!  It's perfect for all occasions... Work,  dinner, shopping or church.  I am looking to make more purchases in the future. Delivery was on time... No long waiting. The color is dead on from the photo on the site.


Fits well. Nice stretch if needed. Comfortable. Could've fit probably up to a C bust because of stretch.


