Very heavy material. Would have like it much better if it was made out of something much light weight.


It is true to size. The material is nice. It is made nice. Love the red color.


The print in the picture does no justice to honor looks in person. Vibrant & pretty and the fabric is thick enough to not need a slip (it's unlined) and feels expensive. Everywhere I went the first day I wore it I got complements. Ppl thought it was a designer dress! I'm 5'8", 180 and can wear a 10-14 depending on the maker (Tahari -10, Calvin Klein-12, etc). I ordered the XL and it's like it was custom made for me! I was worried about the top since I'm a 36 DDD but it covers enough to be appropriate for work. It also transitions well for after work or socializing (I've already been to an art gallery and brunch in it!)


This morning I ordered another on in the red/white dots and will probably get another in this print as a backup. THATS HOW MUCH I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!!!!


Beautiful dress. Too large on me and too long even with 3 inch heels.(I'm 5'2" and got a M). I returned for a smaller size. Quality is really nice.


This is a pretty dress. Its a little longer than I would like though and the dress was smaller feeling than I wanted so I am returning it. I bought an XXL and I am an 18. Its not a good style For my body type and the bust was too small as Im a 38DD


Wore this dress (with a few minor changes) to Disney's dapper day as a Wendy- inspired disneybounder. I received several compliments. Dress fit well.


I absolutely love this dress! I also have the red with white polka dots.  Every time I wear it, I get several compliments! It appears the material is of a good weight-not cheaply made and the halter is lined enough to give support and not be revealing. LOVE!


Adorable this dress. Get many compliments! It's fitted yet flowing. I plan to order more in different colors/prints.


Very cute dress at a great price


I returned this dress after finding that the dress was way too big and looked awkward on me.


