I love this dress! (black and white polka dot)  I have been looking for 50's style dresses for a while. This is perfect. I normally wear a size 8. My measurements are 36 bust and 29 waist. However, to be safe, I ordered a large. It fits well without being too snug. The side zipper makes it easy to get on and off without unbuttoning. I have more dresses from Anni Coco in my cart now.


I love this dress. The red is the perfect pop of color. I originally ordered it in a medium in the navy blue bc people were saying it runs small and I panicked and I regretted it. The navy is too drab on me and the medium Fit, but not the way I wanted it to.  So I reordered in a small and in the red and it's perfect. I'm 5'3" and 135lbs and it's stretchy and curvy to your body. I just need to get out more so I can wear it. Haha.


Summary:


5' 4", 150 lbs, bust 36", bra 34C, waist 31",


Ordered Medium, I would have been comfortable in a small.


I like the dress and thinks it fits my body type well while hiding my thicker waist and hips.  The shape great and flares out nicely. I would like to get a petticoat which would add so much more dimension to the dress. The bust is lined and the skirt is not but the material is of medium weight and not see-through. Great for outdoors in summer!


Fit:


Though it does fit me well, I would have defiantly been comfortable in the small. It is a tad big but not loose or baggy. (Did not wear bra in pictures.) Amazon and Anni Coco would recommend a medium based on my bust, and even larger for my waist.  This is why I gave the dress 4 stars instead of 5. In my opinion, the bust measurement is the most important since the waist stretches well and hides the tummy.  The seem between the skirt and top of the dress sits about 2.5-3 inched above my belly button.  It is also longer than expected. From the description I was expecting it to hit right below my knee but hit mid calf instead.  This would raise with a petticoat but I will probably hem it about 3-4 inches.


Quality:


I think the quality of the dress fits the price well.  The material reminds me of the cheap bulk fabric I would buy at Joann Fabrics.  The polka dots do not match up at the seem, as shown in the pictures on Amazon.  This is a symbol of the quality.  I would not be scared to wear this out to the park where it might get dirty.  It is defiantly going to be great for summer outings and will surly keep me cool.


I received this item at a discounted amount and I would like to leave my honest unbiased opinion.


Absolutely adorable dress!  The fabric is relatively weighty and has some stretch, the ruffles and the buttons took this dress over the top, loved them. In terms of length, it is perfect, it hit me at just above the knee (I am 5'9).  The only problem for me is that is was a bit high waisted since I am so tall.  It was perfect in every other way but it was just a bit high in the waist.


This a beautiful and well made dress.  I felt feminine wearing it all day from 10:00am till 4:00pm. I will confess I am not used to wearing dresses like this on a daily basis. I wore a brand new petticoat underneath as well. As the day carried on, I could not wait to change into my loungewear and toss my hair up into a bun. Overall, I ❤️ the outfit.


This thing wrinkles if you wink at it. Seriously not convenient at all. It's a lot longer than I thought it would be. The fabric does have a little bit of stretch.


I ordered the blue and white dress with heart buttons. The material is very sturdy and will hold up well. My measurements are 32 bust 29 waist. I ordered the large to be on the safe side with the waist measurements. The waist fits perfectly and there is room in the bust area, but not noticeably large. I am 5'4" and the dress comes to just below my knees. Beautiful dress!


This product has a short waist.  I ordered my size and it was too small.  The waist fall just below the breasts and looking at the pictures, it indicates a lower waist than the actual fit.  Maybe a large or extra large might have been a better fit, but then the shoulders would have been too wide...


Curvy ladies,  take care when ordering.


This dress is So pretty! The color is vibrant and the details are on point. Heart shaped buttons, white trim around the the seems, and the belt are each special in their own way.  Downside,  I ordered a medium and am a size 8 with a 38dd bust. I had trouble buttoning the dress up. The rest of the dress fit perfectly, but for my body shape a little elastic in the fabric would be helpful. I ended up using safety pins to close the gaps between buttons. Overall the dress is really pretty, but if you are top heavy you might want to order a size that will accommodate your bust and just tighten the belt to pull the waist in on the dress.


On these types of dresses I usually size up because they tend to run small, but the back of this dress is very stretchy and I had to return the first one I got and size down because I am a lot smaller on top. It's really good quality for the price and it's great for summer, Very lightweight and fits well! I get compliments on it all the time.


