The buy for me was actually a "dart thrown in the dark". Yet it resulted in a huge score with my wife! Thank you. She loved the design and color. My wife's taste could be rather bland at times, however this dress sparked a dance out of her. She wasted no time putting it on and dashing out the door!


Finding clothing for my wife is elusive due to her petite and plus size. So, for me, I'll keep Anni Coco's line in mind when considering future purchases. Thanks.


I'm 5'9" and 130 lbs. The dress fit but was too short to wear with flats let alone heels. Item was close to the description. I'm thinking a knock off though. The care and washing instructions was broken English, quite comical. The dress was too short for me but regardless of being a knock off the quality was nice enough that I gifted it to a friend who adores it.


I am 5 foot 6, 130-135.  Bought a large just to be safe, from advice on other reviews. That seems to be a good size for me. I want my clothes to be  comfortable, this fits the bill.  It is super cute, as pictured. I like the material. The material is a stretch dress shirt type blend. I would expect it to wear well.  I did buy petticoat to go under it for fullness, it would be ok without.


I am usually s-m and went with medium. It was a good choice. I ended up returning it because it was a little too fit around the arms for me. That's a personal issue for me. A friend tried it on and said it fit great and we are the same size. I got it for a 50s costume but also something I could continue to wear. Although I returned it, it was  a nice dress and good material


Cute dress fit great I normally wear an xl in dresses that stretch I ordered an xl and it does stretch along the back, it fits great. My only complaint is the sewing quality it's a little shabby, there were strings hanging in some spots and done spots were the thread had come loose from the dress. I was able to hand repair by mending it back together in those small spots.


Best purchase I have done in long time, this dress is amazing, love the style, color, the material, packaging and the shipping, great. I order a size larger than I normal wear, so I have a little room there, looking forward to getting two more colors. Don't think twice in purchasing this dress.


I didn't love the gray color with my skin tone but the dress is really well made. Medium was too small for me- I'm 5'4" and 155 lbs so I also ordered a large which was a perfect fit. If you're a solid color dress kind of person, I highly recommend this.


Perfect! Made a fantastic Minnie Mouse costume at Halloween! I received compliments everywhere I went at Disneyland during the Halloween party! The elastic back can get a little out of shape but that didn't bother me a bit. This was very comfortable, even though the air temperature hit 105 degrees the day I wore it.


This dress is beautiful, especially for the price. To get the negative out of the way, the small was quite large. As a 32DD, I've become accustomed to filling out the top part of dresses, but I could layer 3 VS push-up bras with my normal bra and still easily fit in the dress without stretching the elastic in the back.


All in all though, this dress is light, perfect for summer, not see-through, lovely cut, and with a few alterations, it's going to be perfect for blues dancing. :)


Pertinent Stats:


Height:  5'4" - Dress is tea length on me (about 5-6" past my knee)


Waist: 24"- Had to wear a belt (but that's pretty much every dress)


Chest: 32DD- AN ABUNDANCE OF SPACE IN THE TOP.


These are very well made, and the fabric is stretchy.  stylish and cute especially with a poofy slip - but it isn't necessary.  I initially ordered a large - then tried to get a medium, but they were unavailable, so I bought a small, and was pleased that it worked - it's for a dance event.  Anyway - I'm 5'4" and weigh 140.  Kinda like Marilyn Monroe.  So anyway - go down a size.


