Gorgeous and true to size for the price. Would buy again.


Nice dress with a great fit. Made well.


For my grand daughter she loved it but it was a little snug on her if she gains any weight she won't be able to wear it


Love the dress. I am only 5'1 and I thought I was going to have to have the dress altered but it is the perfect length. My only complaint is that it is not lined. I thought it said it was lined in the description (I may have read wrong).


Fits nice - lost a star because the zipper is not easy to zip and unzip because of the seam


Great dress but missing the belt that's pictured. Would've rated higher if it'd come as shown. Pretty disappointed about that but didn't have time to sent it back


I normally wear a M or L. After checking the manufacturer size guide, I found I was just under the measurements for L, but the guide also recommended ordering one size up if you were close in measurements, so I bought an XL.  When it first arrived, it was a little loose but still looked nice. After washing and drying,  with the fabric shrinkage, it fit perfectly! It seems to be good quality fabric (I bought the black one) and is not thin or see through. The hidden side zipper really is unnecessary and serves no purpose. It is a small zipper that does not go up to the top of the dress, so it doesn't give you any additional room to slip it on or off over your head. It needs to go all the way to the top of the dress (-1 star for useless zipper). The length is great! It goes down past my knees, not quite mid-calf (I'm about 5'7). It looks great both with and without a crinoline! It is elegant and provocative while still remaining classy. I absolutely love this dress and think I need the same style in a couple of different colors!


Was really pretty on my daughter, especially when we added a thin red sash at the waist. Perfect for Hoco!


So cute on! Has a side zipper that I didn't see at first - I got a medium and I wear a size 10  w/36C - it fits like a glove!!! Love it


Didn't fit the way I wanted it to. But was able to take the elastic off in the back to wear it for my costume.


