The style is so beautiful and it fit really well. I'm 170lbs, 5' 11" and 36B, I got a medium. The only problem is the fit under the arm. I tried loosening the tie around my neck and it just didn't fit my body unless it was at a certain tightness, the fabric was digging into my underarms though and became uncomfortable. Nothing that would stop me from wearing it though.


This dress is a definite keeper. I live it so so much and I want to get one in black. It fits good , though I do wish it wasn't as long. But again I'm 5' so maybe that's why. I'll just have it hemmed.


That aside, it's a very beautiful dress!


The dress is very cute and the service was amazing received the dress next day.  The only thing I didn't like was the belt loop locations.  It seemed like they were too low below the waist.  Made it look odd in the back and not flattering to my waist when I put the belt on.  Looked better without the belt.  That may have been because I ordered a medium instead of a small but still seemed odd.


I like to buy my wife dresses, and buying clothes online are always a risk. But this turned out to be one of the cutest dresses I have ever got her, I love it. She is 5' 8" and it comes past her knee.


Very well made and simply adorable.  I'm thrilled to see unique clothing like this made with quality and care.  Looks cute with a crinoline underneath too but one isn't necessary as the skirt already has a swing to it.  Purchased size Small (5'4" tall/100 lbs), fits very well.


I want to buy more in other colors! I receive compliments every time I wear this. I usually wear between a 6-8 dress size and the M was just right. It's got a bit of a stretch in the fabric so it is very forgiving.  Definitly accentuates the bust line.  I'm a 32C and it's figure fitting but not overly tight or pulling.  Love this one.


Compared to the other dresses I have from here, which were too big, I ordered a size down on this one which ran a bit too small, but still a cute dress and very well made.  Just more a little more fitted than the others so order a size up.  Otherwise, cute, had to give it to my daughter, will order another for myself.


The polka dot dress was cute, but way too short, hitting about 3 in above my knees, Spent a one long evening extending the hem, because the party was in 2 days. Otherwise, well made. I did not have a problem with popping open buttons. I bought the right size by using their size chart and my measurements.


This was a great base for a Rose Quartz costume I created. I easily removed the top straps and sewed the extra fabric layers underneath, Would recommend price-wise and for others looking to create a similar costume!


This is such a cute dress but if you have a long torso and aren't curvy but wish you were, you wouldn't like this dress. BUT... if you were to get a petticoat to do underneath. You'd love it. Just be sure not to get one thats extremely puffy bc that just looks weird.


