I love it and so did my husband!  The only criticism's I have are:  1.  It runs small so order at least 1 size up, 2. The location of the belt is very odd. It's right at the hips?  I was confused by this and though they had been placed in the wrong area but went ahead and wore it as it was with the belt at the hips.  Finally # 3. When you wash it, it wrinkles very badly and shrinks.  I would suggest you order 2 sizes larger if you plan on washing it at home.  You might not need to if you dry clean instead. Otherwise a very, very cute dress.


I bought his in XX I'm a 16-18 depending on brand. Also wear 38 ddd bra. This fits like it was made for me; so amazing on a true hourglass figure. It's flattering and the material is better then expected for a white dress in this price point. The black trim sets this dress off for high fashion. I do wear a petticoat with it, not necessary but it's the perfect cut dress to wear one. The only thing I might change are the heart buttons; while cute and o have worn the dress with them just a style choice


I bought this dress in size medium and it fits perfect! My weight is 137lbs and I am about 5'7 in height and it almost hits right to my knees when standing (which is a perfect length for me). The dress couldn't fit more perfect! It came wrapped in a nice package and the fabric on the dress is nice and thick. It has darling heart buttons down the front with a cute sash belt (with the option to leave off if you want, since there are no belt loops attached to the dress). The dress is darling!!! It is definitely one of my favorites!!!!


I read all the reviews with pictures attached before I bought this dress and I was a little concerned about the “chest gap“ that many people brought up. I am 5‘7“ and take a size 10 or 12 in dresses. Large fits me perfectly. I wear push-up bras size 38C And while the fabric in the chest area is slightly strained between two of the buttons, I decided it’s not noticeable. I’m debating whether I should wash the dress or at least just the belt before I wear it, right now the bow is sort of starched which makes it poofier that I’d like, if that makes sense.  It goes down to my knee, no problems there. Totally worth $25!


Love this dress!  I used it for my Olivia the Pig costume.  I had my mother temporarily sew my daughters old tights inside the cap sleeves. To look like I was wearing a striped t-shirt underneath.  It fit me exactly, so wearing a t-shirt underneath was not an option.  I love the color and cannot wait to unsew the temporary sleeves to wear it again for Valentine's Day since it has heart shaped buttons.  I gave it 4 stars and not 5 because it came undone at the side seem.  I will have to have my mother sew it before I wear it again.


It was just OK.  Material is cheap and scratchy, attracts lint like crazy, no lining in it and top doesnt fit properly.  I have 3 other dresses in the same style (not same manufacturer) and this one was far below my expectations.  The top just doesnt have any support or sit well in the chest area like others do, even with a strapless bra.  I returned it.


This dress is for a very , very  short woman. Well under 5'0!!


Sorry the pic isn't great, bur the dress isn't either.


I was very excited to find such a deal on a beautiful yellow dress, but unfortunately you get what you pay for. The dress arrived in a plastic bag, hardly folded, haphazardly stuffed inside. The material is wrinkled almost beyond repair. There are even wrinkles in the rouching folds of the bodice! I don't know if even the dry cleaners could fix this mess.


Aside from the terrible packaging, the dress is too large. I was right in the middle of the Large measurements range so I ordered a Large based on other true-to-size reviews. It's loose on me everywhere. I'm 5'9", 150lbs, with a 31" waist.


The color is true to the pictures, so at least there's that.


Beautiful dress! My measurements are 34b, 28" waist, 11" upper arm and 120 Ibs, 5ft 3. This dress fits perfect! Comfortable and not too tight. However, I am having it taken up though as i like my dresses 2" above the knee, and this dress falls about 3" below my knees.


I sew myself and can definetly say that there is no way I could make this dress for this price.  Overall it is beautiful and fit very nicely.  The hemline and some of the seams are a little poorly sewn, but for the price it can easily be overlooked, and it's nothing people notice when they see the dress.


  I'm 5'2 and about 186lbs in these pics.  In American sizes I wear an XL, but these are Asian sizes, so I ordered an XXL.  It fit perfectly.  The belt is not attached, so you can wear the dress with or without it.  I wore it with it and the bow ties in the back.  I also wore it with a white petticoat that I also bought on Amazon (for about $13).


  Great buy!  I am now putting in my order for the same dress, but in blue!


