This dress is fantastic! I am a large busted person, so I always worry that the chest is not going to fit right, but this dress is actually very stretchy in the bust area so it would fit a variety of chest sizes. Also, the material is very soft so the dress is incredibly comfortable. This dress fits just right to accentuate curves and minimize the fluffier parts of me. I absolutely adore this dress and will be wearing it a lot this summer!


Very  happy with the quality of this dress.  I wear a size 14 dress and the 2xxl fit perfectly.  I would recommend this dress to anyone.  I find the style and quality of this dress well worth it. The dress has lining and I bought the petticoat to go under it.


Extremely cute dress. I would recommend going up a size. My daughter is a medium shirt. The medium fits but snuggly. I don't recommend drying. I would wash and air dry if you get your specific size just in case it shrinks.


I absolutely love this dress


I am 5'4", 117 lbs with a 34D chest.  I bought this dress in a medium and it fits perfectly.  Very nice quality, the material drapes nicely and the dress is very comfortable.  I wore it to work with a bolero sweater and received a lot of compliments - perfect dress for hot summer days!


I've worn it several times already! The fit is great and the color is vibrant. The only thing I had issues with is that the seam on the top part of the zipper was not sewn together. Easy fix for me,  but it would have been nice to have it completely sewn together in the first place.


Gorgeous dress at a great price, quick shipping. Solid size 12 to 14 but the large was way too small, returned and ordered an extra large and it is still tight in the bust area. Should be noted that this is a stretchy fabric so some fitness is expected. Knowing sizes, I would order again


Poor quality. Cant wear without a jacket to hide the back/halter, due to workmanship. I suppose it is reasonable for the price, but wouldnt have bought i if it were more than $25.


I am 5'4 and 170lbs with a bigger upper body. This dress is very flattering it really slims the waist line. I bought a petticoat to go under which also help make my waist look slimmer. I wear an 16/18 top and a 12 pant and I purchased a XL and it fit great. It has a good quality material that I was really surprised by because of the cost. I will be buy at least one more to add to my closet.


Needed a dress for this event at Disneyland called Dapper Day and I'm so glad I came across this one! It was cute and comfortable and it fit just right. Just for reference my measurements are 43-39-49 a size 16/18 and I got a XXL. This could be worn without a petticoat but I wore one to add more character to the dress.


