Looks pretty nice and quite comfy. The back is stretchy to fit a rage of sizes. There's plenty of room for a large bust. The halter straps are large so they don't dig and the form fitting part of the dress holds it up more than the straps do. Only complaint is that the dress is longer than expected (halfway between knee and ankle) but I'm only 5'2"


I wore this dress for a summer wedding and received a number of compliments on the uniqueness of the dress. Unfortunately, after I washed it, the black dye from the dress bled into the white portion. I had to spend a while scrubbing and soaking to make it wearable again. This is the only reason for the three stars, as I would hate to have to do this every time I want to wash the dress.


I could not be happier with this dress--perfect fit and surprisingly high-quality material given the price. Take the measuring seriously, as it has a limited amount of stretch. I am so thankful I ordered a large instead of medium particularly because the bust would not have fit in a smaller size (I'm a 36C). I bought a petticoat for it to enhance the A-line style, but it does well without it as well. With years of online shopping experience, I can confidently say this is easily the best buy I've ever had in terms of fit and quality.


I bought this dress for my company's annual "Orange Party" (for obvious reasons). Overall I'm please with it, however it is a little larger than I expected through the waist area, and a little longer than I would have liked (as some other reviews mentioned). There is a LOT of extra room in the waist/bust area because of the stretchy ruching in the back.  If I had time before the party I'd have it taken in a bit, but it'll work as is.


I ordered a Medium and am 5'3", 140, 34D.


My daughter wanted this for a vintage look. However, the top of the dress did not have room for her bosom. She is not fat but she wears a larger bra size. It made her feel bad to try on a large and there was not enough room in the top. In fact, one of the buttons popped off when she tried it on. The style would be perfect for her if it fit properly.


This is a beautiful dress and well made. My only problem is I am short and fat, so the size was right, but the length was such that the halter top didn't fit me properly, I needed about 2 more inches. Great dress though.


this is a great dress.  very well made.  good material and with a zipper on the back for easy in and out.  I ordered a size larger than usual and it actually fit a tad bit big so I should have ordered my regular size and the material is a bit stretchy.  It's also nice that the straps are adjustable..  and I am 5ft 3 and with wedges it was a little bit long.


Love love love this dress. If you are curvy this dress will look great on you. After looking at a consignment shop for a nice dress to perform in I couldn't find a shape that complimented my figure.  Every dress i tried on seemed to point out my trouble spots. So off to amazon i went. I felt ridiculous buying a dress online but im so happy I did.  Makes me look at least 10 pounds lighter and shows my girlish figure. The fabric is kind of curtainy....but who cares. Good price and looks great on a full figure. I bought the purple dress and i like the color too. Also I like that the fabric is thicker. No see thru fabric here!


I'm afraid there's something wrong with the cut - the neckline is too high and looks weird. Besides it is not very form-fitting in the back, which makes the back look wider (the picture on the site shows exactly what the back of the dress will look like on you). The print is nice though and the fabric is of very good quality. The dress is going back.


Sadly, I had to return it. The dress fit in the waist and shoulders, however the bust was far too large and without straps it kept falling down. I'm what you call a 'pear shape' figure so I just don't think this type of style works for me. Too bad, because it's really cute!


PROS:


The fabric is of decent quality.


Cute Design.


Hidden zipper closure in back.


CONS:


Simply did not fit my body type/proportions


Fabric is not stretchy whatsoever, contributing to the issue.


