I ordered the yellow version of this dress in a Medium; I am 5'1, around 145-150lbs and very bottom heavy. After extensively reading reviews, looking at photos and reading the manufacturer's size chart, I thought this was the best size for me. I don't know if there's a sizing inconsistency but the dress was pretty huge. The sleeves had an extra 3-4 inches of fabric and the belt wrapped around me twice with extra to spare; the waist was also 2-3 inches too big. I'm reordering in a Small but I have a feeling it will pull on my chest. It's a very cute dress, well-made and comparable to something from Modcloth though... just maybe order multiple sizes!


Edit: Changed my review to 5 stars once I received the Small. Fits perfectly and my measurements are 37-28-40.


This dress is perfection. The measurements are accurate to their charts. I like that I can wear the dress with or without the bow around the waist. Super comfy slightly stretchy material and perfect construction. I highly recommend. I will order from them again.


I purchased the black and white halter back dress in a size small. I'm 5 foot tall and the dress is perfect length for heels and fits perfectly. The back straps may be an issue for some pending construction of dress, since they aren't very durable looking. I received it early, that was a plus! The dress looks and fits great. I did receive it packaged in a bag so it did have wrinkles everywhere. It does have a stretch give to the fabric as well so it feels comfortable. It had a few frayed strings from construction that I had to clip for appearance purposes, but didn't interfere with the stitching.


I typically wear large in dresses and ordered  large in the light blue and it fits perfectly. Very flattering, well made and sturdy but not too heavy for summer. I'm 5'6" and it hits mid-calf so it's exactly what I wanted. I will order more in the future!


I love this dress. It's made of an almost canvas-y material, with a little bit of stretch. I got the True Red color, and I ordered a large. It fits perfectly. I am 5'8" and about 170lbs. And again, I got a large. As I normally order size large from amazon, I'd say order whatever size you normally do. The dress falls just below my knees.


I had to give 4 stars instead of 5, simply because the packaging was not very good (dress arrived in a crumpled up bag, basically), and because the dress did arrive with loose threads hanging off in a couple places. This wasn't a big deal, though, I just snipped the threads.


The zipper on the dress is VERY hidden. Also, this dress doesn't have those thin inside straps for hanging it up. So if you do plan to hang it up like that, you'll have to add your own straps.


This is probably on me, but I liked it way better in the reviews than I did in the actual mirror. I might make some alterations to get it to work better for me, 'cause the colour and the material are really nice. I'm still not sold on the heart buttons either, but, we'll see what I end up doing with it. Honestly I probably would have returned it but I didn't have time before I moved across the country and now it's too late. Not a total loss, though! Again, it's really cute! Just not sure how I like it on me c;


Love this dress!! Love the material, the fit, the length and so on. It was perfect. The only problem was the order. The first time I ordered it, despite how perfect it was the dress didn't have the belt. I was tempted to just keep it, but even though I loved the dress so much it was definitely lacking the belt and that became a deal breaker for me. I did take the risk after returning it to reorder the dress since I had prime in hopes that they wouldn't forget the belt. I'm glad I did. It was so worth it. I love this dress. It's perfect for any occasion. I wanted to give it 5 stars but since I had to deal with the ordering process I couldn't. So I say if you have amazon prime it is definitely worth the risk. Free return shipping. Otherwise I would of been bummed out with a nearly perfect dress


Great quality for the price! The dress ran slightly big for be, however I'd rather have the dress run slightly big than for it to be too small. I ended up tying a belt around it to help. The quality is amazing and the dress is beautiful!!! If I ordered this from ModCloth the price would easily be 200 dollars for a dress like this. I am happy I found somewhere more affordable for vintage dresses!


I ordered this dress to have pictures done for my husband. I am truly in love with this dress and can not wait to wear it again. I will definitely be ordering more dresses from this designer. I love the quality of the material and the elastic stretch in the back made all the difference for me. I normally wear an XL and that is what I ordered. I did not receive a discount for my review, I paid full price for this dress and would again.


This dress is beautiful, feels well made, and the perfect length for me. I am tired of dresses that are too short- and I'm a short girl! I'm 5' 3" and this hit my legs around the calf. I got a medium, since that was what the size chart put me at, and it is slightly big. (Hence, the 4 star rating.) I would be afraid to go any smaller though. The material feels slightly stretchy. The details are beautiful, I just adore the heart shaped buttons! I was nervous ordering a dress online, but I'm glad I did. I would purchase this item again.


