This dress is a perfect comfy cute retro fit, and I got lots of compliments on it. I'm thinking of ordering one in another color. Details like the heart-shaped buttons, frilled bodice, and edged belt make this one a winner! Fast shipping.


The product is great. Great fabric, put together nicely. It was a little longer than I had anticipated but that's an easy fix and no big deal. Love the way it fits over my bust as well. It's not revealing and still very flattering. Would buy again.


A little long if you're a shorter female (I'm only 5"1") but other than that it fit perfect and it's super cute!


This dress is awesome and the material is very nice and not see through. Be careful if you are above DD, I purchased XL the girls are barely in


Overall I love it


The dress is adorable but extremely small, the sizing chart is incorrect. The workmanship is great. I am a size 14 and the large dress doesnt fit over my head. Also, the side zipper does not help if you have a chest. There is no give to the material. Recommend a 2-3XL if you are a 14.


It's a pretty dress;  I ordered it twice... BECAUSE THE ZIPPER IS STUPID. Now,  I might just have incredible bad luck here,  but on the first dress,  the zipper wouldn't zip all the way up ( and I wasn't wearing it so it's not because I'm fat). The second dress came and the zipper did the exact same thing. -___-. I'm swapping the zippers out. This is stupid.


I bought this for my parents' vow renewal.  The fit is very flattering, and I like the heart buttons and white accents.  It hides bellies well.


We returned it, the dress was very nice and of high quality. It was the wrong cut at this time for my wife. It did have a thread hanging of a stritch, but I would definitely give them another purchase. An empire waist dress I'd buy right now.


I really like the look of this dress, but it does not fit right. It is too big in the waist, but too small in the arm holes. I cannot wear it yet- I am getting the sleeves let out. Once I do, the dress will be perfect for work.


I used to have this exact dress from Modcloth (except the one here has cute heart shaped buttons) that I outgrew. I was so happy to find it at fraction of the price. Same cut, same material. Quick shipping, too!


