Fit really well except that it strains a bit on my chest, but it's not super noticeable. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is the wrinkles. It's be fine if they ironed out easily enough, but even after going over them more then a few times, some of them just wouldn't come out T_T. Luckily it's also not SUPER noticeable, but enough to knock it down 1 star. Love the dress otherwise!


I wear a size 12 in most things. I am 38 DD. 180lbs almost 5' 5". I bought an XXL and it fit great.


Every student decorated itwith fabric markers at the end of the school year and I wore it on the last day.


The length of the dress shrunk in the dryer. When I wear it on the first day of school, I will need leggings because it is now shorter than my comfort level. The width of the fabric did not shrink just the length.


Cute, stylish, retro dress my husband bought for me. I'm 4'11" and my measurements fit perfectly for size small. No alterations needed except for the length. It it was so long, it touched my shins. For an already petite body, I looked more stunted. I had it hemmed so that it touched just at the middle of my knees. Other than the length, it was perfect. The fabric has a little stretch to it and is very soft against my skin.


Perfect for my Minnie Mouse costume last Halloween.  Received a lot of compliments.  I only wish it was about 6 inch shorter.


I love the color of the dress & it's well made. I like the stretch it has in the back. I went by the size chart & since my body doesn't fit into one size for the measurements, I decided to go by the bust size since that was the most fitted part of the dress. I normally wear an XL but I ordered a XXL because of the sizing chart. It was a little too big so I returned it & reordered in a XL. I would say the dress fits more true to your regular size probably because of the stretch in the back.


This item gets two stars because it comes with no washing instructions. It seems as if it is sturdy enough to wash- kind of a thin cotton twill with spandex. Apparently it is ABSOLUTELY UNWASHABLE! It shredded in my washing machine on a gentle cycle (I have a front loader and they are fairly easy on clothing). It is now full of large-ish holes. It can't be repaired because the holes are in the middle of the fabric and shredded, not along a seam.


The fit and styling are otherwise fantastic. I loved this dress and it fit perfectly. The stretch of the material allows it to fit like it was made for you. Just hand wash very delicately and lay flat to dry. Wear it a few times between washing! I'm very sad that I can't wear it and am trying to think of a way to patch it so that it doesn't look ridiculous!


I bought this for my daughter. The dress fit well in the waist, but the bust was way too tight. The only way should wear it was by leaving the top unbuttoned which was way too inappropriate.  If you are larger than a "B" cup don't expect this to fit.  I would have returned this, but after having the shipping deducted it really would not have been worth my efforts.  So I opted to give it to someone who was less endowed. It was really a cute dress. Too bad it did not fit.


Love the dress it's very comfortable and spandex i receive lots of complements.


OMG. I love this dress so much I bought one in a different color. This dress was made in the day when women had figures.  The material is thick enough to wear without a bra.  It has a flattering neck line, the length is just below the knees, and the waist drops just right to cover my lower abdomen.  . I'm in my 50's, 5'7" and weigh 175lb.  I would wear this out the beach, pool or out to eat . It's a classic.  Ps. I got retro polka dot sunglasses to match.


I'm 5'4" and 124 lbs and ordered a size small. The dress fit perfectly and was very comfortable. The top of the dress is fitted (for reference, I have a small upper body build) and the bottom has plenty of leg room. The length of the skirt is a bit long for me to wear with flat footed shoes, but with a small heel it works better and shows off the full length of the skirt better. I wore this dress to a work holiday party and it was a hit.


