I love Anni Coco dresses, but I haven't yet been able to get one in my size.  The fabric is heavy while still being comfortable, and they appear to be made well.  I previously purchased an Anni Coco halter dress.  Based on the suggested sizing I bought a large, then had to return it and buy a medium because it was too big.  I'm generally a size 6.  The medium was too big as well, but at that point the small was sold out.  I tried this dress in a small, then, but the small was too small (I couldn't zip it all the way up).  I was disappointed to have to return this one, as well.  I will try again, though!  The clothes are a good price for the quality in my opinion; I just need to find the right size.


I purchased this for a Pinup Joker cosplay costume.


After reading reviews, I purchased a small. My measurements are 35-28-38, and the dress fit perfectly! (I got version 2, without the fully ruched back.) I believe someone with a much larger chest than mine would also fit into this dress due to the elastic in the back. I think the sizing chart placed me at a medium, but I'm happy I went a size down! There was plenty of room at my waist.


I hemmed the bottom about 4 inches to make sure my petticoat was visible for contrasting colors. Standard petticoats will still help with the shape, but I would suggest hemming if you want to see the colors.


Super comfortable, and would look lovely even without a petticoat.


I will be purchasing more colors for daily wear soon!


This dress was amazing. The material was breathable and it was long enough to cover my feet even in 5in heals and I'm 5'7. However, for washing purposes I suggest dry cleaning this dress but all in all if this dress came in different colors I'd totally buy it in a heartbeat.


I bought this dress to fit a specific model when we were doing a photo shoot with a 1950's theme. This dress looked like it was tailor-made for the model and it looked absolutely stunning on her. I was surprised, given the low price, that the quality is so outstanding. It is a very well made garment, If you are looking for a vintage looking 1950's dress, this is definitely for you. I plan on buying this same dress in some of their other patterns.


I'm 5'2" with a 31" waist and 34D bust. I ordered a M and it fits perfectly. Although I will have to hem it a few inches as I am too short for the dress.


I absolutely am in awe over this dress! The material is soft, comfortable and durable. I had actually expected the material to be thinner and very see through but it was not at all. I am having a 50's themed wedding and ordered one to see how well I liked it before making my decision for the bridesmaids. This dress is the winner! I have three daughters. This dress size small fit my 15 yr old. If they came in smaller sizes I would order them for my 7 and 10 year old too. Thank you for your honesty!


I ordered this as a bridesmaid dress.  It fit well and got the job done for not much money.  The material is mostly cotton so it looks a little more like a typical bridesmaid dress and not super cheap and stretchy.  I ordered a large and I am very busty (34DDD).  It fit perfectly in the bust as the back has elastic sewn into it.  If you have a smaller chest this might not be the dress for you.  This dress came folded up in a tiny plastic bag so I had to iron it A LOT before I wore it.  Overall, it is a great dress!


The only thing I did not like about the dress is that it has strange bunched stitching in the center of the bust area.  You can kind of see it in the pictures but it looks weird and different in person.


For fit reference, I am 5'9", 36c and about 150 lbs. I bought the sky blue in a large after reading reviews about these running slightly small.


This fits GREAT. The fabric feels nice but sturdy, and the bust doesn't pull at the buttons.


I bought this since I need cute dresses with easy boob access for breast feeding (why are maternity clothes so frumpy?!).


The buttons are functional (and adorable), so this dress suits my needs perfectly. If it would come in more print options, even better! (A must for breastfeeding and baby drool stains)


The dress reached my knees which is a bit long for my liking, so I may have it hemmed a few inches.


It’s a nice dress,but the sleeves are a little tight and the neck is awkward. The dress is perfect for the event we are going to, so I’m going to keep it.


I bought the red with white polka dots for a Minnie Mouse costume and loved it so much I ordered the black one too (who knew petty coats were so flattering?!). The black one was made differently and is not as cute. The red had stretchy fabric across the back to make it fit well up top (I am not well-endowed). The black was just regular material in back with a band of elastic at the top - it looks saggy and I have never even worn it.


If I were just rating the black, it would get one star. If I were just rating the red with polka dots, it would get five.


