As another review suggested I did read other reviews of Anni Coco dresses before ordering. I ordered a size up because it does run small. Also there is no give so if you are really big busted you might want to order two sizes up and have the dress altered or wear a minimizer bra underneath. I've chosen to go with the minimizer route. It does have a side zipper which I tend to have struggles with in general but since I sized up, it seems to fit fine.


That being said, this dress is adorable. I bought it to wear to a 50s themed event and it does not disappoint. For the price it was perfect. It is a full skirt so if you want to a crinoline under it for added bounce that shouldn't be a problem. I love the gray color and the ruffle detail with the hear buttons. This dress is super cute. It is a bit thin so I am going to add a cardigan and some tights to make sure I am warm enough. I received this item at a discount in exchange for my honest feedback.


This would be a great affordable option for Daper Days at Disney.


Disclosure: I received this item at a discount in exchange for my honest feedback.


As I had read that the dress fits small, I ordered a XXL instead of an XL for safe measures. However, the dress was still too small, especially in the upper half of the dress. Luckily, I have been losing weight and working out and feel that in 10 more pounds, it should fit perfect. I love the color  and the material. It's a very lite weight fabric, which will make it great to wear in the summer. I plan on packing it for my honeymoon in June. My fiance loved the dress as well, and he typically isn't a fan of the 50's style that I love. It makes me think of an "I Love Lucy" dress, which I am a huge fan of. I think the dress could be worn in a variety of places. I'm a teacher and would totally wear it to work, I'd love to wear it to church, out to eat with my fiance, to the theater, or possibly to the grocery store I love it so much. I will definitely will be purchasing more like this!


I truly love this dress, despite it being too small to wear right now.


I received this product at a discounted price, in exchange for my honest opinion review.


This is such a cute dress! It's perfect for anyone who loves vintage style, but doesn't want to draw too much attention to themselves. In other words, this dress is beautiful and unique, but wouldn't look too out of place next to dresses typically worn today. You could probably wear it to school, work, out shopping, or wherever! It's very comfortable - the fabric is extremely soft and durable, and the stitching seems to be strong, so it doesn't seem like it would rip easily at all, which can be uncommon with clothes these days. I read on the reviews that people said it runs a little small, so while I typically wear a US 2-4, I ordered a medium, just to be safe, especially for the bust area (I am a 32DDD). I think that was a good decision, and it's probably a good idea to go up a size from your normal size for this dress. I wouldn't worry about it being too loose, because the only place where you probably want it to be tight is the waist. It probably won't look as good if it's too tight in the chest and the buttons are pulling. Overall, I am extremely satisfied with my purchase, and I will definitely consider buying from Anni Coco again!! I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.


Let me just say that this is a very flattering dress.  Not only does the wide (1-1/2") belt combined with the fit- and- flare skirt create a nice waist line, but also the bodice seam falls just underneath the bust, at the middle of the rib cage.  The illusion is a very beautiful hour- glass form, even for those of us who are less- than- perfect and non- hour- glass shapes!


The capped sleeves are just adorable.  They are beautifully gathered and aren't too tight on the upper arm. (That is a problem I often run into with cap sleeves.) Once again, a flattering fit.


The weight of the fabric of the dress is nice and summer- time light.  I look forward to wearing this in the heat of the summer when I want to look good and still be comfortable. The fabric has a nice "stiffness" to it, for lack of a better word.  I found this made it easier to steam (or iron if you do) than most light cotton fabric.  It seems to keep its form and not wrinkle as easily as other cottons I wear.  The covered buttons on the bodice are done well.  They look good.  The zipper on the left side under the arm is quality, can't be seen, it is sewn in well, and is easy to navigate.  It doesn't get caught in the fabric while zipping up.  That's a big deal to me,


A word about the size: This is a dress for short- waisted women.  That is, if you are long- waisted, this is not the dress for you.  I'm just short all the way around, so although I'm not considered short- waisted in overall proportion, this dress is just the fit that works for me.  Also, if you are more than a C cup, the buttons WILL gap.  This means that it is a REALLY good choice for small- chested women because of the illusion it creates for that hour- glass figure with a perfect fit (no gaps under the arm pits because you don't fill out the chest area- we know who we are).  Lying flat, the measurement across the seam just under the bust is 14-1/2", if that helps.  Measuring one of your own tops or dresses this way may help you know the cut of this dress will work for you.  Another thing I want to mention about the size: the length is shorter than I expected for this 50s, vintage style dress.  I don't list this as a con, as this is a personal preference thing, but the measurement (again, lying flat on the table) is 17" from the middle of the belt loop to the bottom of the dress.  It falls about 2" above my knees on my shorter- than- average legs.


All in all, I'm very glad to have this dress.  It makes a perfect addition to my summer wardrobe and I will also get a lot of use out of it in the spring and fall with a sweater (a bolero for sure, as I wouldn't want to mess up the perfect design for a flattering fit!


This item was purchased at a discounted price in exchange for and honest and unbiased review.


Disappointed. The style of the dress and the material appears that it would be a nice dress. However, the one I received, had the black color bleeding into the white color in every spot where it was folded. It just looked moldy.  Secondly, although this is supposed to be a long dress, it is very, very long. Even if I wore 5" heels it still would have been touching the ground. Unless you are at least 5'9" bare foot, this dress is not for you, unless you intend to alter. And the bodice (top part) of the dress is very small, so it will actually hug your torso snuggly. It has elastic bra-type spagetti thin straps which I think may not be strong enough for the weight of the dress. Still think it  may be a nice dress for the right sized person.


I am 200 lbs, 5'9" tall, I wear 36 I bra (bust measurement 49"), I'm thickish in the middle and suffer with muffin top.  I ordered the XXL.  I usually wear XL to XXL, and 16 in US sizes.  Occasionally a US 14 fits but the bust is tight. Now for this dress, it is super cute on. My husband loved it too.  It is very short waisted (and I am long waisted).  However, on me due to my large bust I wanted some modesty, so I pulled up the the waist line a bit, almost to my mid-drift. The length on this dress allows me to pull it up and still be able to wear my petticoat with it.  It covered up the "girls" really nice and since it's a halter I could tie it in place.  I also pulled the dress to my waist and the girls popped out in a very sexy way (but I'm a little old to wear it that way in public).  I did purchase a 25" petticoat slip to wear with this dress.  I loved the look of it with the petticoat.  My husband loved it without it.  I will wear it both ways.  I indicated that it was somewhat large.  This dress has a zipper on the side and I do not need to use it.  I can slip it on over my head very easily.  I am keeping this dress but if I order it again, I will order an XL.  For those women that do no like halter top dresses, there is plenty of tie to either make regular straps or even criss-cross the ties in the back.


Its a lovely dress, but I wasn't flattering at all! It was really loose on me. After lots of sewing, I managed to make it into a dress that I love.


If you only read one part of this review, it should be this - Use your measurements and the sizing chart provided to select a size! If you aren't able to do that, order one size bigger than you usually do. I normally take a small, but after checking the sizing chart before ordering, I stuck with what it said and got the medium. It fits perfectly! So don't be too surprised if you order your normal size and find it too small.


Aside from that, this is a gorgeous dress and looks so cute on. I love the ruffle detail and heart buttons. The fabric is soft and washes well. A light ironing wouldn't hurt, but most of the time it comes out with few or no wrinkles and I just throw it on and go. Depending on your comfort level, you may or may not need a slip for it. It doesn't seem to show your undergarments, but will show the outline of your legs if there's any light behind you. I know some people don't mind that - I prefer to wear it with a slip on the bottom. The top is fine as is - no problems with bra lines or colors showing through.


I expected to only kind of like this dress, but have fallen completely in love with it. So comfortable, so cute, and my husband says it shows of all the right things. I'll be looking for similar dresses by this company to purchase.


I received this product free or at a discount in exchange for my honest review. All opinions are my own and did not affect the purchase price.


The navy is so cute! I'm 5'5 125lbs and mostly legs and this dress hits just below my knees which means it's a great work or interview dress with some personality! I love girly details so the ruffles and the heart buttons are perfect. You can feel the light weight and comfort of cotton as soon as you put it on and the little bit of stretch it has means that bending down & moving is very comfortable in this dress. I can definitely wear it all day without feeling restricted.


While I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review, this dress is well worth the full price and then some. I plan on buying additional colors at full price in the future. This review will be updated with any new information as it become available from use.


This dress is super cute! I love the style and how the length. It comes down to just over my knees. The dress is a bit small in the chest area, but I am not to concerned since I am losing weight. I would recommend ordering at least a size or two bigger than you would normally wear. I ordered an XXL even though I thought a XL would fit, but thankfully I chose to go a little higher up. I am hoping to be able to wear this by the spring. I love that the fabric is not see through like most women's clothes are. I do not need to wear a slip under this dress.


I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review.


