Love this dress it is so cute on. It is longer, goes past my knees. I wear size 12/14 in dresses and I am 5'3. I ordered an XL  but I could have done with an L. The chest and bust area fits perfect. The material is a little bit crispy, but I think this will soften up after a wash.


This is a very cute dress and I love the heart buttons on it. The light blue is a pretty color and it fits well. It is very comfortable, everything about it is flattering, and it's not see through. I'm very happy with my purchase. I ordered a medium, I'm 5'4" 32 DD, 27, 40.


This dress is beautiful!!! I am 5'6, 135 lbs., and wear a 34DD. It wasn't too snug any wear, even in the chest (which I was worried about). Gives nice flow through the hips. This is nice for us curvier ladies! The heart buttons are an especially cute addition! Love the red color too! So vibrant!!


Love this dress! I ordered it from the actual merchandiser, Annin Coco, on Amazon and this dress was even better in person! I am about 5'4" 130lbs and it fits perfectly! It is very form fitting, but looks awesome! I wore this dress to a wedding and got a ton of compliments on it! Would definitely buy from them again! There were several reviews that the dress was too short, but that was not the case when I received it at all, it was just long enough and the length was perfect with heels!


It was a perfect fit according to the specifications that were given in the description. The material is sturdy, which makes this a great working dress. It is also very comfortable. I would highly recommend this to a working woman who wants to look cute, but be comfortable. The shipping was also pretty quick.


This dress is so cute and well made.  it's a shame that it is not sized appropriately


It is at least 2 sizes too small. The length is 3 inches above the knee on a person who is 5'2".  Also, you better have a smallish waist or your going to look like the dancing hippo on Madagascar.


Although I could  not wear it, (dancing hippo) it looks awesome on my size 8 sister (I ordered an xxl). She has an hourglass figure.


Great dress, I love it so much!! But, there was a sizing issue. People's reviews were like " get a size bigger!!" I got the original size, anyway. I'm 140 lbs, 5'4, small bust/waist large hips. This was SO BIG on me. I'm a relatively petite girl, normally a small, so I ordered small. I thought it was going to be snug and ud have to loose a few before this dance. Nope. I have to gain like 10 lbs for this to fit. Don't get me wrong, I absolutely LOVE the dress. I just wish I could have tried it on.


What a fabulous dress! This was exactly what I was looking for, light weight, stylish, vintage, adorable! The length is perfect for me, right below the knee. I ordered a large and general wear a size 6.  I cannot wait to wear it to work! My only complaint, which is with 90% of dresses, add pockets. Why don't dresses come with pockets?!?


Very thin material, did not like it!


The dress is EXACTLY as picture.  The sleeve opening is a bit large as some of the previous reviews stated (I am 5'1" 114lbs).  There is a strong chemical odor when you get it.  I have washed it once but will probably need to wash again prior to wearing because the smell is so strong.  The overall construction of this dress is good and definitely worth the price.


