Beautiful nice quality dresses! The vintage style makes you want every color! I do recommend getting a petty coat, something that was brought to my attention in a review. I bought a large and it fit perfectly! I am 5'6" 145 lbs 36B size/10 The bow can be tied in the front or the back. I paired my dress with a 3/4 sleeve cardigan and some vintage heels. Super cute!


So keep this in mind: This is a $25 dress, so the material is not the highest quality. That being said, it's exactly as I expected it to be and I love it. I am 130 lbs, 5'7, and a 34 B around the chest. A size small was perfect. It fits tightly around the chest (but that's a good thing), and the hidden zipper makes it feel perfectly snug. The fabric is not lined, and the dress is a little long (falls below my knee) so I might take it in for some adjustments. Overall would definitely recommend.


This is a super cute dress but you definitely need to size up. I normally wear a size 16 dress and I ordered a 2 XL and it was a snug fit in the bust area. Usually when I buy dresses or tops they are way too big in the bust area, because I wasn't as blessed as most in the boob department, so I was pretty shocked that it was tight in that area!


I have several Anni Coco dresses and I love them all. This one, the material is very different from the others. It's a slick material, not entirely sure what it's made of, and it has no give in it whatsoever. I bought the correct size, the size I have always gotten, and the zipper actually busted open when I was wearing it because of the strain. Pretty dress, but maybe size up.


The polka-dot halter looks AMAZING! The material is sturdy, the straps can be turned into either halter or tank, with a bit of sewing/tacking. I'm considering these for my bridesmaids dresses!


ONLY drawback is I have a bit of pudge above my belly button, and as these fit tight below the breasts, it makes that pudge stick out 50% more. Slimmer is a must! But other than that, this dress is VERY flattering! I have a pear shape, and my best friend has a square shape and this looked great on both of us! (minus the pudge issue on me)


This dress fits like a dream. I'm 5'3", 116lb, bust 35" and waist 36". I have slightly wide shoulders for my frame, so I was worried that this dress' cap sleeves would dig in, but they're very comfy. The length hits an inch or two above my knee, so a warning if you're much taller than 5'2"-5'3"! The sash accentuates my waist nicely, but I prefer to wear it without to allow freer breathing (and eating!). The dress has several functional buttons on the chest, as well as a side zipper with a small slim hidden zipper. (Undoing both makes it easier to get into and out of the dress) I wear this mostly for work (at a busy coffee shop), and it's comfy for my whole 8-hour shift!


I love these dresses because the fabric is comfortable with a bit of a stretch, the skirt of the dress is nice and flowy, and the quality for the price is great. I ordered one navy blue with the heart buttons and one pure red without the heart buttons, both in large. The pure red is a tad more snug and shorter than the navy blue, but the navy blue fits me perfectly in a large. I want to order a pure color dress in x-large to see if that fits better than the large. For reference, my approximate measurements are 38/33/40 and I am 5'9'' 164lbs.


Pretty, work appropriate dress!  I ended up buying the red in a size Medium. I think it will make a great holiday dress when the time comes.  I'm 5'3", 130lbs, D cup, and it's a snug fit, mostly in the chest, so if you are busty I'd reconsider or order larger.  Pic attached!


I'm 5'8" 195lbs and this dress fits everywhere so good except the bust.  I had another dress I had this problem with, but a different bra helped with that one.  This one no matter what bra I wore I had a gape on the bust line (I am a 40DD).  However nothing a well placed safety pin couldn't fix.  Other than that, it really flattered my curves.  I received a lot of compliments on this dress.  If you have large bust then I would invest in a safety pin. Other than that I love it.  I bought the yellow and purple one too and all the same in the bust area.


This dress is great - the mid section is a little on the tight side, but nothing extreme. The color is perfect. I really love all my retro dresses, and this one tends to be a favorite. It lands right about at my knee, so I wish it was a little shorter or a little longer (hits kinda weird) - but overall it's not bad. The fabric wrinkles easily so you need to hang this and steam it periodically.


