I bought this dress for my 17th birthday and was unable to wear it.  The sizing for below the bust is perfect...the bust..not so much.  I'm a fairly busty girl (44DD for those who are curious) and the was much too small. My breasts didn't even fit inside!  It was funny, sad and embarrassing all at once.


Poor quality fabric, stitching and cut uneven and loose threads in multiple locations. Very disappointing, I was not expecting anything award winning, just a cute dress but it is actually very embarrassing and not wearable. Also the cups are a very odd cut, not just based on my cup size, but actually shape of the fabric. Waste of money completely.


the sizing was WAY off.  I ordered a large (10-12) and it was tiny.  It wouldn't even close across the front and I usually where an 8.  very strong chemical smell to the fabric as well.  not sure if it will wash out.  will definitely return.


Very happy with my purchase. Better quality than I expected, Medium fit well (I'm typically medium or a size 8 in dresses). Wore it for my birthday and the inside of zipper drove me a little crazy rubbing on my ribcage, but forgot about it as the evening went on.


This dress is super cute. A little longer than I thought but once I put it on it was perfect. I'm thinking about getting another one!


I liked this. I wish I had not bought the color gray. I should have purchased a happier color. I'm 5' 7" and weigh 173.


Looks great, a little thin REALLY needs a petticoat. If you are busty, the girls will come out the sides a little.


This dress is a total winner. Beautifully made. Fit like a dream. Received a ton of compliments wearing it to a party. Just received another one, in a rich deep purple. I will buy from this seller over and over.


I ordered this dress for my daughter's wedding. It came fast and it's what's expected for the dress. I love the dress, it fits almost perfect. I ordered large. I'm 5'5 165lbs and a 38dd bra size. It's tight in the chest area but I'll manage. I'm ordering a petticoat to wear underneath. I will upload photos when the petticoat arrives. I suggest a x-large for people with my measurements. I ordered red 2


Well made quality dress. Ordered x-large and it fits perfectly. I am 5" 6", 169 lbs. I usually wear between medium and large. Good buy.


