I normally wear a size large in dresses so I ordered an XL because its always just safer to do it that way anyway. I have someone that cantata it in if need be.


The dress did fit a tad big on the waist area but nothing to make me want to return it.


I love the material its not cheaply made.


It flows nicely and the petty coat is also a great little add on.


 you don't have to wear it with the petticoat i didn't and it still looks great


This dress would be great for a casual sundress. It is not formal or "dressy". Does not seem too heavy and can be worn with or without a petticoat.  No padding in the bra area so dress accordingly. I'm 5'5", 115lbs, 34d & usually wear a size small. The small was a little too big on me and did not grip to me as I would like.


I love every single thing about the stress except the bees so unfortunately it is going back and I am going to order a polkadot one and a plain black one!!  Fits to perfection and the polished cotton is magnificent. I love the flowers on the dress but I just am uncomfortable with the bees. They are much larger than I thought and it's throughout the dress. So sorry about that.


This dress is awesome!  The fit is perfect and the picture does not do it justice.  I normally wear a 6/8 US, but I didn't want it to be too small so I ordered a LARGE.  I am 5' 8", 140 lbs. and wear a 36D.  It comes down to my knees.The color is exactly as pictured and it is very expensive looking.  I Love it.  I bought a Rockabilly Petticoat to wear with it, but it as it is full enough without it.  The top is a little snug, but it fits.This dress is worth the money.


I just received this dress today and therefore haven't yet worn it anywhere, but I have tried it on and already really like it! The material seems nice and lightweight, but not cheap and see through. I'm 5'2" and usually wear an XL but, heeding some of the other reviews here, I ordered this in XXL and it fits perfect and falls nicely. The picture on the left is worn with a petticoat, and the other one is without. I think it falls nicely either way. :)


it's fairly cute! The fabric isn't super high quality, but if you use a petticoat it's not a big deal. I also thought that the heart buttons looked cheap and was kinda little kid-ish. I ended up replacing them with vintage buttons and it looked pretty good! What I like about this dress as a pumping mom is that the buttons are functional. I'm fairly busty and have a post baby belly. I felt the cute still was flattering on my body.


This dress fitted a bit tight and was not as flattering as I had hoped.  Unfortunately, the dress was returned.


The Good:  The color is nice, not as bright as photoed.  The material is decent and the dress appeared well made.


The Not-So-Good:  The dress fits tightly and was not flattering on the body.  If you wanted a brighter blue, this is not the dress...  Mine was more navy.


Overall:  I am not a big fan of this dress, but it appears well enough made.


I was scared that it wouldn't fit, but it is a nice material with a little stretch(not a lot). I put a bkack petty coat underneath and I was fly!


Absolutely gorgeous dress. Fit perfectly! A definite show stopper. I ordered a XL and I am 5'5", 189lbs. The length was great with a wedge heel, but on the floor with flats-either way still cute. The dress is well made with a very breathable material. I would definitely buy this again.


I love this dress!!  I am 5"5', 145 lbs and a 34DD. I originally ordered a medium, however it was too big around my waist and chest, so I returned it and got a small. To my surprise the small fit perfectly!! It worked really well for my Marilyn Monroe Halloween costume :)


