When ordering this dress, I wasn't sure what size to order, im in the middle of losing weight and I was torn between wanting to order a dress that fits me NOW but may fit too big in the future, or a dress that is smaller now, but may fit LATER. I took a chance and ordered the large hoping for the best. After I placed my order, I panicked because it looked to me like the other girls that ordered a large and wrote reviews looked a lot smaller than me and i thought "great, most likely it wont fit." But to my surprise when it arrived, It fit!! i was happy to see that the fabric has some stretch to it which makes it fit comfortably but i have a feeling it will still fit as i lose weight; Im currently 40 inches at the largest part of my bust a 33 1/2 inch waist. The only minor issue with fit is the buttons pull a little bit over my chest but i was suprised to see this dress comes with a side zipper; i can pull the dress over my head without having to undo the buttons so im going to be using my sewing machine to sew the front shut. I ordered the color yellow because i wanted a color i could wear almost year round and this almost mustard yellow is perfect. Be aware that this color is a bit see through (i could see my black bra when i first tried it on) so nude undies are a must and i imagine the same applies for the other lighter color choices. My only wish for this dress is that it were longer, im 5'6 and this dress hits right at my knee which is fine, i just wanted more of that 1950s below the knee look but its still a cute modest dress I'll enjoy wearing. It also didnt come with care instructions so i just washed it in cold water and hung to dry like all my other delicates ( i didnt iron the dress when i took these pics, thats what it looks like after hanging dry).  Overall i think the quality matches the price, its not an overly extravagant and expensive dress but its definitely a nice dress.


P.S. im not one of those people doing reviews in exchange for discounts, i paid full price for this dress.


I received this item at a discounted amount and I would like to leave my honest unbiased opinion.


There's a total of 13 photos included in my review. Ok, lets just get straight to the point. I am a real reviewer, if an item does not meet my requirements I will rate accordingly. There will be no fancy prop to go with any of my reviews. These pictures are taken in my home, real pictures and real reviews. Upon opening the package and feeling the fabric of the dress, it does feel expensive compared to my other pricey retro dresses. The dress is not lined from the waist down, but it is NOT SEE THROUGH. There is a hidden zipper on the side of the dress, very hidden. The back of the dress is of spandex to give you mobility to move around and in case you ordered a size to small it will still fit. The halter straps are thick, it does not feel like the dress will be able to get loose and untie itself... I am not busted in my top area, even with a strapless bra the dress still held the bra intact. It is breathable fabric, it is not shiny nor does it look cheap. This will be a great dress for anyone wanting the retro pinup look. The length of the dress hit right under my knees. I am 5'5 128lbs 36b 27 waist and I ordered a size Small.


I bought this exact dress about 6 years ago on Modcloth for $49 in yellow. Well fast forward 5 years of marriage and a baby and it definitely no longer fit. I was surprised to see it on amazon for so cheap. My only complaint is the size of the button holes but that was an easy fix. Great flattering dress but a little tight for busty women. I'm 5.6', 158lbs, and I wear a 36D to DD depending on when I've nursed last. Hope that helps someone.


I bought this dress with my fingers crossed because buying clothes online usually doesn't work out for me but I really loved this dress. It fits very well.  I wear a 14/16 and I'm a size 40 DD in the chest area. I ordered and XLarge.


I ordered this in a large.


My measurements:


- Bust 38" (bra 34 DD)


- waist 29"


- hips 40"


I had this dress on a wishlist on a popular clothing site I frequent. I stumbled upon it on here for a much better price! This dress is well made. The fabric isn't see through. I didn't need to put a slip underneath. In the photos I have a solid black bra and panties beneath. This dress is very slimming. The buttons are hearts! They're fully functional buttons. I say this because I've bought dresses in the past that have decorative buttons lol. It's a good thing to know prior to purchase. Side zipper is very discreet. The front wants to pucker on me but not to the extent that my chest is revealed. Which is awesome, I tend to have severe front puckering issues and have to alter my clothes. Overall I am very pleased with this dress. It is very well made. It exceeds my expectations. I have a petticoat on in a couple of the photos. I also ironed it prior to wearing. It irons nicely.


I recieved this product at a discounted price for my honest review.


I don't know about anyone else, but I read the reviews hoping for three things:


1. To find out the reviewer's weight, and weight. Measurements are a HUGE bonus.


2. What size they ordered.


3. Pictures.


These things help me make an educated guess of which size I need to order, based upon their height, weight, and the size they ordered. If you tell me you ordered a small, but it was too small, it doesn't help me at all if I don't know that you're 5'1", and 110lbs, so a small should have fit... For all I know you could be 190lbs, and had no business thinking you should have fit in a small in the first place, you know? The sizing guides are quite often not accurate so we have to rely on each other leaving detailed feedback to avoid the return, and re-order game.


So here is my pertinent info: I'm 5'9", 147lbs, my measurements are 37" chest, 28" waist, and 38" hips.


I normally wear a medium in dresses, and I ordered this in a medium. It fit perfectly, so perfectly that I didn't need to wear the 9 way convertible bra I was planning to wear with it, so that was a plus, because those things are uncomfortable when you wear them for backless dresses. I'll warn you that if it doesn't fit so perfectly on you, you're going to need a 9 way convertible, or backless bra, because there is no conceivable way to wear a normal bra with this dress. I tried just to see if it was possible for this review, and I couldn't figure out how it could be done. The back is just too odd.


The material has very minimal stretch, it is a decent weight. Not too thin, but not too heavy, good swing dress material, but it isn't very forgiving. It floats when you twirl, and swishes when you walk, which is exactly what I look for in this style dress. I tried pulling the skirt with my hands, and it didn't have any give. A lot of the pinup swing style dresses are made with material that stretches, but this isn't one of them, so keep that in mind when you're picking out your size.


I wore a 26" petticoat underneath it, but it was extremely cute without it. Looked like the pictures listed in the adds. I'm a fan of poof though, so I prefer a petticoat.


If you order the correct size, and get a backless bra you will likely be happy with this dress.


I really, really want to love this dress! The material is lightweight, so it would be great for spring or summer. The design of the dress is true to the pictures displayed, however, the issue came up on my chest area. I don't know if a bigger size would solve the issue, but a bigger dress would not sit as nicely on the rest of my body. The chest area squished my boobs, making them look indented. My husband said you couldn't really tell, but that's all I could focus on when I looked in the mirror. Unfortunately, I'll be returning this dress. Maybe it's just not meant to be for those of us who are busty. Every other part of the dress, I loved. It's a darling dress, and if you're not too well-endowed, I'd recommend giving it a try! I ordered a 2X, which is one size up from my normal.


For reference, I am:


5'10


220lbs


size 16/18


38DDD


Dress fits great and is decent quality for the price. I'm 5'10 and about a size 8-10 in most dresses and the large fits perfect.


I love this dress I ordered it for dapper day in Disneyland. I felt like I could have gone a size smaller but everyone was saying it ran small so I ordered medium.it fits good but I like my clothes to be fit. I am 5'5 136 lb and my bra size is 34 C. I would definitely order again! Thank you!


Love LOVE this dress!  Sexy and fun!  Fits perfect, like it was made just for me.


