Absolutely adorable with quality material. It looked exactly the way it's pictured. I am an xl and quite curvy and buxom.  This dress slipped right on without the use of the zipper. The chest part and waist were not snug at all. Order your correct size. Gorgeous!


My first day at work with it and I absolutely love it. I'm 130lbs 5'4 and small fit perfectly. The shoulders/arms feel a bit tight or rough everything else fits perfectly. It reaches right at the knee, but if I stand up straight it's a little little above the knee. The belt is nice when you put the bow in the back as well.


HANDS DOWN ABSOLUTELY NO QUESTION IN BUYING THIS DRESS! JUST BUY IT! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED! FITS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING SHOWING OFF YOUR CURVES AND IS ABSOLUTELY STUNNING.


The dress fits well. I ordered a Lg. I'm 160lbs. 38-40c. The only reason I took a star away is because it is long on me. I am 5'2 and would have liked a petite size available. I have 2 other dresses shipping here. So we will see which dress gets chosen.


Nicely made dress, good fabric and the belt is separate, not attached. Excellent fit for the actor in a play. Only criticism would be that the short sleeves are a bit extreme and stick out s little stiffly. Easily remedied. All over a very nice dress.


This dress is well made and looks great! I am a size 12/14 so I ordered the XL. It is a little bit big up top, but that's cool with me cause I don't like tight clothes. Very happy with this purchase for this price. Only negatime is the buttons are loose so I'll have to re-sew them but that's ok!


Dress is a bulkier below the waist than I prefer. Material resembles an apron or tablecloth, but looks pretty decent on my curvy figure. Im usually a size 16, and got the 1X whuch fits with some extra room. Pretty great dress for the price.


Fit perfectly, like a dream and I Love it. I purchased this with moments to spare for a wedding I attended on New Year's Eve- it got to me right on time, and it was beautiful. Fits me exactly perfect- I took measurements to match the size chart (bothering only with the chest and waist measurements) and I can't underscore how much I adore this. I want to order it in every color.


It was a good quality dress, but as there weren't any customer photos of this particular style, I didn't realize that the skirt was shorter (several inches above the knee, and I'm 5'4") than the other style grouped together with this one.  Also, the top was a bit snug.  For someone with a different build and tastes, this is a great dress.  I can't truthfully say I love it because it's not for me, but I don't want to give it a terrible rating because it's a great dress for the price, for someone who doesn't mind the shorter skirt, etc.


I have never bought clothes for myself on a website. I used the comments to pick my dress. I am a 34D, 26.6 inch waist, 34.9 inch hip, 167 lbs and 5'5". The large size fits perfectly. I am in love with this dress! My husband calls it my Stepford dress.


