Beautiful dress. Has a few loose threads but nothings crazy. Cleaning it has been an easy task too.


This is my favorite maxi dress. I am 5'5 and wear between a 16-18 I ordered xl and it fits perfect and is long enough sits right on top of feet. I have 38dd chest the chest is a little snug but not uncomfortable so anyone who is larger this wouldn't work for you on chest area. The top black area comes down just to hip area (where love handles are) give you a slender look and covers any flaws. The only down side is if you wear shape wear or under garments you definitely need neutral color so it doesn't show through the white This dress is not see through but on the white when I had shape wear on I could see the lining and imprint. I am in love with my dress and get lots of compliments when wearing gives you the sassy classy elegant look. The zipper in the back is long so easily stepped into and put on but I always have to get help to zip all the way up. I washed on delicate and let air dry. It is 96% Cotton and 4% Spandex. This dress is absolutely beautiful I am very pleased its hard to find great quality dresses for bigger women.


I received this product at a discount rate in exchange for a honest and unbiased review This is 100% my opinion and review testing I am not affiliated with company nor product.


My loves the dress. She got lots of compliments from people at church and from my fashion aware family.


The overall fit of this dress is okay, but the straps are more like bra straps and make it seem kind of cheap.


Love the dress fit real well. No complaints at all. I looked great in it and got lots of compliments


The dress I received looked nothing like the picture.  It was awful, more like a costume than a dress.


I normally wear a 14 in dresses (5'4" and 210) so I ordered XXL given the other comments from previous buyers. I'm a 38DDD so the buttons stretch but otherwise is a perfect fit.


Disliked this product way too small.  This isn't China.


My daughter loves this dress!  It isn't near as full as it appears in the picture, but it worked perfectly for the occasion.  Difficult to iron the wrinkles out of it though.  Overall, it was just what she wanted and it looked good!


Very small. The material is cheap and the packaging was awful. Rolled up in a plastic bag.


