The dress is nice but its big on me. I realized it would be since the bust measurements given by the company is 37in and I'm 32in. Don't base your size off of what other people write, its true to size as given by the company. I still really like the style so i will overlook the slight size difference. The material crinkles easily and it doesn't help the way it is packaged. Mine came in two bags, added protection but it crushes the fabric, which leaves creases in the fabric. Yes i can iron it out, which i did, but its difficult to get the creases out. The dress seems longer than i originally expected. It comes down mid calf (Im 5'1''). Also i paid for two day shipping and it came a day late. Thankfully my event was two days after the delivery date so i wasn't too worried. Overall a beautiful dress which i will love wearing for a long time. I might even buy another in a different color.


I absolutely love this dress it fits perfectly I'm 5'7" 155lbs 36D usually a size large but the medium fits like a glove. I did shorten the dress by 3-4inches just as a style preference.  The description is accurate, the fabric is a thick cotton with a bit of spandex for stretch. This is one of my favorite dresses and I always get a lot of compliments when I wear it.


I love this dress. Almost exactly like the About The Artist dress on Modcloth. The collar comes up a little too high for me but otherwise it's just SO cute. Wish the sleeves were longer instead of capsleeves (which I think are totally unflattering on everyone... what's the point of having sleeves if you can still see pit sweat (and stubble)?! Still totally gorgeous. Very flattering! I'm a size 12-14 and got an XXL in red. (And what a lovely red! Definitely turns heads).


Love the dress. I'm a USA size 8 and 5'4. The dress is perfect for me. It falls just below my ankles. The fit is a little snug in the stomach area. I would say, if you were a size 10 - buy XL. If you are six 6, buy M. But, if you are tall, this dress may not work for you in the length department.


This dress is crazy cute, and the quality is great. I got so many compliments on it! I'm 5'9", about 125, and I ordered the medium. I'm glad I chose the size I did because it gives the dress a nice length - just a little below the knee - but it could stand to be a bit more fitted. That said, the sash cinches it all in and makes it look great. I made my best friend order one, I love mine so much. Just buy this dress.Wear it out to dinner, wear it to church, wear it for Halloween - love it!


So, I originally measured my daughter, and the size small was the exact fit.  I ordered the small originally.  When it arrived, I realized I should have ordered the medium.  It was very tailored (meaning tight) she barely had any room to breath or raise her arms.  I returned the small and ordered the medium, which was a much more roomy fit across the chest and shoulders.  The waist looks great...its all very tailored so keep in mind your measurements and whether or not you like breathing :)


I absolutely loved this dress when I received it. It fit perfectly, was long enough to wear with 3 inch heels and I am 5'8". I received multiple compliments when I wore it the first time. However, I am giving it one star because after I washed my dress it is no longer black and white, it is black and gray. It looks horrible!  I washed it in cold water and it still faded.


This dress is extremely cute, and it looks great with a petticoat. After wearing it only once, I've already received a ton of compliments. I'm 5'1 and it comes down a few inches below my knees. The material is nice and thick, too, so it isn't see-through. The yellow color is true to the image as well. The zipper is on the side, and the buttons are heart-shaped (I didn't notice that in the images!). Overall, it's a very nice dress!


I am a costume designer. I purchased this as a costume for an actress in a musical. I'm glad I bought a XXL, as I suspected it would run small. (My actress is about a size 14, and in the US, an XXL is usually about an 18 or 20.)


It has some stretch, and that allows it to give a little. It does fit my actress, and looks very sweet in it.


I will keep an eye out for your products again in future.


Nice quality. Very well made dress. It had plenty of room and the color is beautiful. I have yet to wear it out but I can imagine it will generate some compliments.


