Fast delivery and was exactly what the description stated. I wear a size Medium, and it was a bit big and longer than I expected. I ended up giving it to my Aunt who wears a size Large. It fit her perfectly.


This dress is very pretty, the only drawback is the lack of care instructions.  There was a card attached to the dress that gave some information but for several different types of material.  The card instructions to "follow in seam care instructions" but the only inseam anything is the company name.  No care instructions or even material listing :(


The dress is wonderful, I just hope that I don't ruin in accidentally.


I LOVE this dress, I matched it with a Tutu skirt I also bought on here. It was perfect for my 50's party I had to go to... If I can I will post a picture soon.


I will say without the underskirt to poof it up, I'm not a big fan of it. I works just not my favorite.


Also, I have a larger chest (34DD) but a 28 inch waist. Another reviewer suggest to buy the size in between your waist and breast and to sew the top closed. (Making buttons decoration not functional). To fix puckering ~The annoying button gap~ and more cinching can happen with the belt.


I didn't not sew, I used double-sided sticky tape.


I cannot day enough wonderful things about this dress. It fits like a glove!! I bought this to wear to my brothers baby shower. I can’t wait to show it off. Plus I plan on doing some photo shoots with it. It fits my pin up style. For help with sizing, I’m a size 10/12 jeans, 38DDD. I bought the XL and it’s perfect. Snug in the waist in all the best ways and very float skirt bottom. Would HIGHLY recommend this dress. Fast shipping, had it in two days.


I almost returned it because it was a bit tough to put on the zipper on side wasn't working and once I figured that out ( it was fine but new and didn't open when I first tried on ..that was not funny - funny I thought I'm stuck) turns out to be perfect fit and fun color is a beautiful green ..very happy I retried it and saw the zipper was only stuck where the steam was it is great and fun dress. I'd buy another.


I'm 5'4" and a 40D bra.  I usually wear a 1x or 2x, depending on the cut or style.  This Annie Coco 2x dress fit me fine with a little wiggle room to spare.  The sweatheart neckline / halter top is very flattering and can be adjusted for all body types.  The elastic back shapes the bodice nicely.  The dress length on me is just below the knee (tea length).  I may hem the length a bit shorter, but it looks nice as it is.  I love the red polka-dot fabric and the royal blue is beautiful too!  The fabric weight is not too thin (no slip needed) and has a nice soft matt finish.  I have a red petifour that helps flair out the hem to give an authentic retro look.  It's the perfect summer dress!  Love it!


I love this dress and the material. I wore to a day wedding in a humid city and the fabric was breathable. The skirt was lovely - I loved the swing to it. I received compliments on the dress, and I felt good in it. I will say, for those with bigger chests, this may be a snug fit. I'm a c/d and had to safety pin buttons for reinforcement. I also wish the sash was sewn or or had loops.


I bought this dress for my sister and it fit her well. She loved it. The material is good and thick enough that you can't see through it at all. I wouldn't suggest anyone with large breasts try to fit into this.


This is a great dress on! I'm 5'6 and about 160 pounds. I ordered a medium and it fits well. The bust is tight but if I wear a bra with no padding it's not an issue. It hits below the knees on me and the material is comfortable. It made me want to twirl!  Just need to get it ironed. Came in a cool ziplock bag too!


Very disappointed in the sizing and style.  The photo looks like it is longer waisted than it is.  I sized up 3 sizes based on the reviews of others and it did zip (bought an XL and I am a size 8).  The bigger problem was the super short skirt and waist.  There is no way I could wear this in public.  The sad part was the dress was fairly well made with a lining in the top and fun fabric.  It just very oddly styled and sized.  I returned it.


