[I'm 5'6" and 102 lbs. I wear a 32A] This fit perfectly, although it's a bit large around the bust area. Also don't forget to read that there isn't any padding, which makes me a bit sad, if only.... Besides that, it's a beautiful dress. Also, I chose to hem the dress by 5 inches to it would be a bit above my knee.


I am a U.S. size 8/9 and I normally wear medium. My bra size is 36B so I went by the size chart in the picture and got a medium in the dress. It fits but the chest area is to small for me. I can wear the dress but I will not be able to button the top. If your going for a sexy look the will be great but I will put a tank top under it to cover my chest. I also thought this dress was longer but it it comes to mind thigh, keep in mind I'm 5ft 9in. The dress is cute and I like the material.


Only four stars. I would give it five, but there were no care instructions with the garment, and with the amount of wrinkles and the distinct smell of sizing, it needed washing before I would wear it out.


The fit was as expected. I ordered a size larger than I would normally wear, after reading other reviews. And I don't believe that I will be able to wear a crinoline underneath, due to my height being 5'11". Otherwise, it fits ok.


I purchased this dress to wear at an outdoor wedding with some red pumps. I had it hemmed, but I expected i would based on th measurements.  It fit great, was comfortable, and I got compliments on it all night. I can't wait


to wear it again.


I was quite surprised when I received my dress in the mail.  The material is much thicker than I expected it to be and the yellow/mustard color pretty much matches the picture as shown.  I will say, however, that the material wrinkles quite easily.  So if you don't mind ironing, then you've hit a gem!  I'm 5'6" at 140 pounds and the medium fits quite comfortably and hits slightly below my knees.  This dress would look good with a petticoat, but I wore mine without one and it still looks great.


This dress is beautiful. My wife adores it. She is a 34B and the chest is a little too tight. She’s going to add a stitch to keep it together and not letting her bra show through. Other than that it’s amazing. The quality is good. The design is beautiful. The price is fantastic.


I thought the blue was a little darker but it's SUPER bright Royal blue. With the riffles and the heart buttons, it almost looks like a costume. It's well made though.


I absolutely love this dress and I have worn it at every possible opportunity!!! I was concerned about the fit after reading several reviews, so I decided to order one size down. I am 5'5", 135lbs, 36B bust, 29" waist, 32" hips, size 6, and the small in this dress fit perfectly. The material is stretchy and very comfortable. The red is a very vibrant, fire-engine red. Fair warning, the dress is quite long - it comes down to my calves. Personally I think the long length adds to the quaint 50's charm. Also, sometimes if I wear this dress all day long, the halter strap that I tied into a bow behind my neck will give me a headache, but I'm thinking of just sewing the straps into an x shape on the back to relive that pressure on my neck. Other than that, this dress is wonderful.


I have a difficulty find dresses that fit my large bust but smaller frame (5'3, 150 lbs at time of purchase and 36DD).  I purchased a Large and this dress fit perfectly!!  It fits and fallsjust right, but being that I'm 5'3 comes right at/under my knees, which I don't mind.  If you want it to be shorter you may want to get it hemmed.  The fabric has some stretch and feels very nice.  I'd love one in every color/print.


I'm 5'0, 136 lbs. and got a size large, which fits okay. I'm 38 B and it fits a bit tight around the chest, but I haven't struggled with the buttons popping open at all. It is definitely short. I'm short and it falls down right above the knee. My only complaint is that the fabric cap of one of the buttons fell off as soon as I put the dress on. Nothing that can't be quickly fixed, but I don't expect that from a new dress.


