This dress is absolutely adorable and hugs my curves in all the right places. I do think I should have gotten a size smaller but the size I got fits just fine because of the elastic part in the back. I did have to alter the dress because it was extremely long on me, went down to the middle of my shins, but I am also 5'2 so it may be because I am short. The fit is perfect, maybe even too big. Order your regular size or a size down.


I love this dress, but it was enormous on me! I sent it back and plan to re-order a smaller size. Overall the material is sturdy and comfy and it is just as cute in person.


Nice dress, a little tight in the should area, though I do have broad shoulders so it could just be me.  Fabric is nice, not sheer.  Good for spring or with tights in winter.  Over all cute and good quality


Dress is pretty, made of nice fabric. My daughter was totally disappointed that it way too tight, but seemed to fit size guidelines. We’ ll probably keep it around, as it was inexpensive, and a pain to return it,  and hope to fit into it sometime, but lots of tears were shed. She had been so excited to get the dress!


Normally wear a medium but I read the reviews and got the large and it fits perfectly.  This good quality dress exudes femininity and modesty of which is missing in much of todays fashions for young ladies.  Would like to get this in other colors!


5'9 and 160. Got an XL. A little roomy but subtly so. Lots of threads sticking not out that I had to trim back but otherwise it's super comfy and the quality is great! It's breezy cotton with stretch and a very very full circle skirt which I love! I'm very impressed.


Material is great, beautiful dress but it’s a bit tight in the chest area. To be fair I’m a skinny but busty girl so size sm fits me perfectly on my waist but not chest


Cute dress but Very hard to iron. Plus I’m not big in the chest, just a 36B and even ordering a large, I had to wear a tank underneath so that I’m not showing a bunch of cleavage.


Cute dress, very tight up on the boob area like some other reviewer have stated and doesnt fit right. If I would have gone a size up it would have been too big on me.


This dress fits me perfectly. It is cotton and keeps you cool in the heat. And the red is a true red. I have washed it twice so far in the washer with cold water and in the dryer on permpress cool air. It does need a little steam when it comes out of the dryer. I have just been hanging it in the bathroom during my shower.


