I love this dress! It can be worn anywhere. Without a petticoat, it's perfect for casual wear; add a petticoat and you've got a cute, cute, cute dress-up dress. They do run small, so follow sizing directions. I am 5' 9" tall & weigh 135#, I usually wear a small, I ordered this dress in medium, and it fits like it was made for me.


mama r


Ordered an M and i am 5'4. Dress height-mid knee-perfect height for me. It fits my 36DD's, no popping buttons. Can be with with or without camisole.


Overall, well made and washes well. I loove it!


Absolutely gorgeous dress with the perfect fit. Every time I wear it I will either be stopped by someone complimenting it or overhear a child calling me Minnie Mouse! Absolutely great value for the quality! I do prefer to wear a separately purchased petticoat underneath for extra volume however the dress looks perfectly fine without one as well.


LOVE this dress. It looks stunning on and off. I haven't washed it so I don't know about the fading, but I wore it to a rehearsal dinner and had a blast. It was extremely comfortable and even flattering. I am 5'5" and about 135lbs athletic figure and a small actually fit well. It was long enough to cover the floor and give just a little room when I had my 4" heels on. It is form fitting so if you have trouble areas (love handles and a pouch) it's going to show, but spanks definitely help cover. I received so many compliments on this dress and I felt like Audrey Hepburn all night, loved it and for such a great price, I hope to throw different shirts over it and use it as a maxi skirt too!


Ordered a light blue in XXL and a royal blue in XL, since I didn't have time to do an exchange.  If I had gotten one, I would have gotten XL, it fit me well!  (I'm 5'7, 39" waist)  I wore it to a wedding and got many compliments!  I tried it with a 26" tutu underneath but I felt it was unnecessary.  The material of the dress seems to be doing well (I have only worn it to the one event so far, but I plan on wearing it for two weddings this summer).


I forgot to take another picture so here's a selfie.  X)


I am 121 pounds 5'2". and this fit me nicely.  it was just perfect. material is not expensive looking but at this price I am super amazed.  I am picky but so far have bought 4 total dresses from them because I can accessorize it and make it look like it cost me $200.  it is worth every penny.  also they send it to me right away and nicely packed.


The mustard color is different and looks nice!!  The dress seems to be well made.  The fabric is comfortable.  It is nice and thick and not see through.  It looks good with or without the frilly petticoat underneath.  It also looks cute without the bow.  The dress fit but was a tad small in the bust area.  I will have to sew close the buttons as they pop open.  I got the XL.  I am 4' 11" and 179 lbs. with bust 40DDD.


Love this dress. BE WARNED.. I ordered one and washed it on delicate cold and the black bled onto the white, so note to self..dry clean only! Anyhow, I ordered a second one, because I do love the fit and the length. I'm 5'8" 160lbs and I got a size L. The length is great..it almost touches the floor when I'm barefoot.


When I was looking for a vintage style dress to say my wedding vows in that wouldn't cost me a fortune I found this little treasure. The royal blue was perfect for my color scheme and when it came in, and I put it on it fit so perfectly and was comfortable enough for me to wear all evening.  I know no one likes to put their info out there but I know it helps me to know, so: I am 5'11 and weigh 225 pounds and the extra large fit perfect and even had some extra room. The dress fell about 3 inches below my knees. It was classy, comfortable, and we'll made.


I got this dress for my wedding trial since it has a similar neckline. The dress fit a little too small for me especially in the chest area. The pleating in the front doesn't fit quite right. But other than that, I love the A-line cut since I don't have much of a waist. I am 5'4" and my mesurement is 36DD, 27-28" waist. I got a size M


