I ordered an extra large and this dress was about a size 10 and it was not wearable. I ordered on a Tues with the understanding it would be delivered Thursday because it was 2 day Amazon Prime. It didn't come until Monday, after the event was as ober. This was a horrible experience all around.


Wife loved this dress. The material is sturdy with enough elasticity to maintain shape and remain form fitting. Simple and elegant.


Gorgeous  dress.  Fits just as I expected


Finally found my red sun dress!!!


Super cute! Great material, very sturdy kind of like a thick cotton blend with a bit of a stretch, comparable to say the material you'd expend on a good quality apron. Weird comparison but it's what I could think of! The dress falls a few inches below the knees, and I plan to wear either my longline bra or girdle and a petticoat to accentuate the dress shapes.


My one complaint is the elastic at the back of the dress. Maybe it's just my frame (5'2", 127lbs, 32C/D, apple/hourglass, ordered a small in yellow), but the elastic bunches in the back to make horizontal rolls. It goes away after pulling the dress down a bit, but the bunching eventually comes back. The elastic is for an adjustable frame, so maybe I just ordered the wrong size and should've gone with xs? The bust fits perfectly though, any smaller and I think I would've been bursting.


I might post a photo later.


Otherwise super cute dress and I'm wearing it to a wedding party tomorrow!


Beautiful dress love it!  Fits perfect and is beautifully made material is awesome not a cheaply mad dress week worth the cost!


it was ok. top was a little big


The dress is really cute, but the material is like an elastic canvas that is really heavy and flat-out weird. I bought it for a Halloween costume hoping I could wear the dress more than once, but I would look like a freak.


The quality of this dress is terrible after one night of wearing it, it came apart.  I could not find my receipt to ship it back, so I have been stuck with this dress that I can not wear for the longest.


Adorable, and flattering on me. I have plans to wear it with a crinoline, for extra skirt poof.


