This dress is insanely cute and extremely flattering! But it has absolutely no give. Fits to true size- I am a 30F bra and anticipated it might not fit so well around my chest. So I just wear a black tank top under it and button the two bottom buttons. Still super cute, but ultra large chested ladies be warned :)


Gorgeous dress. Nice, heavy cotton fabric with convenient side zipper. Very well made. I have a small bust, so I will need to wear some padding with the dress to show it off to its full effect, but that's just my build. The dress is perfect, I love it


The dress came stuffed in a bag like garbage.  It had deodorant stains around the arms, and the sash was missing. It was obviously a return.  That in itself didn't bother me.  The fact that it was sent to me packaged like trash and missing the sash is what had me upset.


I got to wear this dress one time and I loved it. Received many compliments on the style/fit. However, once I washed it, it fell apart. I took it out of the dryer and the zipper was ripped off and the back of the dress was ripped as well. Had to throw away.


I was actually surprised by the good fit of this. I'm 5'4'' and usually a size 0-2 and the small fit perfectly. Some of the reviews make it sound as if they have some quality control issues but the dress I received was as pictured. The fabric seems like it would be a good travel dress.


This is a darling dress.  I, too, found it here on Amazon, by accident.  It's on my "Love List" on a popular clothing website that I love and buy from frequently, but for $40 more!  The fabric weight is similar to shirting, maybe a little lighter.  The color is true to the photo.  I'm 5'2" and the hem hits just below my knee cap on size S, which I normally wear, and it fits perfectly.The belt is separate and there are no loops on the dress so if you go without a belt it looks great.  With the belt a bow can go either in front or back.  Lots of cute options there.  Very pleased with this find.


The fabric is beautiful and workmanship is good.  It did not fit on my small bust very well, and the back elastic expandable gather bunched up into a hump on my back.  I don't know if this was a problem with how its made or if its my body doesn't work with this style and cut.


Sadly didn't come in my size so I had to order it a size bigger. But was able to wash it so it shrunk and now it fits quite well. It only ended up shrinking about an inch but for what I need it worked well. I shortened the hem some and added detailing to the top so that it reflected Princess Serenity's dress. Extremely comfortable and got lots of compliments on the style. It wrinkles some but that is to be expected with the materiel and nothing that ironing can't fix.


Love this dress, sooo flattering. Fit my bust and waist just perfectly. For the record I am a size 14/16, d/dd cup and the XL fit perfectly without a bra! The wide halter straps are so cute and the bee/flower pattern is going to be perfect for Easter! I feel like a fifties house wife in this dress, but I’m a good way lol


I liked the dress a little. The dress arrived later than I expected (expected to recieved this over night, as that is what I paid extra for). I was forced into wearing it and was not pleased :( had I known it would come later than over night, I wouldn't have gotten it at all.


