I completely love this dress.  It is a little tight no me but not to to the point that I can not wear it.  Actually I will be wearing it tomorrow night on a date with my husband.  We are planning a night on the town.  I can not wait for him to see me all dressed up in this.  I found this dress at a discounted price for my honest and unbiased opinion.  Tomorrows night out on the town may be the first of many with my husband in this dress.


The material and look of this dress is of good quality, especially for the price. I had to return my purchase, because it was too big on me.  I purchased a size small. I am 5'2", and 127 pounds. My weight is in my hips and butt, so this dress would have hidden that wonderfully, but the waist, and to a small degree the  chest area, was just too big. I am a 32 D. I think it was the 32 part that just made it too loose in the chest area. So, if you happen to be my size or smaller, and like me normally just shop juniors sizes, this women's size small might be too big for you. Too bad, an XS would have been awesome!


Great dress. Well made. Word of caution, as other reviewers have said, the bust area is the total circumference of your chest. So you may need to order a size up, as you can't go by a bra size number. For example if you are a 36C, you should not do the medium, as the total bust is 36.


This dress fits so well & is flattering for my pear shape. I didn't have to unzip the zipper to put on or take off the dress. The material is a bit stretchy. The buttons seem like they may come loose so I'll be reinforcing the stitching. It is quite wrinkled when you get it but nothing an iron can't fix. Overall, it is a lovely dress & quite a bargain.


I normally wear an M to L and ordered the XL and it barely fit. Around the bust however, it was too big. Also the belt is slightly too small for a size XL. You need a big chest if you want to fit in it.


Apart from that, its a really, really lovely dress. Great material! I wish it would fit.


Perfection!!!  I ordered several vintage style dresses from different designers, as this was the first time I have purchased clothing from Amazon. I used the size chart, but other peoples reviews helped me greatly. I am 5’6 and 155 lbs. and I ordered a large. It fit perfectly. The quality of the material was heads above the other dresses, and even the packaging was a higher quality. I will definitely order more dresses from this designer!  The price cannot be beat!


I really like this dress! It fit really well. Seems to be in American sizes. It was longer than what I had excepted. It's a very pretty dress. I think it will be a great dress to wear to weddings. I was able to recieve this item at a discount in exchange for a honest and unbiased review.


This fits PERFECTLY! I found my new favorite dress! The bust was lined. I recommend you do measure yourself and use the size chart before ordering, but even though I was tempted to order a size up, I used the chart, and it fit perfectly! I couldn't be happier! I will even wear this in cold weather with a sweater underneath!


I got a discount on this dress in exchange for my unbiased review.


This dress is very pretty, but it is a lot longer than I thought it would be. I'm 5'4" and most models are between 5'6" and 5'10", so I expected the dress to have a floor sweeping effect...no such luck. Not what I thought it would be but cute. I received this product in exchange for a review. The views expressed represent my honest opinion for the product.


This dress is so cute!!  I ordered a size up!  I can wear a large/extralarge (Tops I am normally XL I have a larger chest) for this product I decided to go to 2XL and I am so happy I did.  I can just get into this dress.  So going a size up made it fit "normally" for me.


The material is durable, it doesn't feel flimsy at all.  It isn't so heavy though that I get over heated when wearing it.  It is that perfect middle kind of material.  I like that I can unbutton it, when I church I button it up all the way, when going to the mall or other places I let a few undone.  It can be classy or casual :)  It is so comfortable I can wear it for hours.  The fit is pretty and really flattering to the figure also I like that the tie part is above my "promblem" area.  I hate when things tie under my belly it just enhances it, this dress ties a little below the breast area instead :)


I was given a coupon to purchase this product at a discount


