This dress fit me so well. I'm 5'2 and wear a size 14/16 and bought the XXL. I felt like a girl and got many compliments at the event I wore it to. I could not be happier.


This looked great. Lots of compliments. I wore it to the Hugo Awards and had people stopping me on the sidewalk on the way there to tell me they loved the dress. Comfortable. Fabric is thick, so not soft against the skin, but it wasn't unpleasant, either. For help with those ordering, since this is what I scan for, I'm 5'8", 178 pounds. My C cups were slightly too small for the dress, but not so much that I had to wear a bra. In fact, the support was good, it just didn't look as full/boosted as it could have with a bustier gal. Note that the fabric is thick enough to go braless. Length was below my knees. I wore this with a white petticoat underneath, but it would have looked fine either way.


The quality of the dress is fine, it does run a little big (I got a medium and if I was going to keep it I would have sent it back for a small, and am 5'6" and a size 6-8 with a large bust) but I was impressed with the quality of the dress, considering the cheap price.  I am very hourglassed shaped, though, and I found this dress to be the least flattering thing on me -- it made me look very heavy through my lower body, and made me look much older than I actually am (32).  Not happy at all with this cut, and maybe it would have looked better if I exchanged it for the smaller size, but I just did not want to even bother because it just seemed more likely that the cut of this dress was not very good for my body type unless I was trying to look 50 lbs heavier and 10 years older.  Eek.


OMG.. what a great buy! It fits and flatters so well- I'm small on top and larger on bottom. I typically wear a 14-16 and bought XL.The fabric is so soft like satin, but breathable. well made with a good zipper. Some recommendations called for a slip underneath, but I didn't find one necessary. Warning-due to my computer settings it was not clearly evident that the background of the dress is actually pale blue and not white as I had thought, but it's still gorgeous and I intend to wear it several times- it makes me feel pretty and sexy. I also bought another dress from A. Coco at the same time and was very pleasured with it too! This just might be my go to dress Co. Thanks Coco


Pros:


It's nearly identical to a dress that Modcloth sells for three times the price. Duh.


The fabric was not too thin - I ordered the light blue and was wearing black underwear when I tried it on, and you couldn't see a thing!


The length was just right on me (about mid-thigh)


Cons:


The waist is way too low to be flattering. Had I kept it, I probably would have moved the belt loops up, or just not used them at all.


I usually wear a size 12, but I sized up to the xxl in order to have room in the bust (since I wear a 34G), and the buttons still gaped.


The light blue color kind of makes it look like a waitress uniform. I was stepping outside of my comfort zone when I chose it, so that's on me, I guess.


I was waffling at first on whether to keep this or not, but the fact that I'm not crazy about the color combined with the alterations I'd have to do makes it not worth it. I received a discount in exchange for a review, so I'm not too torn up about the loss of a $15 dress.


I usually wear a Medium sized shirt, but based off reviews, I ordered a small dress, and it fit right.


I got red, and for those Wondering, it's very red, nearly crimson.


Also, the material is heavy, but not hot. Definitely not cheap, like I feared. The skirt is maybe a 3/4 circle, so it flares beautifully.


The sleeves are a little short for me, but I knew that when I bought it. I'm gonna add a lace trim.


The collar stands a tad tall, and is slightly Dracula-ish, but I like it.


Overall, a wonderful dress. So happy with it


I loved this dress! Bought it for a tooth fairy costume and with the help of a petticoat it was perfect! I ordered the XXL, I am 6'3, 240lbs and wear a 38DDD I was shocked that the bust fit with room to spare! Definitely a fun dress!


Wore this dress to an outdoor wedding in Texas and I received so many compliments!! I told everyone the price and they were all shocked! Great quality for the price and fit perfectly! people posted about it being too thin but I thought the material was just right and was not sheer or thin at all


I ordered one received 2. Both same size, material too thin cannot wear under garments shows through even the Black. It is a.great style and has a sexy appeal. It would be as sexy with a thicker material. Linda


Follow up, my opions are still the same and the only change is Seller and employees could not have been more curterous  their response, handling my return.they accepted that the mistake sending  (2) instead of (1). The Seller suggested refund of my monies. Also, too keep the dresses. I will donate too Exchange Students or a Charity.


Anna, has grest skills and handling customers that were not happy about their purchase. I would use this Seller again but Keep in mind the responses posted. Ask about the material.  Everyone please be honest about your items. It helps people like myself that like pretty clothing but want quality and not see through items.


The Seller most likely would have told me if I had thought too ask. I did not order a XS but a Large a size larger. So beware of the material it is see through and unless you are thin be prepared for every crease in your body too show. A Very .Pretty  Designed Maxi Dress with plenty length for 5'6-5'8" thin person.


As you can see the two items above that is why I needed a back less bust protection.  I did not get a chance to wear it on vacation last  year but my anniversary is coming up and I already told my hubby he needs to take me somewhere real nice so I can wear it.  I thought it might to just a little to sexy for church but maybe if I bought a shrug it would be better and I could wear it more.  But I love the dress and it feels like a very good quality of fabric.


