This dress is a lot prettier than I expected. I was a little afraid that the floral print would look like some curtains in my grandmother' house.  I wanted a vintage dress that was light colors for summer and spring instead of the bold and vibrant colors most vintage style dresses are. The fabric this dress is made of is beautiful. The print is much prettier in person than on the computer. The quality of the fabric is great. It is smooth and soft. It feels comfortable when worn. The seams are sewn well and had no loose hanging threads.


I am 5'6" and 130 pounds. I ordered a medium. This dress fits, but, even using the measurements on the size chart, it is slightly big in some areas. To wear this dress I need a really good, supportive strapless bra. The neckline is slightly higher than I expected. The halter strap is thick and ties well. It is easy to get it in a nice looking bow compared to some that lay oddly when you tie them. The skirt is beautiful. It lays well with and without a petticoat. I prefer vintage dresses with petticoats. Some of them look terrible without a petticoat, but this one looks nice without and even better with one.


I received this product in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.


My partner purchased this for me to wear as a costume to a Halloween party. I'm 5'3" (long legs/short torso) 138ish (not athletic) with a 30.5" waist and 34B/C bra. I'm usually between a medium and large depending on brand. I bought the large because I didn't want a tight fit and wanted to be able to move around for the party. (It's always easier to take fabric in and this comes with a sash/belt! I tied this in the back as I thought it was cuter that way.) My shoulders are a bit broad and I think the medium would have been uncomfortable in the sleeves/shoulder area. The dress is unlined and I paired it with 


 (in hindsight, I should have also gotten that in a large as well...) My only complaint is that the dress is made of a stiff cotton, so by the end of the night the cap sleeves had irritated/chaffed my underarms. I wonder if this will stop being a problem after a few rounds in the washer. Overall I'm happy with the dress for the $20 price we paid.


Adorable dress.  The fit was as expected.  I did order a size up from what the recommended size was based on the size chart and that seemed to be a good move.  I always do that when there are buttons on the front of a dress through to avoid gaps when it's buttoned.  I love the color and the buttons are super cute little hearts!  The belt is not attached so you can choose to tie it in front, or in back or just remove it and not wear it at all (or add your own belt if you so choose).  The belt can also make a cute matching hair accessory.  I love the hidden side zipper.  My only complaint is that I wish it were just a few inches longer.  I'm 5'8" and prefer skirts and dresses go just below the knee, this one goes just above. I plan to wear it more with tights and a black cardigan in the fall and winter.  The fabric feels very nice, though thin.  It was wrinkled upon arrival, but hanging it up helped to smooth it out.


All in all I am happy with the purchase and I would order from Anni Coco again.


I did receive this at a discount for my review, however that does not change my thoughts.


This dress is every bit as cute in person. The quality is fantastic. I bought it for a friend, and she said it fits like a glove. It's her new favorite dress. The color is pretty much right on what it shows in the listing photo, which is always nice. The listing photo makes it look like it might be a bit sheer, but it really isn't. The bow can go in the front or the back, as shown in the photo below. I can't even get over how cute this dress is. It would look adorable with flats, or low heels. Pair it with an apron for a perfect 50's housewife ensemble. It would be great for everyday wear, or even for a retro or pinup photo shoot.


I received a discount code for this dress in exchange for my honest review.


I knew I was going to have issues with this dress because buttons down the front dont really agree with my chest.  I was quite surprised I could even get this dress on.  It seemed like it would be way too small.  It was pretty wrinkled but thats to be expected.  Its really adorable and fun.  The cap sleeves are a bit squared and I fill a little constricted in it.  I cant wear the dress because of the chest- it sorta buttons but is obviously way too tight.  I wear a 42DDD so I'm not too shocked.  I usually wear a 16-18 and the rest of the dress fit like a glove.  The material is nice- the color is vibrant.  There was some weird puckering or something in the hip area but not too noticable.  I'm in the process of losing weight (down 30 pounds so far, woop woop) so I may hang on to this in case any of my chest goes away (or if i reach my goal weight and get a breast reduction).  I would say this dress would fit best on someone smaller than a D cup.  I buy a lot of 1950s style dresses- they are so flattering, especially on us curvy girls- typically they will come with a belt or sash that I never use because they are always crap- this one was exactly as pictured and I really like it. Sorry the full length picture doesnt give a great idea on the fit- but the other picture shows where the buttons hate me.


I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my unbiased and honest review. I test every product before reviewing. My experience may not match every other reviewers but my experiences are what I base the reviews on. If you felt I was helpful, please click yes below. If not, please comment and offer suggestion on how I can improve my review for you


I love this dress! I feel great in it and get a lot of compliments on it. I say the fit is as expected because I had to order it in a much larger size than I usually wear, but the earlier reviews helped me with that. Just be aware. Other than that, the fabric is a nice weight--not too thin, not to heavy, with a just-right amount of stretch to keep it comfy. I wear the dress with a black cinch belt and that really complements it. With wedge heels, it looks like a dress for a girl of the 1940s or '50s. With Mary Janes, it's nearly an Alice in Wonderland look. Very versatile!


So why the 4 stars? Mainly because in the photo, the sleeves look like regular cap sleeves, but really, they're little puff sleeves. Not the worst thing, but definitely not something I would have chosen. However, I like the rest of the dress so much that I decided to keep it anyway.


I am IN LOVE with this dress.  I don't know what it is about the style...maybe it reminds me of my grandmother and all of her fabulous dresses in pictures, but when I saw it, I knew I had to try it and I am so glad I did.  This dress is absolutely adorable.  It is very flattering on a small waistline, and slimming in and of itself.  I love the cap sleeves and the Rockabilly Swing Vintage look.  I also totally love the color.  It's like a vintage dress with a  modern color.  Looks great for work with a navy sweater or scarf.


I love the quality of the fabric that it comes in.  It isn't too heavy but heavy enough that it sits right.  I imagine this is probably how most dresses were made during that particular time period, because the quality is great.  With all of our modern conveniences and being able to iron and wash so easily these days, cheaply made outfits often require tons of work (iron, wash and hang to dry), but this dress was great. I always wash my nice dresses and hang them to dry (habit) but it needed a light press and it was ready to go.


Can be casual or dressy, you choose!


I did receive my Anni Coco Women's 1950's Rocabilly Swing Vintage dress at a discounted price in exchange for an unbiased review of the product!  Totally loved it and would love to see more in this style in different colors!


*I received this item at a discount for my honest review and opinion*


At my current weight I'm about a size 18-20 so I knew that an XXL may or may not fit. It was comfortable but tight so I probably won't wear it out until I slim down a little more. I'm about 5'2 and I could have worn 3" wedges and still had the bottom touch the floor! On my figure, the chevrons started up too high where it was still very fitted. It does flare out wheeler most people's hips probably are but on me it was closer to my thighs.


The material was comfortable and I love the neck line. The straps a very thin so you certainly need a strapless bra to go with it. Can't wait until it's warmer out again to wear it! Very cute!


This is the second dress I've purchased from Anni Coco. I purchased the first in an XL based on the size chart they provided - it fit me perfectly, and looked absolutely amazing as my casual wedding dress. Although the size chart was the same for this dress, it fits slightly smaller than the other dress, and the fabric has absolutely no give to it. Before I even put the dress on, the bottom button popped off. I sew, so it's not a huge deal - I can fix it in five minutes, but it was a bummer.


The dress itself is gorgeous. It looks absolutely stunning, though it's a bit difficult to get over my shoulders since, like I mentioned, the fabric has absolutely no give. If you're close to the top end of one of the measurements, for this particular dress I'd suggest you order one size up. The fabric is solid, so you don't have to worry about having to wear an undershirt or a full slip like some other Anni Coco dresses.


I am a little disappointed that there are no belt loops on the sides. The belt seems to slip a little after wearing the dress for a bit, ruining the neat straight line that it should give along the back.


Other than those small flaws, the dress is still gorgeous.


I received this dress at a promotional price for the purposes of providing an honest and unbiased review. This is my genuine experience with it! I hope you find this helpful.


This dress is just too perfect!!! I was really excited to get it and try it on. When it came it arrived nicely folded in a pretty thick zip lock type bag. The color looks just as the picture shows. It is a sort of mustard yellow. I was actually worried about ordering this on-line because I was afraid of the fit. I went ahead and ordered the XXL because I am very busty and going through size changes as I am trying to loose weight. After trying the dress on I was so glad I went with that size. Being a 38DDD the top was very snug, but it curved at all the right places and that was without adding the sash. I thought it was very flattering on a curvy body. I was afraid of the buttons popping of as they seemed like they needed a little more string to attach them, but I think they will hold if you aren't forcing them. The length of the dress came about to my knees or just above. The stitching looks good and it is finished off nicely. The only thing I didn't like was there is no care instruction that came with the dress. I had to look back at the product listing and saw that it said hand wash on there. I have yet to wash the dress and wear it out, but plan on doing that in a couple of days. I expect the stitching will hold up as it looks fine to me, but I not a seamstress or anything close to that. I did receive a discount for my fair and honest opinion.


