This dress is a nice material and fits well although I do not like the pleats in the bodice of the dress as they are hard to press into place.  I will be happy to wear this dress to special occasions.


Perfect fit. Very flattering. I have bought it red and blue also. I get complicated when I wear it.


Wow! Quality mayerial and product. Love the stretch in the fabric. My daughter loves it!


I bought the dress for a wedding and it looks great! I love the material. It is stretchy and hugs in all of the right places. I usually wear a size 10, but ordered a size up and purchased a Large. Overall, the dress fits very well. I would have given 5 stars but the the chest area is a little too big and I'm a 40B. Be careful when ironing the dress, iron at a very low temp or it might leave a shiny mark or melt the material!


This dress is beautiful.  It is wonderfully understated.  I loved it.  I have a small bust but broad shoulders.  I did feel like I pulled the bust out a bit but I'm sure I'm the only one who noticed.  It is comfortable and lovely.  You can't go wrong...and for the price??? BUY IT!


While this fit about as I expected, and the fabric was sturdier than I'd expected, I was VERY disappointed in the color fade!  I always wash clothes before wearing, but even though I washed this in cold, on gentle, and with cold-water-specific detergent, when I pulled it out to hang to dry, it looked like it had survived 25 or 30 trips to the clothesline on sunny days!  It was terribly faded. :(


The fabric is a lighter color than in the image and the dress was OK but the bodice was sewn a little higher than in the picture. I removed the stitch holding it together and now it looks a lot better than it did but I am a g cup and it's entirely possible that my chest is larger than the intended chest.


The bust is not very generous despite stretchy material and the creases laid oddly. I am 5'9" 220 and 40D. The color is a sky blue not mint as shown. Quality is excellent. Fabric is of good quality. Wash and steam to remove wrinkles. It does wrinkle easily with seatbelt. Hides my middle age spread. A balero or cardigan to hide flabby arms. Needs underskirtfor proper bell shape.


Such a flattering dress at a price I can afford. It was very comfortable all evening at the Sea Scout Bridge of Honor I wore it to. I do plan to buy another!


I was very pleased with the fit of this dress. It looks simple just hanging but it is super cute on. Be sure to get the suggested slip to give the skirt fullness.


