After reading reviews and looking at all the pictures I decided to go with the XL as I wear a 14/16 usually and chest size of 40F. It fit perfectly!! It's comfortable and pretty light weight. In order to get the wrinkles out I let it sit in the bathroom for a week prior from the shower steam, and then lightly took a steamer to get the rest out- worked perfectly. I may or may not add a petticoat under it haven't decided yet. But it's definitely a dress you can wear to multiple different occasions, and I plan on ordering more. Shipping was quick once the order came in (as it was originally out of stock) it came from Tennessee.  Very happy! Thank you!! :)


I have always loved the clothing from the 50s because that was when women dressed and acted like ladies, and this style dress hits the mark. The color is beautiful and it fits perfectly. Be sure to follow the company's sizing chart and not Amazon's chart. The color I order was light blue and it is pretty. The material is stretchy and I would advise you to wear a petticoat with it. It helps to make the dress nicer. I'm going to order different colors.


I love this dress. It fits in all the right places if you are a curvy woman. It is a bit big but that can be altered. I am very disappointed in the color. I needed a red dress for a party. This dress is orange. It isnt even close to what is pictured. I'm going to return it and try another color most likely. I would have given the dress 5 stars if it had been truly red. You will love it though!!


This is the sweetest dress I've worn in a long time.  I just lost a lot of weight and I bought one dress that was too large, but still cute.  I ordered another and it is soooo cute and flattering.  The material is a good weight and stretchy so when it fits right it looks superb.  It is a retro design so it's perfect for either a dressy or a special occasion.  I'm not used to being dressed in such a good fitting dress.  I can get used to it!


If you purchased this then you must have at least a slight flair for vintage style. The dress exceeded my expectations. The fabric quality was very good and felt good again my skin. The cut of this dress accentuated my bust and waist which was great and made me feel like a sexy diva fromt the 50s/60s. It is a tad long but nothing too bothersome. I expected it to be a bit big as I was sure of the material quality so I ordered a size up but it still loved divine. Would order again for sure.


As far as fit goes, I'm 5'3" and wear 18/20. The XXL fits well with a bit of room.I was surprised by the quality of this dress. I purchased it for a black tie event and am excited to wear it. I was initially concerned that it would be too bright of a purple but when it arrived, it was closer to a maroon and fairly muted. This works out for me but if you're hoping for a vibrant magenta, this isn't the dress for you. It's more like magenta and red had a baby. Like others, I plan on cutting the thread at the top of the bust as it currently looks awkward. All in all, I'm satisfied with this purchase and would recommend this dress to others.


Love this dress and it fits great. I added a red belt, tutu, and tights to add that pop of color.


This dress is amazing! It’s so flattering. I’m 5’2, 196 lbs, and a 40D bust. I wore a slip that flattens my “angel wings in the back and cinches my waist at the rib age because it’s my skinniest point.


Pro: My body shape as a bigger girl squared out as I gained weight and had kids and this gave me some of my figure back. I DID NOT cut the tack string at the bust cuz I’m ample and I need it to be business appropriate.


Con: If you do wear a shaping undergarment the dress can ride up a little. I feel the urge to keep pulling it down. I didn’t feel that when I wore the dress on its own so that isn’t against the dress. The four stars is because in the front center seam of the band was extra string that I had to tie off to keep the dress from unraveling over time.


FYI: Care instructions are in the description online, NOT on the tag of the dress. Read EVERYTHING because they have the right to refuse returns if you cut the tag off. (Just happened toread that. I’m not returning mine!)


Material is 92% Polyester and something like 5% Spandex. THE WHOLE THING is thick and stretchy. Very forgiving!


I sent it to the dry cleaners before wearing, which got out all the wrinkles and made the dress look much more expensive. As for size, I am usually a  size small, 5'4", 120 lbs. and ordered the small. Dress was a little longer on me than some of the photos submitted, but was very elegant and tasteful. The color is a true navy or indigo and I wore a poofy, petticoat thing with it. Bought this for a wedding and received a ton of compliments. Highly recommend.


This. Dress. Is gorgeous! !!!! If your thinking of buying it GET IT! So I was skeptical about it after reading the other reviews but I bought it anyway since I needed a black dress for an event. LOVE it!


I'm a plus size girl size 18  40 C, 233lbs for all you curvy ladies out there and this dress works to flatter you in the best way. Only downside? It wrinkles badly and it does need a poofy slip to bring out the full skirt a bit.


