I received this a little earlier than I had expected as it was coming from out of the country.  Finally received it though, the material is great, it is thick/heavy material, it is a little stretchy which is nice so that there is a little give in the waist are.  The dress is a perfect length it sits right below my knees if I were to add the petticoat under it then it may bring it up to the midlde of my knees.  It fits perfect.  I love the little cap sleeves asmy arms are a little large so cap sleeves take away from them.  From the waist down is nice and flowy to minimize the look of my hips, I do plan to buy the petticoat to wear under it so that the dress will flare out some.  I can't wait to wear this out to dinner or a dinner party.


The dress was packed perfect as well in a nice sized zippered garmet bag, folded perfectly, and in a padded envelope.


Wash instructions are simple Hand Wash Line Dry.  I have a hand wash cycle on my washer that worked fine and I did line dry it.  Once it was dry I did put in the dryer with a wet washcloth and set the dryer to refresh and it steamed the wrinkles out, as I hate to iron.


I would recommend this dress and the company as long as you are not looking for immediate delivery as it does come from China.


I received this item at a discount in exchange formy honest unbiased review.


Love this dress. Very comfortable.  5'1, 115 lbs, since small fit perfectly.


Love this dress!


Dress Is nice. Material is a bit rough but not uncomfortable. Fit perfectly. Don't forget to get a petticoat for it. My only complaint is the zipper is cheaply made. Feels brittle and gets stuck easily. Other than that, seems nice.


My bridesmaids looked beautiful and they said the fabric was nice and the fit was perfect.


Perfect in every way


This is the type of quality I have come to expect from GownTown.


The dress fit well, and I wear the largest size that was available at the time (2x)


It is sewn together very well.


The fabric is nice and soft.


I received this item at a discount in exchange for a fair and honest review.


Loved this dress!! I got it for my bridal shower. The fabric was so comfy and the dress fit great.


Love it. Stretchy, forgiving material.


I was impressed with how this dress was packaged. It came in its own small garment bag. I shop online and through catalogs and I have to say this packaging for this dress was impressive. I like retro clothes and have been buying them for many years.  GownTown dresses are made very well.  I like the stretchy thicker material because it is more durable and will last. The material makes the dress comfortable to wear. I bought my dress at a discount, but even without a discount the dresses are priced well for the quality of material.  The other nice thing about this dress is that it is washable and is made to be hang dry, which I love because I don't have to dry clean it and it is easy to take care of. The fact that it is line dry, it should last a long time.


I do caution buyers that the size is Asian sizes so you may have to accommodate and order several sizes up.


I received many compliments when I wore my dress and was asked where I bought it.  I really like the GownTown clothes and will buy more of their clothes.


