Gown was a little small for my enormous rack! I am currently loosing weight, so I expect once I drop some pounds around my back; it should fit perfectly. No one but me knew the band was a bit high and on the lower part of my breast, and I received multiple compliments! The stretchy material was very comfortable! I expect to order more once I drop in size.


This dress is so pretty, and looks fantastic with a crinoline slip underneath. I love the classic silhouette, and the longer length of the skirt. The only problem is the hidden zipper. I had problems with zipping IMMEDIATELY. It requires holding the dress together at the top while you zip, so it take some coordination and help from another person. There's no way I can zip this myself, and even with a helper it's a hassle.


The dress is pretty much as pictured. What you don’t see however is how thin the fabric is. The chest and waist are somewhat see-through, and I needed to find a bra that matched the dress color.


The seam at the middle of the neckline was torn, so I had to sew that back up myself.


I did get the dress in light pink, so I’m sure the darker colors don’t have this problem.


The dress overall though is beautiful, and the fabric is very soft and light, so it twirls really well. It’s a really nice length as well. I’m 5’8” and it goes to my knees.


I probably wouldn’t buy this dress again, but don’t regret the purchase.


Thanks to all who submitted their reviews for this dress. It was mentioned that it 'ran a little large' and I was hesitant to purchase it accordingly. But I'm glad that I did. The dress fits perfectly and modestly-thankfully (40DD)!  The fabric is 'stretchy and beautiful. It also comes in a beautiful garment bag. Now to find some matching jewelry...


This dress was perfect.  I love it. I also want to compliment the seller. I didn't think the dress would come on time for event I was attending. The buyer went out their way to rush me the dress. I couldn't be more please with this purchase. I ordered a medium. I normally wear dress in large. I call my shape. Coke bottle. lol.


I'm 5'1, 180 lbs. Top/ bottom heavy. Small waisted. This dress Is perfect for someone with my shape. My only con would be I think it needs a Little something to set off the Mid section. I wore a gold chain belt.


I bought it in blue. Awesome dress..I going buy another color. I got lots of compliments. I looked fantastic..


I bought this dress for bridesmaid dresses and it was perfect! They do come wrinkly so be sure to have a steamer or iron on the lowest setting with a towel over top of the dress to avoid having the fabric melt. Definitely worth the purchase!


This dress was perfect! I'm all lauds nervous o ordering clothes online but had a Christmas party for my husband's work coming up and with a foot of snow on the ground really didn't want to travel to the next town over to shop. This dress far exceeded my expectations and is now I've of my favorites! Also really fun to dance in.


This dress was absolutely gorgeous on my daughter ! She has an hour glass shape and a bit "top heavy", so it was perfect for her size. We have a great deal of trouble finding her a classy dress that doesn't make her look "trampy".... This one was wonderful, and the size chart is right on. She is 5'9", so the length was fine for her, and  even if you are on the shorter side, it would look nice. Honestly think this would look great on ANY body type!! And can't beat the price!!


Gorgeous ! I love this dress!  The fit is perfect and the crossover pattern across the top is so flattering.  I get so many compliments ! I love the material, because it stretches and it's soft.  The quality of this dress is fabulous ! Especially for the price !  Worth every penny ! Although,  it was on backorder for over a month.  It was worth the wait !


My experience is literally the same as most reviewers. Fits as expected; I ordered off of their size chart based on my measurements. Stretchy cloth is comfortable and rustles, which I personally enjoy. Orange is close to neon (but I like it). Arrives very wrinkled. I tried 15 minutes in my dryer on delicate, with a wet washrag and that helped some, as well as hanging. Snipped the stitches in the neckline. If I weren't such a bad hand at alterations I'd probably put the stitches in at a lower point as I have a lot going on up there and I am a little worried about spillage! I have an hourglass waist but a lot of fat rolls and I feel the need to use some shapewear and a belt to hide that as the waistline makes all of it painfully apparent.


