This dress was beautiful and the blue color was gorgeous. The skirt was nice and poofs like I like, but the waistline was super high and cut through the center of my boobs, giving me this weird four-boob look. It also has this weird foldacross the chest that, if you could get it to lay flat, would be pretty but it is going to take a lot of work to make it lay properly. I have to send it back even though everything else is gorgeous.


I wanted to like this dress, but there's something about the way the neckline is cut that just looks frumpy, not flattering. I'm a size 12, 5'7", which ought to do pretty well in this style of dress, but the neckline was just, well, weird. I opted for one with Ace sweetheart neckline instead  I wanted to like this dress, but there's something about the way the neckline is cut that just looks frumpy, not flattering. I'm a size 12, 5'7", which ought to do pretty well in this style of dress, but the neckline was just, well, weird. I opted for one with a sweetheart neckline instead.


I LOVE this dress! It's so beautiful, and it hugs my curves in all the right places and flares in all the right places. I'm 5'9" with an hourglass curvy shape. So my hips are 41 inches, my bust is 39 inches, and my waist is 30 inches. I'm a dress size 10 and I wear a 34DD bra. This dress fit like a dream! It conforms to my breasts without being too va-va-voom, and the waist is fitted without being too snug. The length most elegantly hits just below my knees.


I am going to wear this for my college graduation in May. The picture I'm posting is without any kind of petticoat or anything under it, but I think I will go ahead and purchase one since everyone suggests to do so.


Note: Like others, I went ahead and took out the stitch at the chest, but I think it would have looked good either way. I just chose to because I felt doing so would help it to fit my figure a little more naturally.


It didn't arrive as it was in the photo. Neckline is not the same. We had to seam rip the center bust, collect the fabric/create more attractive pleats, then stitch it together better. All in all, my wife has a gorgeous curvy figure with a DD bust and it was way too big it the bust. She wears XL and is the higher side of the size. It has an attractive give to the fabric but read the tag.. no heated dry. It dries quite well when aired out. Arrived rather wrinkled and wrinkles again.. a bit, if you don't lay it out. Hope that helps. She still loves it.


I will start with the positives. Beautiful color, amazing fabric, could have been a fabulous dress.


The negatives: the cut is all wrong, I looked as if I had gained 4 dress sizes and 30 lb.s wearing this dress. It is going back, which is tragic.  The cut for the bust is terrible, it sags and gapes in all the wrong places and does absolutely NOTHING to accentuate a woman's bust.


While the idea is laudable, the execution is dreadful.


I bought this dress in a large, it fits but I probably could've gotten away with a medium, but the large is comfortable. I'm 5'4" 170 38C and there is plenty of room in the waist and bust area to wear a beautiful necklace and a fashionable belt. I love this brand and I would recommend to anyone to purchase for a nice and comfortable fit. The color is almost like a neon than a bold yellow but nevertheless, it is not disappointing. I'm satisfied.


The chest part was stitched closed and made funny lines, once I ripped open the seam and opened it up it was much more natural looking.  I would not recommend this dress to anyone that has any sort of back fat, the material is not forgiving.  I have a 40E chest, this dress is not made for a large chest.  My boobs fit in it because it is super stretchy (almost too stretchy), but the line that is supposed to be under the chest falls across the bottom.


Wore this to a wedding and got tons of compliments. The pink is an absolutely gorgeous color and you will make a classy statement wherever you go. I bought this last minute; had I had time I might have had the bust altered slightly as it stands away from the cleavage a bit so if you're short you give all the tall folks a nice view, but I just used some body tape and it was fine. I recommend a petticoat for the full effect. Also, the care instructions say do not iron, but I was able to iron the wrinkles out of the skirt using a steam iron on medium. Not sure yet about long term wear, but for the price you can't beat it.


It is beautiful and stretchy and fits comfortably, although I agree that taking out the stitch high on the bust works better for curvy girls. Also a good idea to use a steamer to coax the wrinkles from this one when it comes out of the package.


Only surprise? The dress is described as Orange-Red or Red, which I thought would mean a nice bittersweet/burnt orange color...


Nope. It's traffic-cone orange. It practically glows in the dark.


I will be dyeing it with a darker red wash in the hopes of setting it to the shade I thought I was getting. I also bought it in purple, and that is a similarly vivid shade as well, but I like it.


I originally got a size that was way to big! I returned it got a new one in a smaller size and it's my favorite dress!! This was the perfect royal blue for a winter ball we went to! So I got another one in the light blue! I'm planning on wearing it to my boyfriends graduation in May!


