Dress fits just right, the fabric feels great, and it looks great! The bust is even tacked shut just at the tip of the neckline, which is great.  Some dresses that don't do that can leave one a bit too exposed.  The dress is also extremely comfortable, perhaps largely due to the stretchy fabric.


Very pretty with a lot of stretch. Gave 4/5 stars only because color is way off. This appears to have a greenish coloring, but what i got was blue. I read the reviews and the comments said it was green also


Purple color beautiful. Gown fit according to the size chart. Bodice might be loose on a small busted person but I can be easily taken in. The one star off is for the zipper. It's a cheap zipper and gets stuck at the waist seam.


The shape of the dress and the material are both perfect. The cut is flattering and it does have a comfortable stretch to it. However, I'm not crazy about the color. The color pictured is a bit different from the color that I received and is too dark for what I intended to use it for. I'll probably exchange for another color.


Wore this for a tea party bridal shower. Material has a lot of give, though it is thin so it will show lumps and bumps if you don't wear proper under garments. I am a true 18/20 and bust size 42dd. I ordered this in a XXL. I did add a tulle petticoat to add more volume. Like others have said neckline is single stitched together. I removed it and pinned the neckline to look like picture.


This dress is perfect for those going for a retro look. I would recommend the Retro Dress Rockabilly Petticoat, 25" Length  to puff it out. It is classy and perfect for an evening out when you want to show what you got but not look trashy.


Dress was too large even though I ordered using the seller's measurement guidelines - I ordered an XL, but a Large would have easily sufficed. Also, I ordered the purple which looks quite vibrant and shiny in the photos... but the actual dress I received was muted and dull. I bought this for my cousin's wedding, but I sent it back because it is not nearly dressy enough for a formal evening wedding and it was actually quite frumpy.


all good


material was awful


It is a beautiful and perfect dress I recommend it


