Very nice dress. Fabric is a little stretchy which I liked about it. Color is nice fit my daughter very well she has a size 1416 in women's I ordered the XXL not knowing about the size and it is a little bit big for her but not too big that I need to return it


I am very petite and this dress fit me absolutely perfectly. I really love the stretchy fabric.  Nice to the touch and gives the dress nice body. And since I prefer my hems a little longer, that is good news for those who might have concerns about length.  My dress hits just below the knee.  I love the style and grace of this dress so much, I am going to order it in navy blue.


I love this dress! it did end up being a little roomy in a few places, but that's on me. It's super comfortable and versatile, and I plan to pickup more in different colors.


I tried this dress on briefly (i'm at work, lol)  I love the material, it's just the right amount of give in the right places. It fit perfect.  I wear between a 16/18 depending, I'm 5'9", 220lbs, 42DD, I got a XXL and it fit perfect. I did like everyone else and took the stitch out at the cleavage. I LOVE THIS DRESS.  I'll try to put pics up later.


Great dress that I wore to a wedding and was very comfortable in. I am only 4’ll so it was a bit longer then I would have liked but overall I felt good in it and would recommend to others


This dress is fantastic. Comfortable, stretchy, and looks fantastic on.


Love this gorgeous dress.  I'm so excited to wear it. The only reason it recieved 4 stars instead of 5 is because I feel like there isn't enough fabric to cover my underarms. I will likely wear a cami underneath or a sweater to make up for that.


I had to remove the awkward stitch in the bust but now I love it! It's a tad big, but still nice!


Beautiful dress!  Has a nice stretch to it so is super comfy to wear. Got tons of compliments!


I paired it with a bolero, thin red belt and a petticoat for poof!


This was well made and high quality.  The product was as described yet the material is very stretchy and so it made it larger than expected.  I think I could have went down a size, possibly even 2 to have it fit as I desired. Otherwise, I would recommend this dress.


