They dress does fit as expected. I love the color, but more importantly my husband loves the color. LOL! The only complaint I have is that there is a seam on the skirt part that runs right up the front of the dress. It may not bother some people, and I am a little OCD; so it is really just a personal preference. Most importantly thought is the dress fits great, feels great, and I will order more from this company again. It was also delivered extremely fast for those who may need to order something for an event coming up rather quickly. Oh, and in addition, I think this is a dress that can be dressy for a wedding, but you can also wear it on Sunday, or say a more casual event. Dress it up with shoes, and jewelry for fancy event, or go simple with nude shoes and simple jewelry. I like dresses that are versatile, or flexible as to events.


Beautiful and very stretchy- soft  gorgeous fabric! I highly recommend you get the stress, I have purchased it in two additional color since.  I am 6 foot tall 180 pounds 10/12 and got a large however my additional dresses I bought in a medium because there is so much stretch to the dress...  the purple color I got is a royal, vivid, deep stunning color- must buy! Pictures to come soon


This dress was perfect! I bought it for a wedding and hoped it would be dressy enough. It was and I got so many compliments on it. I love how it fit - just a bit of stretch, and the waist is a bit higher than current trends which made is super comfortable and flattering. Definitely get the petticoat to go with it. I also had it dry cleaned before the event as it does arrive a little wrinkled. Love this dress so much!


I wear either a 16 or 18 in dresses. I ordered XXL and it fit very well. The bust had some extra room but the tummy fit perfectly. I wore the crinoline as suggested. I also clipped the threads holding the cleavage line and it lays much nicer but a little low for my taste so I added a modesty camisole. It has a nice amount of stretch so you don’t feel confined or restricted. Length hit me just at the knee and I’m 5’6”.  I wore it ballroom dancing and it was perfect. Received many compliments and people asking where I got it.


BEAUTIFUL!  Bought this dress for my wedding and it fit great!  I did as previous reviewers suggested and snipped the tie holding the bust together-definitely made for a better fit.  But I ended up safety pinning it later as it did leave a nice gap when I moved my arms......in retrospect, I would cut the tie from where it was and have re-sewn it, just lower.  This dress was exactly what I wanted and I must admit, I looked GREAT!  Also-definitely spin around a few times in this dress, SO FUN.


This is now one of my favorite dresses. I usually run between a medium and large but I ordered a medium because I feel this brand runs just a tad big. This dress is a great quality fabric and design. It’s super flattering on and it’s also very comfortable. I’ve already worn this multiple times because it’s so easy to go from day time to evening with the change or shoes and accessories. And I’ve gotten tons of compliments. I highly recommend this especially if you live that vintage feel to your wardrobe.


Bought this to wear to a semi formal work party and worried that it might be too cheap looking or wouldn't fit well. It looks and fits great. I am a size 18-20, sometimes 22 and this fit perfectly. It shows a bit to a lot of cleavage, depending on the bra worn and whether you pin the v closed or not.  It does have a lot of stretch/give to it so that helps. It looked ok on by itself, it looks so much better with the petticoat under it. The biggest con is that it arrived in a box (as expected), folded (as expected) and it's going to be a pain to iron all the pleats and make them look like they're supposed to. Not the fault of the manufacturer though.


Absolutely LOVE this dress!! I am 5'4, 140 lbs and wear a 36 DD- the small fits perfectly.You will have to release the stitching on the bodice to get the correct fit. Beautiful style, I will be wearing this to my son's wedding. Sexy yet classic. You need the underskirt to achieve the desired fullness of the skirt.


I mean... I bought this in yellow in a medium and it was a little on the big side but I LOVE it regardless and immediately ordered it in every color available in small. HA! I do wear them with a crinoline and I snipped the basted stitch at the bust line, too. It was matronly otherwise. I’m a full time professional jazz singer and own a bazillion swing and retro dresses of countless price points. While this one does wrinkle pretty fiercely, it has quickly become a staple and one of my favorite dresses ever! I am 5’9”, 165 pounds, bust of 36DD, street size 8 and the small fit me much better than the medium.


This dress is A-mazing! I love the stretch of the fabric. It is so smooth and feels great on. I normally wear a size 10 dress and purchased the large. Perfect fit. As some reviewers mentioned, the dress is tacked at the bust line in an unflattering location. I removed the small stitches there and found a comfortable place to re-tack it so it would look as pictured. The only drawback is that it is a no-iron fabric. But I followed some online instructions for pressing, using an iron on the lowest setting and a damp pillowcase as a buffer between the iron and the fabric. Turned out great. I also purchased a crinoline to wear underneath. I highly recommend getting one that has a smooth top to it to avoid bulkiness at the waist (I had to drop mine almost to my hips to avoid visible bunching underneath). The color is more Cinderella blue than the soft aqua color it appears online, but a VERY pretty color. I wore this to a wedding and received a ton of compliments. Now I want one in every color!


