i purchased this dress for a party, I love the length and the cut and glad that i got an xl instead of a 2x which i would have normally bought. The criss cross in the front design fits me just perfect with nothing exposed which i  really like but it still covers your full bust if you have one, the sleeves are the perfect cut and cover just the cap of the shoulder just as the picture shows. The fabric is very heavy and came in a nice bag which left the dress with little to no wrinkles and protected from any damage. the waist is not tight and the fabric is stretchy in the waist area if you need it or you don't. I love the hidden zipper but i did need help zipping due to how far it goes up the back. The red color was very bright and vibrant and did not shrink or color bleed when i washed it but i did air dry even though you did not have to but i did. The skirt come to below the knee and you can spin without it flying up unless u want it to. The fabric is think enough that you can not see even a black bra through. Great dress has been my third purchase from this company and will buy again. I received this product at a discounted rate for my unbiased opinion.


This dress is absolutely beautiful! The material is of good quality that feels very durable, without being too heavy. The skirt is nice and full (and great for twirling!) The workmanship is great! I can't find any loose threads or uneven hems. The neckline is very modest. I am 5' 5" with a D cup and ordered an XL, and it fit perfectly. The fabric is a little stretchy, so it fit just snug enough in the bodice, but not at all uncomfortably tight. The skirt was just past my knee, so it will still be long enough for sitting in church. The dress color (light blue) was very true to the color in the picture. I couldn't be happier with the dress, and will definitely be looking for more dresses from GownTown in the future! I would recommend them to anybody.


Disclaimer: I was given this product at a discounted rate in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.


I love this dress! I have a hard time finding dresses that fit me well and don't look like they belong on a senior citizen. This dress took quite a while to get here but it was worth the wait. I ordered the royal blue dress. I was concerned because the picture on Amazon made the neckline of this dress look very low. It is actually not low at all and is a very nice shape. The high waistline is very nice also and hides some of my fluffiness. My Second concern when I ordered this dress was the length. I am almost 6 feet tall so finding a dress that is long enough can be a challenge. This dress goes to just below the knee. It is a perfect length for a night out or a day at church. I am excited to wear this dress!


I received this product at a reduced cost for this honest review.


I purchased this dress to wear to church on Easter. I am normally between a 14 and 16 dress size, depending on the brand. I definitely could have worn a L, especially with shape wear, but I ordered the XL to be safe. I also took out the modesty stitch in the front of the dress, which made it look much better. Overall beautiful dress!


Everything from the stretchy fabric to the flattering cut, this dress is perfect! I ordered my regular size (medium, 8) even though my measurements would recommend a large. I could have sized down to a small. I have a large chest so this does pull, but it is not inappropriate looking at all. As a petite woman, the length works (mid calf) and I received tons of compliments. I love how flattering this was for my waist! The navy with dots was beautiful and exactly the fun dress I needed. I can wear this to the park with my kids, church or even a wedding. I was shocked at the stretch, but it still felt and looked elegant. I want one in every color!


I have to give this amazing dress five stars for the workmanship and materials. The wrinkles from packing come right out after popping this dress in the dryer with a damp fabric of like color. It came out perfect, as though it had been "steamed." It boggles the imagination that something this well-made can be sold at this bargain price, and I will be back to try other dresses from this company. It looks like a movie star's dress from the 1950's -- truly. I am going to buy a crinoline to wear underneath to get the full effect, and I am planning on wearing this to a wedding coming up soon. Sample provided, and totally recommended. I have sewn many a dress over the years, and I recognize good workmanship when I see it.


I received this product at a discount for my honest review.


This dress looks nothing like the picture. The dress should have a band  around the waist and is the wrong color blue!  I have a wedding to go to on Saturday and so disappointed.


I really, really love this dress!  I was looking for something for my son's graduation, and I thought I would try this.  I was a bit skeptical of the fit because other items that I've ordered in the past have run much too small.  This was the correct size.  The material is a bit stretchy, so it's very forgiving if you do order a size too small.  The color is a light blue.  It appears to be very well constructed and won't fall apart after just a few wearings.  It's a flattering style.  I really like that the skirt is "twirly"!  I'm so thrilled, that I'm going to look into other dresses by the same seller.  I received this item at a discount in exchange for my honest review of the item.


I'm obsessed with this dress. It's so stretchy and fits great to your body. Because of the stretch I am returning the XXL for the XL. I am 5'8 and 230 lbs. I will also be cutting the threads at the bust


I love this dress! After looking at measurements as well as reviews I ordered a size XXL. I normally wear a 16/18 in dress size and seeing other reviewers in smaller sizes ordering XL I assumed an XXL would be perfect. I was wrong, I should of ordered the XL. I am currently finding out if I can exchange it.


Besides that, I love the look and feel of the dress. I ordered white with a petticoat (which I would recommend due to possible see-throughness and added fluffyness!), for my upcoming wedding and I think it is perfect. It stated I would not receive the dress until March 23rd at the earliest (When I ordered Feb 15.) and I received it Feb. 22nd. I will definitely be purchasing other colors in this dress :)


