I LOVE LOVE LOVE this dress. I purchased it along with a petticoat to wear to a PINK OUT banquet. I received compliments through out the entire event. Again I LOVE the dress but without the petticoat it looks like any other dress so the petticoat does help make the dress. The size charts are spot on as well. I went by THEIR size chart and the dress fit my body PERFECTLY. The dress was very well made. I am going on a cruise in August and I will order another gown from GOWNTOWN to wear for the Captains dinner. GREAT company and GREAT quality of dresses.


Dress fits very true to size. I cut the stitch holding the top pieces together as I am nursing and it allowed for easier access. Fabric has some give and hugs all the right places. I wore this for my courthouse wedding and reception.


This dress was even more beautiful than I thought it would be. Worked perfectly for my rockibilly pin up Halloween costume. Very flattering. A little long on me, but that’s to be expected being only 5’4”. Overall very happy with this dress!


It is such a cute dress. We were nervous the neckline was going to be too low but it's actually perfect! The fabric doesn't have the sheen as it appears to have in the pictures, which is a disappointment. It fits great and is comfortable to wear. It can be wore more casual or formal depending on accessories. We like the versatility.


OMG! This is the best purchase I have ever made on Amazon! I am right around a 16/18 so I was really concerned that I might have ordered the wrong size. No Way! I ended up getting an xl since many people said it has a lot of stretch to it. It fits perfectly! I was even able to pull it on over my head without undoing the zipper. The fabric is also very nice and thick. I love it ❤️ PERFECT DRESS! It’s so flattering! I will be ordering more of these.


5'6 155 lbs and this dress fit perfectly. Nicer material then I expected for the price. My only complaint it that it was not the light seam foamy-minty green as in the picture. It came as more of a light blue/green.


The dress in black is NOT what is pictured. I desperately wish that it was because it is such a cute style, but what I actually received is a joke. There is nothing even similar, the neck is huge! I will be returning and won’t be trusting this brand again.


I love the color, I had purchased it for a wedding. I even got the petticoat to go with it. I went by the measurements they had on the size chart and it was to big! The material was stretchy.  I wear a 14-16 / Larger-XLarge but the measurements told me to go bigger.


5'6", 135lbs: size medium fit beautifully due to post partum tummy but considering purchasing a small in another color as well for comparison. Hit just under the knee. Very flattering as the fabric is quite stretchy--the texture reminds me of gym leotards from the 70s/80s. Vintage style but not costume-y.


It does not look nothing like the picture . Colo is beautiful but design is totally different.


