I'm 5'5" 155lbs, 36D chest and ordered a Large based on the sizing.  The color is vibrant and the fabric is thick and soft, and drapes perfectly.  I had to remove the neckline threads as others have suggested.  There is some gaping at the neckline since I did this and will require some strategic ironing to get it to lay flat.


Overall fit was great.  I actually really like the fabric. I like that it has a little stretch, so that you get the nice fitted look through the waist, but you can still breathe! Skirt is nice and full, looks great with a petticoat underneath.  Only reason it wasn't 5 stars was because there was some popped stitching under the bust, where the waist meets the bust.  I had to fix the issue myself, but wasn't difficult.  Overall a great dress that I really like!  Very pleased!


Love it


Nice dress for the price. The fabric is of good quality. Dress has lining but it met my expectations.


I really love this dess but the color is not the color shown in the picture and it has an odd seam down the front of the skirt. The seam does not stixk out too much because of the type of skirt it is so I am still very happy with the product.


The quality of the dress is very nice and I would certainly order a different dress from this company in the future. My complaints about this dress are that the color is way more blue, than the subtly mint color shown - and it's not a pretty blue imo, more like a uniform; the top it stitched closed at the top in a really high way - no cleavage revealed at all, far too modest for me, looked very matronly; because it closed so high up, there wasn't enough fabric or darting on the front to cover my breasts (I'm an F-cup), so it pulled the front of the arm hole forward - not a big thing, but still made the fit look off. This whole piece just looked really frumpy on me. I've tried other much cuter dresses. If you needed something really modest, in a color other than the blue, this may work for you. The fabric was nice an stretchy so there was plenty of give and room to move, which I did like.


This is a lot of dress, and it's BRIGHT ORANGE, not red. Once I got over the shock (and this dress will definitely shock you), I had to figure out how to successfully wear this dress. It is visible from a mile away, and you won't go unnoticed in it. Oh, and did I mention that it's orange? You absolutely can't wear this dress without doing full makeup and hair, or you'll be simply lost in it. Your face and head will just become invisible;  you'll be a walking dress with no one in it like the invisible man in the TV show. With that said, once I got over my astonishment at owning a dress that wanted to eat me alive, I decided to go with it. I put on lots of eyeliner and orange (yes orange) lipstick and went to town on my hair, then put on jewelry and a pair of sky-high pumps. When I looked in the mirror, I was blown away at the bright-orange-dress-wearing silver screen diva looking back at me. I looked like a million bucks. An eye-popping, "Hey, look at that lady in the orange dress! She's crazy but boy she looks good!" kind of million bucks. I'm a Leo and an ENTP and an extraverted redhead, so I can pull that off, but I suspect not everyone can. This dress is not for the timid.


I loved this dress. I did need t get a smoothing undergarment though it showed the bakers dozen of you know what I mean! Once I had everything sucked in and smoothed out this dress was amazing! The material is super soft, breathable, and comfortable to wear.


A big thing I find was that this dress is hand was only. The tag also says do not iron, but you can steam iron it which it needs before wearing!


The dress material is super comfortable and stretchy, but can be noisy with even the smallest movements. It definitely does not fit larger bust sizes. I got a Large and my bra size is 34H and the seam for the bust line comes about 1/3 of the way above my natural bust line.


Well made, but the bust was too large & hung open. I'm 5'1", 112 lbs, & small chested. But even the extra small was too big. A padded bra did not help either, it's just cut too low for my height. Also, the red color was I ordered was actually VERY orange-hued as compared to the photo.


