This was my back up dress for a wedding. The felt the material was a bit too heavy for a summer wedding, though. This fabric wrinkles super easily, too. However, it fit my bust (44g) super well. I typically wear a 2x top, and this fit well.


My dress fit true to size, in fact, I had to send the medium back for the small.  This dress is VERY well made.  For the price, I expected more a costume feel and it is not.  This is a dress I will wear again and again.  It was perfect for the 'Old Hollywood' wedding we attended.  It's classy and understated.


I really like the dress.  It was needed as a costume for a teen and it looks really nice on. It runs very small and the material is stretchy so you have a little room to work with but I would suggest a size up.  The stitching on it was okay. There were several areas like on the sleeves that look like the sewing machine tangled the thread.  It was inexpensive but looks nice


Really cute. I'm 5'5 and have most of my height in my legs and the dress hits me mid-calf. I ordered a L to be on the safe side and while its ok, I think a M would be perfect. The color (blue) is a bit louder than I would have liked but I am pretty conservative in my taste.


Wow! I had to wait a while for this product- but by God was it worth it. The material is comfy and light (perfect for this Florida weather), stretchy without looking like it is, and really works well with emphasizing my body shape. I have a bit of a pear shaped body, so dresses like this work well with making my body look balanced. They also did well with the stitching that it is not overly baggy on any one spot. I'm definitely saving up to buy more of this dress in other styles because even if I have to wait another month, I love it!


The large fits me right around the waist (I usually wear a 12 and I ordered a Large) but the top is pretty roomy for me (though I wear a 38D). The material is also a little bit heavier than you might expect.


The top is very funky, and I ordered a medium.  I have other dresses by this maker and medium is fine.  I'm a 36D and the top is very baggy on it.  The cut is old lady style, although I like the material.  This is going back.


The length and waist are a perfect fit, but the bust is a little big.  I can fix that with the right kind of bra, but it gaps open if I don't have something keeping it place.  Overall not bad--but be forewarned, the product comes OUTRAGEOUSLY WRINKLED! I had to steam it three times to get all of the wrinkles out!


This dress is amazing! Wore it to a wedding and received multiple compliments on it. I'm a size 16 and the XL fit perfectly. It had a bit of play in it so I could dance comfortably and not feel any restrictions. Also, I suggest by purchasing a petticoat. It just gives it that little extra something


I used this as a shorter underdress/ top for a cliffside wedding shot where there was no way I could climb in poofy tulle. It was a little whiter than I expected and I did take out the stitch to release the neckline. It fit like a glove and has a fantastic cut. It was pretty wrinkled when it came in but they came out in the dryer. I hiked 2 miles and climbed in this and it still looked great to the wrinkles are a non issue. The picture has the extra tulle shirt that I'd carried up and put on once I was on the cliffside


