This dress is SO comfortable!  The material is a bit stretchy which was wonderful! Order the DRESSTELLS Women's Vintage Rockability Petticoat Skirt to make it poofy. Also,to make the bust lay correctly, take out the small tack stitch at the chest.  I did wear a cami underneath for a bit of modesty.


Great fit beautiful material this was a great buy thank you. It fit so perfectly I love it


This dress is PERFECT in every way! Very Flattering, comfortable, great quality and beautiful! I will be wearing it a lot!


I am 5,9 about 150lbs- and 36b cup. I bought the medium and it fits perfectly! The hem comes to my knees. I removed the stitch in the top, and it looks exactly like the picture.


It's a little to big. Went with XXL and I could have gotten a way with a large only because I'm small in the boob area. I normally wear a XXL in shirts in order for them to fit comfortably. I can slip this dress on without unzipping it. But I love the grape color. Bought it for a wedding.


So cute! The light pink is perfect for spring. Fits a bit snug in the USA (I ordered a 2X--my usual blouse size), but I'll wear it with a shawl or light sweater.


I clipped the stitch at the bust as many others suggested and it is SO cute. It fits great and hits that sweet spot where you can dress it up to be formal, and dress it down to wear out during the day.


The dress is beautiful! Fits perfect in all the right places. I'm 5'0" and 94 lbs. for reference. It's even fuller once you add a petticoat underneath.


Was hoping for little bit longer length and according to size chart should fit. But, is a little big. Made of strechy material so maybe one size smaller would be better.


Very nice for the price, looks great with a crinoline. The fabric is stretchy and therefore forgiving. It fits true to size, and I'm very happy with it.


This dress fits well and is an awesome color for the summer. Wore it to a luau and got so many compliments. I did have to pin to adjust cleavage but love this purchase.


