The "Sea Green" is very much a bright BLUE! And nothing at all like it appears online. Will be returning this shortly.


I’m a 6’1” tall woman weighing 240# with a 39” waist who wears a 16/18 and the XL fit perfectly. I make it into a Tardis costume but I just love how this material fits and feels.


I LOVE this dress! It's perfect for a traditional Chinese banquet wedding since the neckline is high enough and covers everything. I also love the nice stretchy material since I'll be expected to eat a lot...as in course after course for 3 hrs straight! I ordered a size Small and the dress fits perfectly; I am 5'1, 108 lbs but with broad shoulders for my small frame. I also love the tea length, which is appropriate for an evening wedding. This is definitely my now go-to dress for weddings, graduations, etc...I'm very pleased with this purchase! My husband is beyond happy since he won't have to take me dress hunting for once!


Love this dress. I am not a small girl and very rarely do I put on something that I really love, looks great  and is also very comfortable The best compliment is my husband and kids saying you look beautiful mommy and really meaning it! Don't hesitate to buy this dress I am definitely going to order it in another color.


Great dress! The material is nice and thick and the quality is much better than I was expecting. I snipped the sewn part in the front that held the V together on the bust and it looked so much better. I'm glad I bought this dress!


I normally wear a 6 or an 8, so I ordered a medium and it fit me perfectly.  The material is nice and heavy with a little stretch and a little shine to it.  The bust area fits a little strange, and I plan to have it altered just a bit there with a tack or two, but otherwise it is great and for the price you can't beat it!  Will be perfect for me for a 20th anniversary retro wedding vow renewal in Vegas!


I usually wear size L or XL in tops. Don't wear many dresses in this style since I can't stand tight items around my waist, but this dress is so comfy with the stretchy material that I will definitely be ordering more. Size L fit great. And it looks better with a petticoat under.


Gorgeous Dress! I got the purple and it is lovely. Material is nice and thick (hard to iron out all the wrinkles though). As other reviewers said, I had to snip a few stitches in the bust to make it look like the photo.


Way too long for my height (5’2) im in between small and medium, I look pregnant and fat because it’s a little too roomy even though I bought the smaller size. I ended up returning it.


I am 5'3 and a little chunky.. so I wear a size 8 the medium was perfect except for the length but I am used to that.. the top chest portion isn't as low cut as it looked.. there is one stitch I will have to cut for that. The materials are stretchy.. it will be a great dress once hemmed


