This dress has just been tragic for me. The first time I tried to buy it, I was sent an entirely different dress that was cut high in the front and low in the back with a bow. I really liked the dress I was trying to buy, so I returned the first one and tried to buy it again. I'm 5'7, 145lbs, 34DDs and my measurements are about 39" 29" 40", size 8/10, so I bought a medium. It fit in the shoulders and the waist, but the seam that's supposed to run under my bust sits too high and looks bad. I expect if I sized up for some extra room in the bust, it'd be too big in the shoulders or the waist. I run into this problem all the time in dresses, so it's not necessarily this dress's fault, but it was still disappointing. I'll be sending this one back as well.


Lovely dress. Color more of powder blue than mint. Clipped the tack in bodice and fit nicely. Swings great, has nice stretch.


I recently threw a retro cocktail party. The other dressed I ordered was a little too pinup. I took the stitch out of the bust because it was a bit awkward. Then it was a little too wide unless I pulled it down. It hit just below the knee, zipped perfectly, and flattered my thick waist. Disclaimer: I'm 5 feet tall and size 10 with a very short torso. Take the length with a grain of salt.


Adorable.  Color is just what is shown.  Fit is perfect for my bust.  I'm  38 D and I bought the Large.  I did cut the tacking that held the cups together and it opens nicely for a sweetheart neckline.  I wear it with a black petticoat for performances.  The material does have some stretch.  Washes nicely.  I did sweat in it it and had the white stain lines but those came out with the wash.


Some of the guests in the audience even complimented me on the dress and got really excited when they realized I had a petticoat underneath.  They said "oh my goodness you are wearing it just like we did!".  Super happy with this dress.


I ordered the red dress and it is orange. See the dress in the right on my photo. It even said “red” on the package it came in. I bought this for the Red Dress party so it won’t work. It’s a shame because it fits well. I considered keeping it for another occasion but not sure what that would be besides Halloween.  I am a solid 22/24 with large bust and wide shoulders and I feel I could have actually sized down for a more fitted look. I got the XXL. It’s a great material and comfy dress it’s just that the “red” color is pumpkin orange. The red dress in the pic (on the left) is from a different company.


Ordered dress in my normal size which is a medium and when I got it the dress is about a extra large. So definitely order smaller!!


Only four stars because the fabric this is made of is allergic to water... no really, when I was ironing it, I use the mist from the iron thinking in getting a more smooth finish, what I got was a fabric that wrinkled and spotted under water, I dont thing that this can ever be worn again. cuz it cant be washed. other than that is a beautiful nice fitting dress.


Gorgeous dress, fits well as long as I stuff my bra with paper towels. I'm totally flat chested. Hey...at least I can sleep on my belly easily.


What can I say except that this dress blew me away! For my body type, online dress shopping is always a huge gamble. I'm 5-6', 195 lb, and a 38D. I bought an XL and couldn't be happier. The fabric was soft, comfy, and had just the right amount of stretch to completely mold to your curves (the right curves!). This dress is super flattering and the stretch of the fabric makes it look like it was made for me. Beautiful dress, great quality, and excellent service. I am really tempted to buy more in different colors after such a positive buying experience!


P.S. As a side note, I did what others had suggested and cut the thread that held the front bust together and it made the chest area look more like the dress in the pictures.


This dress is perfection! I was hesitant to purchase since I'm plus sized and very short. For reference, I'm 4'11, 38DDD bust, 220 lbs (carrying mostly in my hips, butt, bust, and stomach.) I usually wear a size 18 in dresses, and I purchased the XL. Like other users said, this dress has a lot of stretch, so don't be afraid if you have a large bust. The fabric is nice and heavy without being too heavy, the cut of the neckline is beautiful (although I did take another reviewers advice and cut the top stitch to make the cleaveage a little deeper and give it more of a sweetheart neckline.) I'm a stand up comedian and I'll be wearing this for my next show and going to a Christmas party directly after, I can't wait!!


