A very pretty dress that fits well.  The colour is exactly as in the picture.  The material looks expensive and the dress is exactly what I was looking for to wear at a wedding function.


I love this dress. I got it to go to my sisters Wedding and it was a big hit. It does wrinkle very easy and is hand wash so be careful with how you pack it. I would have to say I would buy it again in a split second.


My wife loves this dress fits her great and looks good on her. She loves the reto styling on it as well.


Most perfect dress ever! Fits like a glove! Beautiful, classy retro style dress. It is stretchy so I went smaller than the measurements indicated. I will buy this in other colors for sure!


LOVE IT!  Bought it on a whim because it is purple but am DELIGHTED with the fit and feel.  My husband loves the way it looks on me too.  I will definitely buy another of their lovely retro dresses soon.


I did not get to go to the event I ordered this for, so I haven't worn it for a long length of time but it fit perfect. I am large in the chest and small in the hips so I usually don't order clothes online. I didn't even have to unzip this dress, just slipped it over my head. It seems like it was well made and will be very comfortable. Can't wait to wear it to the next event!


Deliver was right on time. The color, fit, and length was perfect and just as described. It was wrinkled from being in the bag so I hung it for a few days and most came out naturally. This fit is perfect for someone with my build (pear shape) and the materials is stretchy so it gives where I need it to.


The dress was great but did not fit.  The torso was too long for my height, causing it to gape in the chest and between the shoulder blades.


Beautiful dress! I'm excited to wear it for our family photos. I got a petticoat for it but it probably didn't need it and he light blue is a baby blue color. I'm pretty busty so am really happy about the modesty stitch. I would've had to wear a tank top under it otherwise.


I was amazed at how quickly this arrived at my home!  I live on an island in Alaska, and shipping usually takes a few weeks, but this dress arrived within one week!  The quality is also better than I had anticipated based on other reviews.  The material has a good weight and holds the shape of the dress well.  It is slightly too large, especially in the bust - a problem which I am unaccustomed to, having a DD bra size.  Overall, I can't wait to wear this to my work Christmas party!


