This dress is awesome. I was expecting your cheap, overseas dresses but this is a good thick, stretchy material that fits great. I Ordered an XXL and probably could have gotten an XL with no problems. I wear a street pant size of 16/18, but I'm really busty (38G). It covers up the girls enough that I can wear this in a professional setting, and hits just below my knees (at 5'6"). Overall, great dress. Does make noise when you wear it but I think after you wash it, that will help it out.


Perfect for an evening event out.  Very forgiving for curvy women.


I was surprised at the quality! I ordered a small it runs a littler large not as fitted as I wanted. I'm send it back for the xs. For reference I'm 5'4" 117 lbs. and a very chesty 30G. You may want to order down a size. This should fit like a glove for the full va-voom effect! You need the crinoline underneath.


This is the first dress in a looooong time that has been too large in the bust.


Such a shame: It was super comfy and I love the print. The fabric was nice and heavy and I like that it was stretchy. The XX was too big and the X was too small, so I guess I'm not a citizen of GownTown.


LOVED this dress! It arrived quickly and the material is so soft! I washed and steam ironed it. I had to use double sided tape on the top around my boobs but that's bc I'm a little conscience of my bra showing and it was for my husbands work Christmas party! I got so many compliments and felt gorgeous! I got the petticoat to go under it and it made all the difference in going from a more casual dress to formal! I will be ordering more for spring/summer and they will be adorable with and without the petticoat!


Fits as expected but the bust is a little puffy. I'm 5'8" 140# and between an A and B cup. Fits great everywhere but doesn't set off my gals like I wanted. I paired it with an acrenalin skirt which makes my waist appear small.


Very stretchy! I wear about an 18 or 20 (in US women's sizes) and so I went with the XXL to be sure. It fit fine, but I think I could have worn the XL if I wanted a tight fit. I thought it was well-made, especially for the price. Very good value.


This dress is a gorgeous true-pink.  The fabric feels like a polished cotton and the size Small fits like the proverbial glove (I wear sizes 2/4, 36-26-36).  Highly recommend this dress for its romantic cut and retro look.  Bravo, Gowntown!


Love the fit of this dress. Fabric is thick with some stretch. Quality was good, not top of the line, but great for the price. Color wasn’t more burgundy than dark red, but I still like it. I’ll probably buy another one in a more summery color.


I bought it for myself but the sizes run large. It is also stretchy. Not in a bad way. The dress looked great on my mother so she kept it. I would buy again but a smaller size way smaller. It runs big. By the way my Mother has no booty and very top heavy. This dress was very flattering on her. It created a waist on her. I hope this helps:)


