This dress is wonderful! I ordered 2 in different sizes for 2 of my bridesmaids- both with very different body types. They arrived quickly and fit both girls wonderfully! The fabric is a little stretchy, so it has some give and keeps its shape. They both love the dresses and one asked where I bought it so she could order more in different colors! Wonderful deal at any price, and exceptional given how inexpensive they are!


Very flattering vintage-look dress. I wore it to a Breakfast At Tiffanys themed party and it was perfect. It is constructed if an odd stretchy material but it doesn't look it. Only the wearer would guess that it has some stretch to it. It is thick enough to not need a slip but I feel weird without one so wear it anyway.


This was a great purchase! For me it fits as expected, the only thing I changed on this dress was a removed the sewing from the bust area, as I thought it was a bit confining. Taking out those stitches made the dress open a little and didn't reveal anything crazy. A comfortable fit and a great stretch material.


Just as shown and quality material! I bought this dress as part of a costume, but it fits so much better than I imagined! The material is slightly stretchy and very comfortable, supportive, and it flatters the figure. (And disguises my less-than-flat tummy) I'm 5'2", so the hem hits just below mid-calf, but it looks good with flats or heels. Love it!


This dress is amazing! The picture I am adding is when I received it; but after ironing, my crinoline will be perfect under this dress. The material is lovely and heavy but not hot, just super quality. The fit is absolutely perfect! I will be ordering more dresses from this seller for sure!


I normally wear a size 14 with a 36DD chest and a 34 inch waist. I ordered the XL and it is slightly too big. Due to the stretchy material I could have easily purchased the Large and been fine. I like to err on the side of caution though, so I ordered up knowing it might be too big and I would have to take it in if needed.


This dress is very cute.  Because it's rather pleated, its difficult to iron and looks stiff.  However, it is lovely and fits like a glove.  I'm a 16 and ordered 2x cause I like some give room.


So much STRECH. This dress has so much strech to it. It’s geeat to layer and holds great with petiicoats with it. The only thin is the bust is held together by TWO stitches. Anyone with a large chest needs to watch out. Cuz any movement and the girls could pop out. I redid the stitching to make it work. It’s a great colored dress and I love it.


This dress is absolutely beautiful! I'm 5'7 150lbs and ordered a small. The dress is comfortable and hugs in the right places. I've ordered swing dresses that were 3X as much and won't be doing that anymore. I'm pretty shocked and satisfied with the quality and fit of the dress. I would definitely order more from GownTown.


For the price, I didn't expect much, but I was pleasantly surprised! This is a gorgeous dress with a very flattering cut. The material is much more substantial than I thought it would be. (may be a bit too toasty for mid-summer. ...For this cold weather gal, at least)


Just a couple small things... Like another reviewer mentioned, I got rid of the tacking on the neck line, to show just a hint more cleavage. (Church socials aren't my thing)


 Also, there was a stitching anomaly at the top of one of the sleeves. It wasn't too noticeable, though, and I was able to tidy it up. Worse comes to worse, I might have to take it in to be fixed, but it's really not a huge concern. (perhaps it would be for a $150 custom piece, but definitely not a $35, off the rack)


