Very Poor quality nothing like the picture on site so disappointed.


This dress is gorgeous the material is soft and a little stretchy, very well made. I'm very excited to wear this for an upcoming wedding. The only reason I'm giving it four stars instead of five is because the color for the light blue dress is not what I recived. It's a little brighter while I was trying to go with something slightly more pastel. But other than that beautiful dress.


I wore this to my nephews high school graduation and I received multiple compliments. It fit well but I bought in white also in a medium and I like that fit better. Very feminine.


I normally wear an XXL or 16/18 in dresses and I bought this in an XL based on other reviews and previous experiences and it fits exactly how I want it to. The bust is sewn together with 3-4 stitches to make it more modest than shown in the thumbnail for the item and that made it fit across my bust TERRIBLY. I used a seam ripper and took the stitches out and now it looks much more like the original photo and it fits me way better. The only thing I'm not super happy about is the color. The red is much more of an orange/warm red than a true red like I thought it would be but overall I think this dress is a good deal for the price.  I will likely buy this dress again in black.


THIS DRESS IS SOOOO CUTE ON....I GOT IT FOR OUR ANNIVERSARY AND I LOVED IT AND SO DID HE. THE MATERIAL IS GREAT AND ITS SUPER STRETCHY SO NO WORRIES OF BEING TOO SMALL. I AM 5'1/SIZE 12 / 38D AND GOT THE XL BUT I REALLY COULD HAVE GOTTEN A LARGE AND WILL DO NEXT TIME. I WILL ABSOLUTELY BE ORDERING MORE COLORS AND STYLES FROM THIS BRAND.


I bought a XL and it fits pretty well but I think the boob area does kind of give me a uniboob, so I'm going to cut the little string the keeps the chest together to give me a little more clevage and no uniboob.  I would recommend buying a petticoat to go under the dress.


This dress was really a surprise when it arrived, especially for the price. It fits me wonderfully and is really comfortable, the fabric has a lot of stretch.


It looses a star for three reasons:


1. I needed an ivory dress for a wedding renewal, and the fabric is decently see-through. I want to wear purple crinoline underneath and I may have to add a nude slip that goes between the dress and the crinoline.


2. The fabric is noisy when you move.


3. Lastly, the label does not list the fiber content of the fabric. All it says is to hand wash, no bleach, no iron, do not wring, and line dry. I don't own a steamer, so how should I expect to get the wrinkles out? Having it hang in a steamy bathroom isn't doing the trick. If I knew the fiber content, then I might be able to use my iron on a silk setting. I'm just going to have to see what I can do. Maybe some Downy Wrinkle Releaser?


All of that aside, it's really a decent dress for the price. I also cut the tacked threads that held the top of the bust together. I imagine if my girls were smaller, I would have wanted those stitches to stay put.


I LOVE GOWNTOWN!!! This is my second dress purchase from Gown Town, and they do not disappoint. I love the fit of their gowns, finding them to always be flattering. They are also always made of quality fabric! The only negative I could say about this dress was I thought the red was a little orangey, I prefer a pinkish red. I am 5'5" 155lbs with 34DDDs, I ordered this dress in a large and felt the fit was great, everything was covered and it was very flattering in the stomach region. I look forward to ordering from Gown Town again.


* I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review


I first ordered this dress in pink because the color I wanted (red) was not available for prime shipping at the time, and wouldn’t have arrived in time for when I needed it. The pink one arrived with black spots on the front of it that I was not sure would come out and didn’t feel confident attempting to get them out. I was able to return the dress no problem, and went to reorder it. The red one was briefly available for prime shipping, so I ordered that one. It came on time and in perfect condition. It fit perfectly and as expected according to the size chart. It was a bit annoying to have to send back the first dress, but since I was able to return it with no trouble and was able to order the color I originally wanted, I have no major complaints. I am a US dress size 4, 5”6’, and weigh about 149lbs. The small fit perfectly. Would definitely recommend this dress and seller! It was PERFECT for the 40s and 50s event I needed it for. And if you’re also a dancer like me, the dress twirls beautifully. :)


perfect. i wore this as a wedding dress. it was meant as a reception dress to match my bridesmaids (who have this in black) i used the size chart & it fit beautifully. it did take a lottle bit to steam the wrinkles out. DO NOT IRON! im.5'5", typically a size 4/5. i bought a small. hits me just a little below the knee. it has a dart in the bust, i imagine to be let out for bustier women. i bought a double push up bra to fill it out. im a 34B & it was big in the bust, but fixable. i somehow managed to her black dust staims & bbg sauce on it.... i threw it in the delicate cycle & it washed right out & the dress is good as new. very comfortable, not itchy. you can wear it without a petticoat, but i wouldnt recommend not wearing the dress without one... its stunning all poofed up


