Conservative.


I needed this for a 1920's Hangar Party, I received so many compliments on it.  The bust was a little constricted as I'm large chested but I read the reviews and snipped the few threads holding it together.  LOVE LOVE LOVE


Fitting was true to size except the zipper was poorly made it kept getting stuck. Now it's broken and my dress is still pretty just made it backless


I love this dress and it looks amazing on me. Its perfect for my daughters wedding in March.


The workmanship on this dress is fine, no complaints with that. I was very disappointed with the length, I had read other reviews and was hoping it would be longer than it was. It is shorter than stated, and the bodice is made for someone with a short torso. I am 5'9" and not that much taller than most. The skirt came in just over my knees. The quality of the material is fine, and the stitching is fine, my only complaint is the length. I realized after I got it the really good reviews were from people who got the item for free or discounted price. I am done buying clothing from Amazon if I cannot get items that come as stated in the description. Buyer beware, if you are going to read reviews take them with a grain of salt if they are paid reviews.


The dress fits beautiful, but there are some draw backs to it. The dress is really not the same shade of red that is displayed in the picture. It is more of an orange red which isn't what I wanted. There is a seem that is straight in the middle of the skirt which looks odd. And when I received the dress there was a safety pin holding the cups together so your cleavage wouldn't fall out. It's just honestly an ok dress, I would have been a whole lot happier if it would have been the right shade of red.


Pretty dress, but I decided I wanted something with sleeves for an upcoming wedding.


Gorgeous on


It's beautiful!!! I got a Large and I'm 38, 30, 40. It fits perfectly. Looks fantastic with a petticoat. I need more colors now!!


The top is sewed shut and I found it to be unflattering. Returning.


