I have this dress in five colors now and I LOVE it. It’s just stretchy enough and light enough to be comfortable for hot days at Disney. The only thing I don’t like about it is that it’s hard to get the wrinkles out (because of the synthetic fabric you aren’t supposed to iron it, so I steam), but you CAN machine wash it. Just be careful.


i'm very busty and this dress barely accommodates it all.  but it gives me a waist! yay!  and is very flattering.  it is hard to zip the dress yourself but the material is stretchy enough that i can just pull it over my head.  i'm a 44dd and a size 20.  the photo shows it with pants.  which obviously would not be worn with it.  this was just a trying on photo


Very cute dress but you will definitely need to remove that top stitch.  Material is stretchy and comfy.


Loved the color in the photo but the light blue is a BRIGHT baby blue, not a sea foam as pictured. Ended up looking like Alice in Wonderland - cute, but not what I hoped. Otherwise, good quality for the price, flattering fit though the neckline is pretty high.


beautiful. truly beautiful and super comfortable. didn't even have to open the zipper and it fits great.


Amazing dress. I wore this one my recent cruise. Fits perfectly. It’s an amazingly bright yellow colour.


Ordered up as recommended but it was still to big.  I probably could have ordered my true size or just one size up and been fine.  The fit is cute and the length was nice.  Ended up sending the dress back due to sizing


This dress is beautiful. The material has a bit of a stretch, which is helpful for us larger breasted women. It fits the rest of my body,  not just the top.


This dress is a bit of a lime green to me...not yellow.  If the color had been different I would have kept it.  I liked the stretchy fabric.


Beautiful shade of blue. Excellent seem work.  Heavy duty but soft. Perfect plank. Just what I've been looking for.  The neck was just a little too low for my taste.


