love the dress, but it was way too long for me at 5' 2". had to have it hemmed, and avout 6 inches taken off. alterations cost more than the dress, but totally worth it!


The dress itself fit perfectly, but the bust area was much too large. Even with a push up bra, it wasn't enough for me. I'm a size 12-14, bra size 34B. The size down may fit, but I ordered it and never received it in time for my event.


Fabric is a bit stretchy fits perfect.


This dress was so perfect! When it comes it does have the top sewn together a bit but I just sniped the thread of that and it looked exactly like the picture!


Gorgeous outfit...can dress up or down...outstanding. Hope to get the right fit.


Love this dress! Fit as expected, the material is softer than I expected and has stretch to it.


Perfection! I did remove the tacking at the bust because I liked the look better. It has the feel of a much more expensive dress.


I have tried to get dresses from other places online and they either don't fit or the material is garbage. This is exactly what I was looking for and it was at my for in 3 days. Everything was in nice plastic bags. I would definitely use them again.


This is one of several dresses I have purchased from Gown Town and I can say once again I have not been disappointed.  The fabric is luxe and looks expensive.  The dress fits well so order your size as it does have some stretch for comfort. I receive so many compliments when I wear this dress.  I will continue to purchase from Gown Town as I believe them to be a very trusted high quality brand.


UPDATE


So this is my second purchase from Gown Town and again I cannot be more pleased.  The fit is perfect, the V neck is not too low and the bodice sits great across the chest.  The length is right below the knee, however, I am 5'3" so that is pretty on standard for me.  I will be taking it to the tailor to have it hemmed - also very typical for me.  I purchased the baby blue and now the royal blue and I cannot be more pleased.  The colors are vibrant and the fabric very lux.  The quality of the garment is extraordinary - no hanging threads, not skipped or missing stiches in the hem, and all of the seams have been serged.  I will most definitely be purchasing more of these dresses.  I HIGHLY recommend them!


Order two sizes I ordered a large and the extra large extra large fits perfect beautiful dress. Would recommend it to anyone.


