Unfortunately, this is a China-made product. I wish somehow we could know this first when shopping on Amazon as I would prefer to buy American. My concerns are: nowhere does this dress say what type of fabric it is. The tag says "hand wash, no bleach, no iron, no wring, line dry." Well, the dress was so wrinkled from shipping I had to iron it. I used the polyester setting because the lowest settings on the iron didn't remove the wrinkles. I also sprayed it with water to expedite the process. The dress is pretty and a little longer than I prefer. I am hoping to wear it next month for a presentation and look stunning with my matching shoes and purse. The pink is slightly more of a peach color than depicted but hopefully not noticeable.


OMG!!!! This dress is gorgeous!  The bright blue fabric is beautiful!!!  It is a thick quality material with a slight stretch to it!  I bought it to wear to a family member's wedding, and I think it is going to be sensational!  I will get tons of use out of it!  I will post pictures if possible!


This dress was a radiant turquoise blue color, bright and bold! The material is durable, and wrinkles from packaging came out easily with a steamer. The dress’ bodice is flattering, but I didn’t particularly like the “modesty stitch” in the bosom area. It was stretching and the stitch was coming undone after a couple hours. I should have just snipped it. It can easily be skipped, from what I can tell. Great quality for the price!


The dress fits as expected, is the correct color, and is of a comfortable stretchy fabric, but the top of the dress does NOT match the picture. Also, it is very poorly sewn, and already coming apart in some areas. I'm extremely disappointed to find the style is all wrong, and angry that I will need to return it.


Very Happy !!!  Well made !


I ordered my 28 year old daughter one .. slight different style in dark green !


I'm 5'0 143 and the Med was great ! Unfortunately at age 58 I do need a Spanx.


This is a beautiful dress! I bough the pink in a small. I am 5'2", around 140 pounds, and my measurements are 38 inches (bust) 32" (waist) and a bit over 39" (hips). It fits really well. The top is a bit gappy, but not enough to bother me that much. The skirt goes past my knees and has a lot of twirl! Like others have said, I snipped the few stitches connecting the two sides of the bust, so that the neckline looks like the picture. If you like a more modest neckline, you might want to leave the stitches. The dress is a cotton-like material with some stretch. I love it!


This is a really cute dress that is made from good fabric and is good quality. The problem I have however, is the way it fits. If you happen to be under 5’3 and have small boobs, order the extra small! I ordered just the regular small and it was way to big, especially around the shoulders and chest area. I expected that it would be a bit longer on me since I’m short, which is fine, but the baggy look up top is not cute. For reference I am 5’2” and 120lbs (so I am a normal weight but not super skinny and underweight like many short and petite people are). If you are this height and weight but have massive boobs, then the small will probably be fine, but if you have small 32B boobs like I do, get the extra small! I did use the sizing chart and it said I should be a small based on my measurements but it does seem to be inaccurate since the small ended up being way too big. I don’t consider myself super skinny so it’s weird to me that I’d be an extra small but I guess that’s just how it is with this brand. The picture below shows how much extra empty space there is in the boob area (and this is AFTER I got it taylored to make the shoulders smaller but, I just forgot to get the boobs fixed as well. So believe it or not, it was even bigger when I first got it.)


This dress looks very beautiful, it's good quality and the size is as expected


This was my bridesmaid dress for my friend's wedding. Comfortable, and fit exactly as I expected it to. Well made overall, there was just a loose thread right on the front that I needed to stitch up a bit. It fit me well. I ordered a large; I am 5'6" and 150lbs.


