I am always nervous ordering clothes online. But I was invited on a cruise with only two weeks notice, so I didn't have time to hem and haw and try on 74 different dresses in 12 different stores. For such a low price and fast shipping, I figured this dress would work. I'd only need to wear it once anyway.


However, I ended up loving it so much that I want to wear it all the time! I was seriously blown away by how amazing this dress is. The fabric is somehow thick and also super stretchy. I wear a 40DDD and there was plenty of room in the chest area. I'm thick waisted at 40 inches, and I had plenty of room there as well. I recommend sizing down. I usually wear at least a 2x in tops and a 16 in bottoms and the XL fit great, not tight at all. I'm 5'2 and the length was perfect. I got so many compliments. I want one in every color now and I'm going to wear this dress any chance I get. Oh, we're going to the movies? I'm wearing my dress. We're going to a bbq? I'm wearing my dress. I'll be known as "the girl in the polka dot dress."


So I tried another brand for a dress like this one and it fit too tight. I have a 43 inch waist so of course on the sizing, they don't go up that high so you just buy it and pray the stretch accommodates the extra inches. This particular brand goes up the highest in waist size, at least on this type of dress in white. It actually fits a bit loose! I might buy the XL size and see how it fits. For reference, I'm 220 lbs, 5'4 with a 45 inch bust and 43 inch waist. I will be buying more in other colors. My only complaint is that the waist is very high. I have a long torso so the stitching looks a bit weird where it sits. I'll have to purchase some type of belt to camouflage it. But if you're a larger gal and checking out other brands, go for this one! This will not leave you disappointed when you try it on.


I loved this dress.  The shipping was quick and the quality is much better than expected, especially given the price.  There were a few loose strings on seams that I snipped off, but no obvious flaws.  The neckline is tacked pretty high, but I took that out and added one where it worked for me to keep the overlapping pieces where I wanted them. The color is pretty true to my monitor, and is a rich and deep wine-red.  I ordered the Large and it fit really well - I'm 5'5" and 165 pounds, 36D, apple shape - and the fabric is stretchy, so it's very accommodating.  I washed it in cold on a delicate cycle and dried it flat until damp, then hung it up.  It was very wrinkled, but I ironed it with a steam iron on the lowest steam setting.  Be careful about pulling on it too much, because it could stretch out of shape.


To get the most out of the flair, I ordered a crinoline.  I got this one: 


As pretty as the shape and color are, the dress is pretty plain.  Since I was going to a formal gala, I wanted to 'bling it up' a bit.  So I ordered this rhinestone ribbon sash belt: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0772HB7FQ/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1.  Since I wanted to wear gold shoes, I went with the gold one.  I cut the ribbons off and tacked the belt onto the waist of the dress - instant glam.  Depending on your taste and color choices, you could leave the ribbon on and create a pretty look in the back, too.


I wanted to enhance the 50's feel, so I went with this rhinestone and pearls necklace and earrings: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B071YL4XS7/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1


I was able to put together an outfit (I already had the shoes) for less than $75!!  And I got lots of compliments.


This dress is beautiful!  I am wearing a small and the material is super comfy.  I am in love with the color, style and quality is great.  Happy Customer


Purchased as a bridesmaid dress for a wedding with a bit of a 50's theme. I'm 5'2", about 170 lbs, and big busted. I wear L or XL tops and size 12 to 16 pants depending on brand. I purchased this dress in XL and it's a nice fit. It's polyester, but the fabric has more of a cotton-poly blend feel. It has a decent amount of stretch and I probably could have worn the L, but the XL has a more relaxed fit. I did snip the thread tacking the neckline, and it provides good coverage for my larger sized bust line. I very much like that I don't need any kind of special strapless bra; my regular bra goes just fine underneath and doesn't show at all. The dress falls just slightly above mid-calf on me, but definitely below the knee.


I purchased and am wearing in the photo a petticoat/underskirt to give it the flair. The zipper is difficult or impossible to zip without help.


Overall a decent look and a nice fit.


Was perfect for a Disney Dapper Bound on Dapper Day! Beautiful color, and was as shown. Fabric had a good stretch to it, which made it super comfortable to wear in the FL heat and walking around all day in it. Wore a petticoat under it for added flare. Sizing is weird for me because my ribs and waist are just about the same measurements as my bust. I got the large in this, I had a different style, that will be returned, in XL and it was way to big at the top, even though my waist measured for XL. So I went with a large and it was a perfect fit! It is very stretchy so I recommend trying your typical size first, and then going up if needed, because chances are this Gown Town will fit.


Slightly too large for me (I used the manufacturer's measurements), and the sleeves feel a little unstable. Overall, though, I quite like this dress! Definitely agree with others about the snipping open the thread at the bust--it really makes it look like it's supposed to (see before and after shots).


Note: I'm wearing a small petticoat with this XL dress. My measurements are 41-33-37.


I wore this dress for my civil ceremony.  It is more of a tea length so I got it shortened to above the knee (not the cheapest alteration because of the full skirt and pleats but not too bad).  I received many compliment on the dress.  I tied a blue sash around the waist that matched my blue shoes.  I did retack the bust area to fit my chest, but also not a difficult alteration. I did have to have the seamstress resew a section of where the waist attaches to the bust as the thread was broken and I didn't want it to separate.  There wasn't a hole yet but I wasn't sure if it would last.  The bust section also seemed just a little short to me...if I pulled it down under my chest it was pretty low cut, hence why I had it retacked. (I have DD so that may be part of the problem too).  There was definitely enough space in the top for my chest otherwise.  The material has just the right amount of stretch so it fits nicely.  It wasn't very see through, but you do have to wear a flat bra (I wore a nude one) as any lace will pucker through.  I also wore nude bottoms to camouflage any seethrough below.  Overall a great dress for the price but m


I read a lot of reviews before the purchase of this dress. I am 5’6 and 140lbs, and normally fit in a size 6. I wear a 36 C and I purchased a medium. I love that the dress had a ton of stretch. I was able to pull it over my head instead of using the zipper. I got a lot of compliments on it all night. The color was spot on with the pic. The length was maybe a little long for me as it fell a few inches past my knee. I bought a black petticoat to go under which made the dress full and fun. Either way, the dress was great with or without the petticoat. I recommend maybe dry cleaning it??  As it was hard to get the wrinkles out. I think I could have purchased a small, but I was super comfortable in the other size. I will be purchasing more in other colors for sure.


Fit perfect! Shows the girls big time buy I'm ok with that, I am a 38 DDD so it's inevitable. Thick fabric good stretch. Love it.


