Dress is simple but lovely. I purchased this dress for a vintage themed wedding and it was perfect! Accessorize with black and vintage jewelry and its a hit!


The dress fits as expected. I love the stretchy material for comfort. I purchased another brand with similar design but the waist was too high and the skirt then was too short.  This dress had adequate length and the waist fit well.  I wear a 12-14 and ordered and XL.  I would purchase again.


April here (my husband and I share the account) and I love this dress! I usually wear 18 but just to be safe I went with the 20-22. I read reviews from others about this dress and the ones who said it looks better with a petticoat were right! I ordered one and it adds some adorable flair to this dress. It's not too snug or too loose, just right and it's great for special occasions, especially in the spring.


The material is VERY stretchy which makes it super comfortable. I would recommend buying smaller rather than larger if you are in debate of which way to go. I chose larger, and although it fits, I could have easily gone smaller and it would probably be better smaller. I am buying one size down for my next one, I have large breasts and I am wide hipped with a big bottom. And still could use a smaller size, since the cut allows for all the curves and the density of the fabric hides flaws.The label says do not iron, however, I did touch it up on low with no problem. I wore it to work and got tons of compliments.It really is a very pretty dress overall.


I purchased this dress for my Halloween costume this year (I was the Black Dahlia) and it worked out great. I ordered a small- I'm 5'9'' and typically wear a size 4-6 in dresses and the small fit perfectly. It's made from quality material and the fit is flattering around the bust and waist. Great buy for the price!!


Great product, fast delivery, fits as expected. Ordered size small for my daughter, she's 5'4" and 140 lbs. Very flattering fit and flare dress. We put a petticoat under skirt to fill it out and it looks amazing. Definitely recommend!


This fits except in the breasts. Returning it. Ivory not white. Heavy and stretchy fabric. Slightly see through. Comfy and flattering. Just isn't made for someone above maybe a C cup at most.


I got a lot of compliments on this dress however, it felt a little small and kept riding up on me. I felt like I was "smoothing" out the dress most of the night. But! I'm a bit lumpy too, so maybe if I lose a little weight, it'll fit better. Still, it's a lovely dress!


This is a nice dress, but there is a good amount of stretch to the fabric, which can make it a little more revealing than intended. It is more sky blue matte fabric than the light aquamarine shiny satin that the picture reflects, but it's still very pretty. I wore it with a crinoline under to a wedding and received many compliments.


My rating is thus: I will wear this dress again, but I don't feel the need to purchase it in other colors.


Ordered the dark red for my daughter. Arrived just as pictured. Good fit, good material. She absolutely loves it. We did purchase a petticoat to fluff out the bottom of the dress. Recommend you do the same. It's perfection. I'll be ordering a different color for myself.


