I bought this very affordable dress to wear to a wedding. I also purchased a crinalin to wear under it. I really like this dress. There is a good amount of stretch to the fabric and the dress hugs in the best places. FYI- I cut the little tacked threads in the center of the bust to open up the cleavage and it makes the dress look more like the advertised image. Also note that you can not iron this dress. I just sprayed with water and smoothed out the wrinkles. Do not tug on the wet fabric, it will miss shape the dress. All in all a very pretty and affordable dress. I would purchase again in another color. I purchased a Medium, my bust is 34 DD or 36 D. I wear a size 8-10 street size dress and a size 12-14 in bridal sizing. I'm 5'7" and 170 lbs.


My fiancée came up with the idea of doing a vintage photo shoot for our engagement photos. Being busty and having a tummy was a big concern for me as well as length. I usually have a hard time finding dresses that don't need some sort of adjustment, especially when I order on line. This one was perfect! Slightly bigger than I expected but that worked out just fine since it gave me plenty of room for movement and once the petticoat was added had a perfect flare. I plan to order at least one more in another color. Don't hesitate on this dress if you think its not for a plus size girl. I rocked this dress! I had so many complements on it and I couldn't have been happier.


I bought this dress to wear for my late summer outdoor wedding and it is so flattering. The swing in the skirt is fun, and the stretch in the dress is comfortable. The material is super soft, too.


The white is more of a coconut white, which is perfect for me.


You will definitely want a pettiskirt for it, so spend the money on one from Malco Modes. I tried a bunch and theirs was the only one that gave the dress a true flair, plus it was super duper comfortable.


So much love for this dress!


Details about me/the fit: I am 5,7", 170 pounds, 34DD, 40" waist, and 43" hips. I wear a 12-14 street size and a 10-12 dress size. The large fit me perfectly.


I cut the two small stitches that held the bodice together and it made the dress come alive! I used a safety pin on the part where the bodice overlaps, just to give it a little shape.


In love with this dress so much so I think I'll buy a red one too! I bought a XXL it's a little snug but not anything that some spanx can't solve. I bought a XXL I normally wear a 18/20 sometimes a 22 depending on the material and style.


This is what my wife had to say...


I love anything vintage looking from the 40's and 50's. I wanted the dress for my husbands holiday party at work. After reading the reviews I decided to purchase one size larger. I normally wear a size 14-16 in general, but I am also used to ordering one size larger in dresses being as busty as I am (40 DDD) with broad shoulders. I am only 5'5" and figured I would need to hem it once I got it. Since I didn't want to take a chance with spilling out or showing too much for a work function I opted for the larger size. I ordered a 2X, and it puckered in the front and was slightly loose through the middle (no stretch). After taking the advise from a previous customer I cut the tacking threads at the chest. It looks great! I have a bit of pulling at the sleeves but not so much that it is noticeable, and not so much to where the shoulders don't align. I believe once I get a better bra to wear with it and the tutu petticoat slip I ordered it will look really good. I don't think I will need to hem it, but we will see once I have the petticoat. The material is very stretchy, therefore it is very forgiving. It will stretch another 3-4 inches for me so I may order a smaller one in a different color just to compare the look. I ordered ROF Jane Pumps https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01ICA1H06/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_1 in Blue and they match perfectly. Overall I am very happy with this purchase.


Absolutely love this dress! It will be my bridesmaids dress this coming April,  and I cannot wait to see them all dressed up in this beautiful yet affordable dress! I am 4'11'' and about 100lbs, and the XS fits me like a glove! My sister is the same height and about 110+, with a large bust,  and the small fit her perfectly as well. The dress comes tacked at the bust with a small stitch,  which looks a bit awkward on larger breaststroke,  but literally takes to seconds to remove,  and lies perfectly afterwards!  The fabric on this dress is so comfy and smooth,  it stretches just enough to be flexible,  but not enough to sag.


The pink color is soft and romantic,  and the neckline has more than a enough room for a large bust,  while still looking good on a small one. The length hits me several inches below the knee,  but isn't unflattering at all! Again,  I am thrilled with this purchase.  Shipping was quick since I used Prime,  and the dress arrived in a lovely zip bag,  neatly folded.  It is a bit difficult to iron using a conventional iron,  I had to use a wet cloth to press it,  but a good steaming should work perfectly,  and once it's pressed,  it hold the press for a long time! The full circle skirt looks great as is,  but I bought a petticoat to add some floof, and it looks phenomenal! Would absolutely recommend this dress to anyone who asks,  I'll be buying myself one in every color!


This dress is wonderful. It's super flattering, and kinda stretchy which is nice.  It's true to size.  I wore it to dapper day at Disneyland.  It made me look so great! The blue is more of a sky blue.  But it's still pretty.


Makes a Lot of noise when you move


This dress is amazing! The material is stretchy and the dress is so comfortable! I will be buying this in more colors. I am usually a size 14 and ordered a large.


Purchased this dress for a masquerade ball that was part of my family reunion activities. I received tons of compliments on the dress and I really really love the way the dress fit my frame and my body shape. I did buy a Can-Can that went under the dress but could have gone without that because it still had flare at the bottom but the can-can gave it a little extra spice. If you are considering buying this dress buy it is a great purchase and will be staple in my wardrobe collection. I plan to buy the dress in a different color to wear to a formal event coming up this fall because I really really really like the way this dress fit. I would tell you that the top part comes attached at the bust area it is sewn together that I actually cut apart and it makes your breasts siy  perfectly. The dress runs true to size I ordered two to make sure that I had the correct fit.  The dress I'm wearing is a size 2x. I am 196 lb 5/8 in usually wear a size 18 and the 2x fit me perfectly. The 1xl was tight on my arms so I went with the 2xl.


