Fit great but material isn't great shows every imperfection, although the material is think isn't too forgiving, If you wear a shaper underneath shouldn't have any issue.


I love this dress!  I am tall about 5ft 8.5inches without heels. I can wear this with 3-4 inch heels and it still hits the floor.  I generally wear a size 8 or 10 and I ordered this in the large and it fit great. I'm pretty busty (36D) and this fit well in the bust and I didn't feel like I was exposing myself or having to constantly pull it up.  One thing I didn't quite like is that I had to slip the dress on over my head and then wiggle it down.  The way it's made you can not step into it and pull it up.  The dress has some stretch to it so it's very comfortable.  The black material is not too dressy, its kind of a slightly ribbed jersey so it has a little more of a casual feel even though the style is very elegant. I wore this dress to my fiancé's District Awards dinner and party with a chandelier style necklace and drop earrings and I felt amazing!


XL fits a size 14/16 body with 36g chest. Bottom around the feet is a bit loose and flowy/too long but can be easily fixed.  Gorgeous dress for the price.


Very Flattering to a woman’s figure!!


I returned this dress.  I ordered a large and it was not true to sizing.  Also, the fabric felt really cheap and there was a defect on the back of the dress the shoulders didn't line up correctly. One side the back of this dress was higher than the other.


I ordered a med based on reading almost all the reviews and measurement of people and I squeezed into this like a sausage. I will be leaving my real review on the XL I replaced this with


Did not fit as expected


I recieved so many complements on this dress. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I ordered the navy and it was more of a royal blue than navy but still a gorgeous color. I am 5'3 and around 120lbs and I ordered the small. It fit perfect! Can't wait to wear it again!


I actually like the dress, however plan on fixing the length if your under 6 foot? LOL. I`m 5`3 and it had 6 inches taken off. Its a good buy if you know how to sew. If you don`t buy somewhere else. Tailoring cost would make it not worth it.


The only size that was available was LARGE when I ordered this dress. I had hoped I could squeeze into it. When I received it, it was too tight. I wish an XL was available. I would buy it again, if the seller had an XL for me. :-) It is a great dress.


