Ordered for a formal event after reading most of the reviews. Arrived quickly but as soon as I touched it I knew it wouldn't work. The fabric is very casual and lightweight. I'm 5'5" and the dress was 7 inches too long after 2 1/2" heels and the sleeves were loose and fall down.  I'm planning to cut off the skirt to knee length to wear as a casual summer dress. Do not get this if you need a formal dress.


I bought a large im a size 8 im also a 36DD and it fit great! Thick material! My only complaint is the stiching on the hem/train/slit, got caught on my heal the whole night.


This dress is super cute! I love the off the shoulder aspect. I ordered a large (Im 5' 8" and 160lbs). I normally order medium in dresses and after reading reviews I got a large. It fit perfectly like they said. It was a little long so you'd want to plan to wear heels with it.


Everyone liked my dress. Looks expensive but hell no! I'm happy i looked for a formal dress here in amazon. i would never have known that i can buy something great looking but affordable formal wear here in amazon. I'm 130lbs 5'3" and i bought M. It fits right a little long but a 4" heels helped remedy that problem.


XL is More like a US-Small to Medium. Gave it to someone small and it looks great on them.  Disappointed for me - 1 star.  For someone tiny - 5stars. But since it is not what I expected and I couldn't use 3stars


The sleeves on this dress feel really weird.  I liked how it looked, but didn't like how the sleeves felt on my arm.  The sleeves are also sewn on a bit unevenly.  I ordered this in a L. I'm 5'6. Measurements 34-28-43.  And it had a great length to it but I returned it because of the awkward fit.


Gorgeous dress, very classy especially for the price! I wore it to the Marine Corps Ball and got tons of complements. My only complaint is that the top tended to gape open and I had to continuously pull it up to keep my bra from showing.


It is not a bad quality, but be sure to order a size up! if you don't it fits very very tight on your finger.


Got A LOT of compliments on it. Very flattering for a curvy girl. Definitely looked more expensive than it actually was ;) My one issue was that the back where the slit is kept twisting at the bottom, so I kept having to adjust, kind of annoying. Don't know if it was because my spanx were moving it or because the seam was actually off but definitely had to adjust a lot. Otherwise amazing for the price.


Loved the dress! Definitely fit true to size. Only negative is material is a little thin and in daylight, it might have been able to see through...but I felt great in this dress!


