Great dress. Super comfortable and hugs your body in all the right places! Gave it 4 stars because mine came with a small hole on the back by the zipper. It was an easy fix, but it shouldn't have been shipped that way. Overall, loved this dress. I'm like a size 10, 5'10'', and 36D and the large fit great! Definitely long enough.


Got many compliments but my only issue was that iam petite and asked for a small and was sent a medium. I received it a day before I was going to wear it so I could not returned it on time. The material is ok and it makes a decent female frame. If your built with hips or heavy top get a bigger size since you don't want to look tight and cheap. Losse is more elegant.


I loved loved loved this dress!  I was a little worried, but all the reviews seemed good.  This dress was comfortable and looked amazing.  The fabric was soft and flexible.  I danced all night in this dress and felt amazing!  If you are on the fence about this dress like I was you will be pleasantly surprised!


Was nervous because I have larger chest , but this dress was amazing!!! ❤❤ it!!! I ordered it as a backup and glad I did. My other dress had issues seconds out the door. I threw this one on and it fit everywhere it needed to got. Lots of compliments!!!


I love this dress. Fits like a glove....literally like a rubber glove. Only negative is the shoulder/sleeve is narrow and feels like a band rather than a sleeve.


I did not believe I could have this dress delivered overnight and in time for my Holiday Party, but it DID!  I was amazed at the promptness of delivery.  The dress runs a little large, in my opinion, but not large enough I'd need a new size.  I have a large chest and it was still roomy in the top and shoulders.  But it hugged everywhere else smoothly.  It is long, but I assume most people aren't 5'1. :)


Overall, I am VERY pleased with this dress.  Good quality, prompt delivery, and I am very happy with how nice it looks on the figure.  I know I will be lending this out and wearing it in the future.  It really made me feel beautiful for my Holiday Party when all other dresses failed me.


I have a large chest, and this dress did have some difficulty staying up.  For the price, I would definitely buy this dress again!  I wore it to a formal wedding reception and it was very comfortable, I could dance and move all night long and it was very easy to transport!


I read the reviews prior to buying so I sized up. Turns out the top part was too big and I had to have it altered to fit my arms and chest tighter so it wouldn't fall on me. No big deal. The big issue for me was how short the torso was. I am tall and have a long torso and the peplum was slightly higher than it should. Oh well. I'll probably won't wear it again. It is a beautiful dress. I really wish it was made better. The fabric is great, kudos for that.


First of all, made2envy is who I purchased this from and I received a size large when I clearly ordered a size small.  They were WONDERFUL about correcting the mistake and rushing the correct size to me.  However, the small came and it fell off of my shoulders... I was still unable to wear it... fit ok in every other area but apparently my small frame wasn't enough to hold that top part up. Very disappointed as the dress is beautiful but I was unable to wear it :-(


Beautiful dress. Arms were a little tight but I made it work. Fit great. Very flattering. Wish I had a full length pic to share.


The material is very forgiving.


