Pretty cheap material but for the price I can't complain!


This dress is simply gorgeous. I'm 5'5' and rather curvy. I usually wear a S or M in dresses I buy on Amazon. I ordered the M because some reviews stated that it runs small. It fit like a glove. Not see through. It is stretchy and the peplum detail hides all the right spots without adding weight or looking stupid. I wore it to our wedding vow renewal in vegas and got tons of compliments on it. Some complained that the top is a little loose. I wore a sticky silicon bra for extra coverage and to keep the girls in order. If it wasn't so hot in Vegas I would have used dress tape to secure it, but it was totally fine without. I just made sure to not lean forward to much without holding it down :) Yes, the dress is pretty long, but with heels it is perfect. For this price, you won't find a better, more elegant wedding dress!!!! I hope I will get another occasion to wear it again. I ordered it with prime the night before we left and it came just on time! Thanks Amazon!!!


Loved this dress! Got lots of compliments. I mean, for this price, why pass it up?  I'm 5'7.5", 158lbs and I ordered the large. It fit great. I will say this - the package that arrived said large but the dress had a very small label that had "xl" on it. Soo I don't really know what the true size was.


I wanted to add that all you have to do in order to avoid some of the problems others mention about drooping of sleeves or front of the dress is invest in dress tape. It's inexpensive and will keep everything in place. I had it on the sleeves, front, and around the back so my bra wouldn't show. It makes a world of difference.


You cannot beat this dress for the price! I wore it to a military ball and got so many compliments all night long. If you've got curves, this dress is for you. For reference, I am 5'4" and am usually a size 12. I ordered a Large in this dress and it fit like it was made for me. I wore 4" heels, so a taller girl can definitely wear it. There is also quite a bit of give in the fabric, which is on the thin side. The key to making this dress work is proper undergarments. Get a good push up strapless bra and a pair of Spanx! I will say that one side of the neckline was a little wonky, but not enough for anyone other than me to notice.


I ordered my size S in  white and it's beautiful . I love it even though I didn't wear for the occasion I bought it because it was a little see through. Not too see through however for the occasion I needed it didn't work out ... Highly recommend :-)


AMAZING dress. I'm somewhere between 5'2" and 5'3" and my hips are 39, waist 32 and a 36C. The dress fit like a glove and is compliments my figure very well. It's about an inch too long but I knew this would happen because I'm not that tall. Easily fixable. The zipper isn't the smoothest so I would be careful when pulling it up (maybe have a friend help). I can't wait to wear this to my bf's frat's formal - I know he's going to love it! Going to get a dark blue pendant necklace to go with this. Absolutely love it! (Please excuse the bra straps in the photo - I didn't want to whip out my adhesive bra to try the dress on.)


Ok, so for curvy reasons, I ordered a Large. I'm 5'-6", the dress fit the curves very nicely, but was super long.


Also, the dress was tan. I thought that it might be a bit more of a champagne color or somewhat dark beige, but it wasn't. It literally matched my skin color and I wasn't feeling it, but I also didn't want to return it for a different color since (1) time, and (2) there'd be more money to buy a different shade. So I decided to dye it.


I dyed the dress in Rit DyeMore Graphite for synthetic fabrics. Used a bucket from Lowes and two bottles of the dye. Honestly, I should have had the water at a hotter temperature, but the color turned out fine regardless. I'm pretty sure that if the dress was in a hotter temp, then the color would have been darker, but I like the color grey, so I'm happy with it.


Picture shows how different the colors are from my skin tone to the new color.


IF YOU PLAN ON DYING IT - Use dyes that are for synthetic fabric (if you're using the Rit one, use 2 bottles), use the hottest water that the fabric can withstand (make sure that during the dying process that it's at that same hot temp, try not to let the dye bath cool down), and if you buy the dress with the intention of dying it, buy white (unless you want the same color as the dress I dyed).


SHIPPING========================================


Came in a plastic bag (glue peel-able type; not heat sealed), and the packaging was in the white/grey shipping bags.


5'5", 165, 38D. I got a large and it fit but a little looser than I'd have liked but still wearable. It fit pretty long as well so that it drags unless I put on really high heals which I will not be doing. I bought this same dress from another seller for $15.99 (in black, size large) and that one was made of the exact same material but it fit a little more sung and was a better length for me. Also, this dress came with some hairs on it like from a dog I think and the stitching on the back by the zipper wasn't perfect but that's just me being picky, however for the price I wouldn't have expected that. I think you can find this same dress on here from another seller for a cheaper price so I'd recommend looking around. This style though is very flattering and I recommend it!


This is a great dress. I wore it to the formal dinner on a recent cruise and felt gorgeous. Even though I put on a little weight recently, it was very flattering to my body and made me feel confident. The peplum is perfect because it hid a little pudge but didn't look too trendy or unnecessary. The dress fits snuggly around the hips and did a great job of holding everything in place. My only complaints were at the top. The sleeves looked gorgeous but the neckline felt a little loose and would sometimes lose it's shape.  However, some fashion tape would have helped because it only happened a little bit. Other than that, it looked great and was the perfect dress for the occasion. You will feel elegant and sexy in this dress!


Beautiful dress...fits perfectly


