This dress what absolutely perfect! It got perfect, color was vibrant, and the price is beyond amazing!


It was too small. Had to return. The quality seemed good though.


I wear an 8 I got a medium , super cute and comfortable I love it!!! Cant wait to wear it on the cruise!


This dress is exactly what I was looking for and fits just like on the model. Even though it is a tight, sexy dress, the peplum hits in the right place and shows off your waist while hiding any tummy so you don't feel self-conscious. It was a nicer material then expected and fit me perfectly. I am 5"5 and 128lbs. The top is a TEENY bit larger then I'd like, but I think that is a necessary so you are able to move your arms. NOTE: you cannot really raise your arms over your head for obvious reasons, so just keep that in mind.


NICE DRESS, GOOD MATERIAL.  ARM STRAPS TIGHT.  ZIPPER NEEDED TO BE RESEWN INTO DRESS.  WORTH THE PRICE.  VERY HAPPY WITH THIS DRESS.  DOWN FALL - ARM STRAPS.  NOTHING ELSE!!! HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE.


Nice material...was too long and too small. Returned item.


I love this dress!!! I'm 4' 11" and I'm very curvy. I wear a size 16 and I bought a size XL. It fits me very well. It hides my belly and shows off the right things. Being 4' 11" I have to have it taken up but I would have to have any dress taken up because I'm so short. The material is strech


This is like the sisterhood of the traveling pants dress...somehow looks great on everyone. Totally worth the money! Buying it in black too!


Love the dress too small.  Much smaller than exoected


I normally don't purchase any dresses from amazon! I usually buy dresses from macys, jcpenney, groupusa/camillelavie etc, but this time around money was a little thight and my cousin was getting married and a needed a dress asap! I started looking online on amazon that had prime shipping. I was a little hesitant to order but when I saw this dress, read all of the reviews and saw the pictures, I went ahead and ordered it. I went by the reviews looking at the ones that were similar to me! I am 5'5" and I weight 161lbs.. Going by the reviews thay said they ordered large and it fit well, so I ordered a large and when the dress arrived it fit like a glove! The lenght was just perfect with a little heel. I felt like a million bucks in this dress, and I got a lot of compliments! The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 star is because in the back, there is a  sewing line (and dont know how to say it exactly) , but a line that suppose to run in the middle coming down in the middle of your butt, but the line actually was leaning towards the left side, meaning that the dress from the back side looked crooked! But all in all for $40 I couldn't be happier with my purchase!


