Lovely dress perfect for an elegant evening, of course the black is universally flattering. I loved the fit. Get this dress you will not  be disappointed.


I loved the dress, only downsize is I got a medium and it was pretty large when I got it. I don't want to say to get a bigger size when you order, but it is spandex and will fit perfect doing so. Other than that, I loved it! Very elegant and beautiful. :)


Amazing dress, material feels nice. I had so many compliments on this dress, looks expensive. Great dress!


I loved this dress! I received compliments all night. I'm 5' 3, 145 lbs, and curvy and purchased a medium. It fit really well! I probably could have gone with the large for a bit more wiggle room, but I was very happy with the fit of the medium .


Dress fits like a dream! I bought it in red and in black. I am almost 5'8" with an hour glass shape. I weigh about 175lbs. and have 36DD chest. Covers my tummy which is not perfectly flat! and accentuates everything else perfectly. It is long, but with 3" heels it will be perfect. So glad I ordered this. $40 dress that looks like a $400 when you put it on. If you are not large chested it may be loose for you at the top.


dress is beautiful althought it was ripped from the back right next to the zipper nut  i got it repaired and wore it to a wedding, i love the material its fits like a glove....its stretchy kind of material but will show your curves very well.


Not bad for an inexpensive option to wear to an event requiring a white dress. I'll definitely have to wear the proper foundational garments, but it will suit my needs for sure.


I ordered this dress based on the reviews. When I received the dress I was so disappointed! It didn't look like the same dress like these women are wearing on their pictures. The material is super cheap and see through! Missing slit on the back side of the dress. Returning this dress asap!


I'm 5"2, 120 lbs and ordered a medium. It fit like a glove. I absolutely love this dress. The length was perfect, I did not have to have it hemmed.  I wish this dress would come in other colors because I would buy them all. Can't wait to wear this dress for the holidays.


I really did like this dress.  I was worried about the fit, buying it online without being able to try it on.  I got the medium and it fit great (I wear a medium size in tops and an 8 in pants), except for being a tad too big at the top.  I am a D and it still was a little big around the chest area.  Overall, I was very happy with this purchase and wore it to a black tie formal optional wedding.  My husband loved it so much he said he needed to find somewhere else to take me where I could wear it. :)


