I LOVE the thought of this dress! It has soooo many great reviews, I went over the pics and reviews all the way down to find the right size. I am typically a M/L and a 10/12 dress. I ordered a Large and the top fits absolutely perfect but it is TIGHT all the way down. Not in a slimming way, but rather odd looking way. I couldn't walk in it. Sadly have to return :( the dress itself is very thick, great material and comfortable, the sizing is just off. Shipping was super fast! Great seller, great dress, just too small.


This dress is amazing it seriously fit so great my stomach is my trouble area and this dress hid it perfectly. I wore it to my husbands military ball I got a lot of compliments


This dress was amazing! I wore it for a work event and received several compliments. As others have posted the sleeves like to fall down but I didn't mind it too much, it's tight enough in the chest that it stays in place. This dress is complimentary in all the right places. Perfect dress to make you feel sexy as hell yet very classy. I'd highly recommend this dress!! May even have to buy another in a different color! Heads up: Amazon sizing chart apparently doesn't apply to this dress, I'm about 5'6, 145 lbs. and I ordered a large when typically I'd choose medium. Beautiful dress, great quality price for a stunning look!


This was the perfect dress. Thank you so much, Mycie


I had a wedding to attend and this was my 3rd wedding this summer and didn't want to spend tons of money on gown again that I will never wear again. This dress was beautiful and it fits like gloves. I received tons of compliments that night and it felt good that I didn't have to break the bank to look good. I dress it up with a nice necklace and when your hair is done, it all came together beautiful. I wanted to attach the pics but didn't see the option on here


The dress does not sit off the shoulders like it does for the model in the picture. The sleeves do not go where they are supposed to and they are very loose. The dress was a tight fit and I wear a small...either way I was so trying to make it work but no matter what I did those darn sleeves would not cooperate. My being small chested, (ok, very small chested...lol) didn't seem to help my cause either!


Pity I had to return it! Pretty dress though....


I am only giving it one star because of the sleeves. Otherwise it is a very pretty dress.


I am an size 12, about 195 lbs, and 5'4". As soon as I was completely zipped up in the dress...I felt beautiful.  Quality material for a great price.  I wore it for the cruise elegant night on our first cruise for our anniversary.  I received compliments all night. Love this dress!#


I was so happy with this dress! Wore it to a black tie event and received so many compliments! Arrived quickly with Prime and I think it was an unbelievable deal! Scoured all the malls and looked at $200 dresses and so glad I found this instead. Even though the back is low I was still able to wear a regular strapless bra with it.  It was so comfortable and the peplum style was so flattering and I felt like I could eat and drink as much as I wanted without worry.  I think it would be flattering on any body type!


I bought this for "formal wear" evening on a cruise, and it is perfect! Extremely comfortable, flattering, formal and a little sexy. The cut and peplum will look good on almost any figure. The lightly textured fabric breathes and stretches comfortably but won't wrinkle horribly, and is thick enough to not be revealing. I've been getting a little frustrated with clothing on Amazon, but this dress could not be better.


