This was a nice dress. It does look as pictured, and the color/cut are flattering. However, I did deduct a star because, even with a red dress you could still clearly see my bra and underwear. The fabric on this dress is very thin, so any bit of chub/cellulite/any risen scars you have on your upper body, butt, or upper thighs, will show because the fabric is already so thin and those are the areas where the dress hugs the body.


The neckline is also a bit odd; it has no real structure, so if you're a bigger chested lady who would fill out the chest of the dress a bit more, this neckline will probably warp into a slightly unsymmetrical curve. When standing in front of the mirror, it was driving me nuts. But again, this is just a product of the fabric being kind of thin and flimsy.


Overall a very pretty dress that is as pictured. If you have a great body then you have nothing to worry about! The dress is very pretty and you should be good to go as long as you figure out how to hide the undergarments.


I love this dress. It definitely compliments my curves. Its form fitting. I ordered an extra large, I'm 5'3 and 165 pounds. With my 3.5 inch heels my dress slightly touches the floor. The material is thick enough to wear with a light winter coat ( preferably a full length fur or wool ). The split in the back is lovely, but, not too high where as it look raunchy. The only thing I dont like about the dress is you have to put the entire dress over your head to put it on. As a result,the top of the dress gets stretched out a little too much for my liking. Otherwise, this dress is a winner...especially for someone who has a belly pudge and wants to hide it''


Pictures coming soon!


First of all, I've decided to buy this dress after reading all the positive reviews and high recommendations from customers. I have a banquet to attend to and was very excited to wear this dress. When it arrived, first I checked the material. Although, it's nice for the price, there's something in the back that feels scratchy, also it could be the stitches. Second I checked, the stitches. They're okay. there's a few loose threads from here and there, but you just had to pull and cut them and the dress will be fine. Third I checked, the hemlines. I didn't see any problem until I tried it on. The hemline on the lapel/chest area is so off. It is too loose. And there's no way you could alter it, it would look funny. For your preference,I bought size small. I'm 4'9", 108 lbs, 32A, athletic build. The dress nicely fits in all parts of my body but the chest area. Too loose that it flaps. So, here's my cents. If you have similar body frame with me, don't buy it. You'll end up returning it. Go ahead if you are breastie. Short torso like me? Don't buy it. Flat chested like me? Don't buy it. I was so bummed out that I had to return it.


Dress is is amazing.  I received so many compliment in person and on FB.  I ordered a medium and it fit perfectly ( 5'3 140 lbs). Very slenderizing


Flattering and sexy but not revealing! Got medium; I'm a size 8 (5'5, 34-29-38) and it was a perfect, body-hugging-but-not-tight fit, with the hem barely hitting the floor in 3" heels. The peplum covered my ever-present belly, and I wore a spanx half-slip to "even out" my other bumps. I danced all night and was very comfortable, even raising my arms above my head regularly (swing dancing)-- the off-shoulder arm bands didn't stop me. Got so many complements about the dress and my look: statement necklace, capelet, long satin gloves, red lipstick, victory rolls in my hair-- it transitioned into a vintage 1940s, Hollywood glam look perfectly for the USO 1945 Dance I attended. But I'm going to wear it to a black tie work gala next weekend and it'll be perfectly elegant and modest (no cleavage). What an amazing dress and amazing price!! My friends were all talking about "rent the runway" dresses they'd gotten-- silly girls! who needs that ??! --this is an awesome dress for much less $ and I get to keep it!!


Great price and sexy/classy dress. Got a few compliments and felt beautiful in it. The fabric was as I expected. It did fit me a little tight. I ordered a medium but i am in between sizes at the moment. One complaint I do have is that the sleeves kept rolling down but it might have been because it fit me a little tight. Other than that, great dress.


Perfect fit. 5'6", usually a size 6 dress, the M was great. Long enough to wear heels. Definitely recommended!


I like it a lot but don't love it'


nice fit, nice cut, but the sleeves that should fit around my arms are too big so I will have to tailor that part


this dress is great for one to pay around 40.00, decent pricing


from my perspective, you need to have nice sized girls to wear this dress. I am not that busty but i think with push up something, it will look better


the material stretches so it provides for a form flattering fitting


the dress is a bit see thru if worn in daylight so I am only giving it 4 stars


this company did a very nice job with this dress as well as another I ordered


This is not a high quality fabric, but that's really only noticeable if you're touching it/examining closely. It looks fabulous when it's on – the off the shoulder look is very elegant, especially with an updo and the right jewelry. I received several compliments throughout the night.  Fit is slightly snug; if you're on the border between two sizes, go with the bigger size, unless you like to wear your dresses very tight. I'm roughly between a small and a medium – I ordered the small, but if I'd had more time, would have exchanged for the medium. I had some trouble with keeping the top part of the sleeves from flipping down, so I used double-sided fabric tape. However, this might not have been a problem if I'd gone with the larger size. As for length: I'm 5'1, wore the dress with 3" heels, and still had to hem about 3-4" off the bottom. That said, make sure you give yourself time for alterations if needed. I would definitely recommend this dress.


Literally flawless. Wore this to a law school formal and received so many compliments I felt like Elle Woods once she's gotten a grip on her life and her #goals.  I'm about 5'6" approx. 140 lbs. and it showed off everything you wanted people to see, without exposing what you might not feel 100% confident on.  You can wear it with a strapless bra or with other lady-bit-containment options.  I bought the black option, but I definitely hope to buy this dress in another color.


