I didn't pay attention to the material when I ordered it. It's polyester and has no give but I was out of time so I made it work. I received lots of compliments and it looks great in my picture. I am 5'5" and 150 pounds. I ordered the medium.


I got this dress in read for a formal event I'm 5'2 and usually wear size 8-10. I went with the medium and I expected it to be a bit snug.The material is stretchy and supportive. I ended up not wearing a bra! I loved it because FOR THE PRICE it is truly a wonderful elegant dress. Perfect for a college student on a budget but still waning to stand out. I had endless compliments and felt comfortably elegant. I am seriously considering buying it in black.


My arms are big so it didn't fit well on my arms and it was like trying to put on a too small girdle but once it was on it looked better than it felt.


Ughhhhhh,there are so many pictures of beautiful curvy women (and just as beautiful other women) that I was ecstatic to receive this dress. I want to love this dress so badly but it just didn't work for me. That being said, just about everything else about the dress was awesome! I am 5'1 and about 135lbs, 34dd with an hourglass figure and have verrrry broad shoulders, which is the main reason this dress and I just couldn't be friends. It basically just accentuated how broad my shoulders are. Having a large chest was seriously tricky in this dress because the support is non-existent and I just couldn't find the right strapless bra (which is difficult to begin with) that didn't leave all the support to my rib cage and create a super unflattering roll right under the bottom bra band. BUT other than that this dress is awesome for the price! The material is actually quite thick and seems to be of good quality. The peplum part does wonders if you want to wear a sexy, fitted gown but aren't in love with your midsection! And it hugs your figure in all the right places, aka my butt looked amaaaazing! Without heels, this dress was probably a good 4-6in too long for me but could be easily hemmed. I toyed with the idea of returning the dress but I really want to keep it and make it work, I just don't have enough time/creativity to do that before I leave for  my cruise. Overall, I gave this dress 4 stars because it's truly a keeper even though I don't look that great in it!


I needed a dress really short notice so I did not have high expectations... I was very pleasantly surprised! It looked great


Hello guys!


I brought a human to this world and had to feed the child with being much like a cow.


I had a little bit too much waist and needed quick access to my baby feeders (aka boobs to feed my child) during a wedding.


This peplum style covered my belly perfectly. I used the dress as my profile pic.


And the top part was  perfect to feed my little one!!


Quality: great! I could even wash it in the wash!!


Now why did I knock off one star??


It easily exposes your top.


Please buy some fashion tape with this!!!! PLEASE! You need to make sure it doesn't drop when you bend down!!


That part of the dress is probably the worse part. Ever. I got scared to bend to pick anything up because I was scared I would be exposed!!


But why four stars? Because I looked so good.


Would I recommend..... I might. If you bought fashion tape.


Love it! I got a large bc I have a big bottom lol I used it for a marine ball and got endless compliments for it! Get it, you can't beat the price and won't be disappointed


This dress is amazing and I received so many compliment on it!! The material was high quality, durable, and elastic. The price is great too, I don't feel hurt to only ever wear it once (hopefully not).


Size ordered: S


Height: 5' 7


Heel height: 4"


Measurement: 34" 26" 37"


Arm circumference: 9.5"


The length fits perfectly as shown in pic. I had to alter the top a bit because I am smaller on top, the bust and the arm were too loose. I did not measure the arm circumference before the alteration, my estimate is about 11 to 12 inches. The hip area was a bit tight, but since it was elastic so it was okay for me. The little fringe around the waist is perfect to hide the belly after having a big meal :D no need to starve for a night out!!


it is a lovely dress and fits better than I expected. The top however is a bit too big - so it falls down around the arms and the chest and I have a big chest.. so I think most people will need this dress altered up top to be a perfect fit. Maybe if you're a meaty-ier person you'd fill the whole top out.


I wish I could add more stars, that's how much I love this dress. Best purchase I ever made on Amazon. The dress was stunning! I've never been complimented more on a dress. The fabric is stretchy and hugs in all the right spots. Comfortable and fabric moves with you. I highly recommend! I am buying two more!!


