I love the dress and it fits well. unfortunately, right before the party, i noticed a fairly large hole under my armpit. It was something quality control should have caught. I have attached photos to show that it wasn't just from wearing it was actually never sewn in that area. I had to sew it before I wore it that night, otherwise, i would have returned the dress.


Absolutely love this dress!!! The top doesn't fall down which is what I was worried about! :) also my tummy area is usually my problem area but it smoothed it right up!


Gorgeous dress!! Fit well, definitely has a stretch to the material and a large prob would have fit me better as the top was slightly large and I kept pulling it up throughout the night. I did have to have it altered at the hem as well since it was too long for me. Overall, I loved it though and I received a ton of compliments. For reference I purchased an xl and am 5'6 and weigh 165 lbs.


Gorgeous dress. I'm 5'9" and usually wear between a 10/12. I got the large of which fit me perfectly. Loved the color as well. Would definitely recommend purchasing....A real keeper..


Can't express enough how impressed I am (and everybody else was) with this dress. Got this for a ballroom type of event and I got so many compliments on it from looking like a mermaid to being the best dressed lady there!!! I got a size L for


my size 8 34DD body and it fit perfect - tight to show my silhouette but breathable and comfortable. The material was thick too so no see-through.  I ended up using a sports bra and tucking the straps in just to keep the girls in check . The peplum was also great to slim down my waist and stomach.


This was one of the best  purchases I ever made online. It was my first time buying a dress online without trying it on first. Ha. Everyone loved my dress. I wore it at a wedding. I do recommend that you get a size bigger. I got medium and it was very difficult  to put on. Hubby had to help me. I wear size 8.  Anyway, see it for yourself.


I was very disappointed to find out that they sent me a Medium. The bag said a small, but the tag had a giant M on it. I had ordered this dress for a work holiday party and this was way too big. I don't know why they would think someone who's 5'2 and a size 2 wouldn't question why this dress was so big. I'm a 32C, so I know that the bust will typically be a bit big for any dress, but I knew this was too big all around. I returned it hands down. No apology or explanation was issued.


I really wanted to wear this dress to my holiday party and I was super excited.


Of course not the best quality but for the proce it pretty good. Fits as expected, I'm 106 lbs and got small. Planing to wear a black tie wedding, I believe it will be nice look.


I ordered my dress size based on other reviews and it was great. I'm usually size 4-8, but I'm 5'4", 155lbs. It fit well, with the material having some stretch and it feels like it's of high quality. I bought this dress for a black tie wedding. Shopping was prompt... I just wish they made this dress in more colors!


Fit wonderfully and got lots of good comments from friends - came on time and felt like a superstar.


If in doubt order it!!


