Meh. Not impressed. I'm 5'11" and slim. Bought a large when I normally wear a Med Bc of the other reviews. Should have gotten a medium. :( Not as stretchy as I thought it would be and way too big around my waist.


Love this dress !! It fit perfectly  the materisl is stretchi and forgiving. I wore it to s wedding  came in on time . The material is washable .and for the price  it was an awesome dress.


Loved this dress, but I had to return it.  It was just too small in the chest.  I'm a petite but chesty girl.  It fit great everywhere else.  Very cute.


Wow! This dress was perfect! Wore to a ball and got a ton of compliments. I'm 5'3, 135lbs and have an hour glass figure which I'm usually trying to hide but this dress made me feel so beautiful.  I ordered in both medium and large and went with the medium because the top/chest area was too big and I'm a 36c.  Highly recommend!!!'


Just got mine and it fit as expected. I love it! Now contemplating if I should also get it in red. Don't hesitate and just get this dress!


Ok, most formal dresses run a little small, and that's understandable. However, I ordered a large 12/14, the tag on the dress is marked large, but the dress barely fits my daughter who wears a size 2 at the largest! WOW! This is absolutely unacceptable! Guess my daughter just received a free dress to wear on a cruise!!! And I only posted a star on the rating bc I couldn't leave it BLANK! This is a disgrace!!!!


The best dress that could have ordered! So surprised! I'm 5'6" and i ordered a large. I'm a size 10 in jeans. Husband was amazed!!


The reviews were spot on! I'm 5'2" 135 lbs wear size 8. Medium fit perfectly. Bought this for a black tie wedding. Covers my belly gives me clean lines. VERY long but for $40 well worth alterations. Can't wait to wear it


Overall this dress is a STEAL! I bought it as a backup to wear to a military ball  but once I received it and tried it on, my search was over. I am 5'1 barely and the length is just right on me with heels. The material is pretty decent quality especially for the price and it does have a little give to it.  The only thing I would recommend is order a size up especially if you are a curvy girl like myself. The peplum is a major plus too if you are aiming to hide your tummy while still looking sleek and sophisticated. Great dress!


This dress was very well made and fit perfectly! Normally a size 6, 34DD, 27" waist, 37" hips and ordered a medium. Lots of compliments! Very comfortable. Wore 4.5" heels and


