I ordered an XXL, I'm usually a size 16 and wow, this was so gorgeous! It fit perfectly and it made me look thinner. The color was perfect and just what I expected. The shipping was incredibly fast, I needed this dress for a special occasion and wanted it in as soon as possible just in case I needed to alter it. I didn't have to alter it at all, I'm 5'3 and the length fits me perfect. If you're taller than 5'4 it may be a bitt short. No complains! Have not worn it yet to my special occasion but once I do, I will post pictures!


Love this dress I bought it for my brothers wedding and got solo many compliments. Yes the seams where they touch are the best sewn I had to fix one - nothing a needle and thread can't handle (and I can't see) it is a thick material that stretches and contours not thin -- so so and underneath is not visible -- loved it ! I'm 5-2 -- 160 -- size 10 normally and needed a large


I bought this to wear to a fundraiser but I had to send it back. It did not fit true to size - I even ordered up a size and it was still too small. The material is not anything fancy which I didn't expect anyway for the price BUT the surging on the seams was awful!


I really love this dress. I'm 5'2'' and 112 lb, the small size fitted me perfectly! The dress was too long for me but it happens all the time to me because I'm very short. I just did some alterations and it fitted me!


Im not sure why there could be any negative review on this. Shipping fast. Quality is great. I had no stitching or sewing issues. Arm/chest area stayed where it needed to stay with no tape. The Length scared me when i took it out of the package but once its on it is the perfect length with heels of course. I have it in black & it honestly looks way more expensive than it really is. Oh and the material in my opinion is thick no need to worry about anything showing. Lastly I in no way shape or form have any type of an "hourglass" figure but with this dress i do/did without the use of a cincher or shapewear so i really think it would flatter any body type.


I was looking for a dress at the last minute to wear to my friends Senior ball for college. She had asked me to go and I didn't want to spend a lot of money. I decided to buy this dress along with the Flower Leaf Bridal Prom Pearl Crystal Choker Necklace Earrings Set N336 


! Both items arrived within 2 days through Prime! The quality of the dress was nice for the price. A very stretchy and breathable material. When selecting a size I strongly suggest looking through the size charts as well as reading the comments. I was debating between ordering a S or a M, I am 5'2 and am a 34D bra size and have large hips. I finally decided to order it in a small and was very happy that I did. The dress is snug but I don't mind that at all and it helped to enhance my natural curves. Now because I am so short the dress was a bit long for me, so I rolled in under the peplum and you couldn't even tell. I strongly recommend this dress if you need something at the last minute. Its elegant and beautiful; I received compliments left and right. <3


Unfortunately it did not fit as expected comparing with the size chart. Although I and bigger chested and have a booty for my short frame. Will probably have to go up two sizes. Other then that the dress is super adorbs!


After having issues with the post office, I finally got my package today! I love this dress! I ordered it in a L and it fit perfectly! I also ordered this dress in a navy blue and I love the color. The material is thick so you don't need a slip. It looks amazing on me and I can't wait to wear it to a wedding I'm attending next month. This is the perfect dress if you want a classy but sexy look. I would highly recommend this product. I will order from this seller again. The dress is tight around the thigh area which is to be expected but the split in the back compensates for that because it gives you room. I love it! Buy it people! You won't be disappointed!


Probably one of my favorite dresses in my closet at the moment. The fit is stretchy so a medium will do when I'm usually a large in other brands such as H&M. Will definitely recommend it to curvy women - Works perfectly on our body type! However, if you are short, you would need to trim it like I did.


I was very disappointed after receiving the dress. The idea of the dress is great. But the execution was very poor.  The dress looked great from far away.  But, it looked really cheap if you are standing near me. The quality of the stitching was very uneven.  Stitching was not even straight. The armholes were way too big. The dress lacked structure where I had to pull it up constantly. I returned the dress.


