Love this dress and got rave reviews. A little altercation of the straps, but it was perfect for a ball.


Bought this to wear for a fancy black tie NYC wedding in December, and everyone loved it.  It was super glam, and made me feel old Hollywood chic!  It's tight and sexy, but at the same time, I felt like I could eat whatever I wanted in the dress since I had the nice peplum flap to hide and belly I might gain from all the food I ate!  The material was super comfortable too and I felt great in it!  It's also a steal for the price, and looks like it cost more than it actually does.


This dress fit perfectly. I got told a few times that I was the best dressed at the event. I wore this to a formal gala event. I WILL wear this again.


Absolutely gorgeous dress. Snug in all the right places and covers my tummy. Can't wait to wear this to my masquerade ball.


I wore this gown for my senior prom. I decided last minute I would go and wanted to get an inexpensive dress. I contacted Amazon to make sure I would get this in time (I purchased it 4 days before) and they were helpful and accommodating. The dress was lovely and suited my figure well. I found that the peplum is high on the waist, so if you have a larger tummy it can help hide it, but generally peplum rests lower on the hips. The fabric is a thick jersey material, and unfortunately there were several parts in the stitching where there was just a lack of a stitch. I had to fix the holes myself, which wasn't too bothersome, but lowered the quality a bit. It looked elegant on my figure but was a few inches too long. I didn't have time to tailor it, though. I wore 4 inch heels with it and I still stepped on the bottom a bit. I'm 5'2", 150 lbs, with a 28 inch waist, 38 inch bust, 38 inch at the hip bones, and 42 inch at the largest part of my butt. The waist and tummy area could have been a bit tighter--it was a tiny bit loose so I wore a belt. And the sleeves were a bit snug.


I ordered the medium large.


Ordered this dress fo a friends wedding which was a black tie event. This was the third dress that I ordered and Iloved it and returned the others. It fits nicely and compliments your shape. I received many compliments even from the bride....


Loved this dress fits perfectly! Looks like picture and inexpensive


This dress is awesome. Inwent back and forth forna while about buying it because the reviews are good and bad. Yes, it is made of a cheaper stretchy material but it doesnt look cheap at all when you wear it. I got the red and wore it for a military ball. I got compliments all night. I am 135lbs and quite busty (34DDD) and the medium fit perfect. 5'4" with heels and the length was perfect.


Loved this dress, add a rhinestone belt and it will be perfect for my daughters winter formal! Once she put on her heels the length was exactly right.


Stretchy fabric and I'm not lying when I say this dress would look beautiful and flattering on anyone who wears it. Check out the pics for this product! Wore it last night thinking that I'm going to pull a Sofia Vergara with my fat ass, but this dress was just comfy and amazing.


