I ordered this dress because of the awesome reviews it received.  All things considered, it's a nice dress but personally, I think the material is kind of "polyester-y" looking and feeling.  Also, the top just won't stay put over "The Girls" so it needs to be altered to fit properly in the chest area.  I'm on the fence as to whether I like it enough to keep it.  I love the style and the dress is VERY figure flattering (it sucks you in and camouflages problem areas).  I think it may be better suited for a larger busted person.  I'm a B cup and will need to take in the top near the arms to make it work for me.  It will also need to be hemmed, if I decide to keep it. I'm 5'5" and it's way too long even with my 4.5" heels.


Sophisticated and sexy!!!! This dress is really fabulous! You can't go wrong with the price. It's very flattering and while the material is not the best quality, it's not thin or transparent. It has an elegant look to it and it photographs well. It has a stretch to it and the peplum part hid my stomach (pouch). Honestly, with the right jewelry and hairstyle, you will look like a million bucks. Buying from this seller was great too. I got my order super fast. I also had to return my original purchase for a larger size and the return was amazing, quick, easy and no hassle. I got a ton of compliments all night by the way. Just for the record, I am between a size 8-10 and the large fit me. I am also 5'4 and it was a little long but I wore 4' heels and was fine. I totally recommend this dress. It's flattering, inexpensive and chic! Get it. It will not disappoint.


Great dress for the price. Of course, we are all different body-type and have different "attributes" even within the same size, so I couldn't expect to fit like a glove (I had been falling out of it in the chest area, sadly), but with slight adjustments I think it will be a great little dress for me for years to come


Wore it tonight for the Hollywood Music in Media Awards- gorgeous and received many compliments- I was so proud to announce I bought it for $39 on Amazon! haha :) Very comfortable, stretchy, and I'm 5'4 but with 4 inch heels the dress was the perfect length.  I usually wear a size 4 and the Small fit perfectly.


As a mother of 3 it's not often that I feel sexy but this dress is sexy to the max!!! Stunning, so comfortable and affordable! I lost count of how many compliments I got while wearing it! Must have


This dress is everything! My bridesmaids loved it and it fit all the different body times of all the ladies! Only the two very slim girls needed to alter their dresses. Very comfortable they said!


I would give this 4.5 stars.  Its actually GREAT dress for the price!  I wasn't expecting much, and my heart sank when I took it out of the package because it looks like a shapeless piece of fabric.  However, the fabric is heavy enough, and stretchy enough, that when you put it on it fits like a glove and hides all your figure flaws.  Plus its comfortable!  The zipper only goes to the peplum so getting it on is tricky (lots of pulling and wiggling) but its worth it for the amazing fit. I had to get the neckline/arms fitted as it would not stay up quite right but otherwise I love it. No one will EVER know you only paid $40!


Obviously at this price point, I wasn’t expecting a high quality garment. But this dress was AWFUL! The fabric is thin and chintzy, with little snags everywhere, and this was brand new out-of-the-box. Who knows how many little snags would’ve happened while wearing it! I’m 5’3, 125lbs and typically wear a small. Ordered both a small and medium and both were super long and skinny, possibly for a 6 foot tall toothpick? Lastly, just for funsies, the back slit literally came up to my butt crack. So unless you are a 6 foot tall 100 pound adult film star, the dress isn’t for you.


Looks great on her... boy oh boy fit's her 5' 7" frame like a glove and covers the little tummy  too. Thid dress came faster  than projected by Amazon. Arrived not so neatly folded in an ordinary box. Had a couple of loose threads dangling ... but for the fit it's worth every penny. Seller work a little more  on your final product  presentation to get 5 stars. Let your team trim threads and fold dress neatly with a little tissue in box to make her feel special.


Other buyers, For the price this is a great deal. Good work guys. We will buy again from you.


5'4 125lbs - 36c ...puchased a small and it fit near perfect.  I had it altered about an inch or so from bottom.  Im a bit clumsy at times and didn't want to trip.  Love this dress!


