The small I ordered was wayyyyy to large in the upper body area. The length and fall from the hips was good but the shoulders and bust area are toooooo large!


This dress is soo stunning .


im very satisfied with my choice and purchased I made . Dress looks just like the picture above and has such a perfect slim fit . I cant wait to rock my dress at my friends daughter sweet sixteen . Im 5.4 128 lbs and choose size medium what fits just how I want it . The shipping was very fast 2 and it was very easy dealing with the seller ..im def looking forward to buy my second dress from Made envy dresses ... I rate this dress a 5 star :)


This dress looked like it was made in the kitchen.


I love this dress!!!!


Nice gown but runs extremely small


Love it!!


I ordered this gown actually as a backup gown not expecting much, especially because of the price.  I was completely amazed once I tried it on!  It was a thicker material then the popular thin almost see thru polyester dresses out there.  It looked much higher quality and was sexy and body hugging without looking cheap or club like material. I am 5'7 and about 125 and large chested (34D) and this dress fit my curves like a dream.  It is long, as I wore 6" heels to keep it from dragging on the ground, but that was my preference.  I was able to wear a strapless bra and undergarments/hose without them showing through and the slit in the back was perfect as it went to just above the back of my knee.  I wore a beautiful thick sparkly necklace and earrings and that was all the dressing up it needed.  I wore this dress for a formal dinner/dance holiday party and it was a show stopper.  I received several compliments from both men and women (and the snake eye you get from women when you know you look really good


 that night- so I take that as a compliment!!).  I would absolutely recommend this gown to anyone, however with the peplum waist (the ruffle) I think it looks and fits best if you have a long waist or hour glass shape, otherwise the ruffle would hit the hips and that would not be flattering, as no one wants to accentuate hips or make them larger!! I order on Amazon all the time but this is by far my favorite dress to date AND least expensive.  I seriously am looking for somewhere to wear it again.  "Made 2 Envy" designer was indeed just that!!! So happy!!


I bought this through another account on Amazon, and it arrived really quickly! I tried it on and immediately loved it. I'm 5'5" and hourglass shaped, a D cup size and about 160 lbs. I bought the "large" size and it fits me really well!


The material is comfortable and stretchy without looking very cheap. It's a little too long on me, but with heels and maybe a little hem work it will be perfect. I have larger arms, but it fit well and wasn't really a squeeze!


I'm really pleased with this dress and look forward to wearing it out!


Loved this dress for my wedding reception dress !  My husband and I had both been married before and for many reasons other than that, we both wanted to do a NICE BIG BEAUTIFUL Backyard Wedding, But on a 'Smart Budget' !  I was so happy with this find, for this price.  Downside is it does run small, as other reviews state.  I ordered a Medium, which is usually my size since they had no more in large to upsize.  I got the dress and it barely fit, still looked beautiful but was SOOO tight.  Unfortunately they had NO more in white in size large.  I hoped to lose weight before wedding, but did not !  I squeezed into it and prayed I did not rip while dancing and partying all night long LOL.  It held up great and I received many compliments.  Overall, very happy bride.


PS - I also purchased this in black for my step daughter and daughter in law, who were in my wedding.  They loved them and received compliments as well, and these dresses can be used again for other occasions, which is a bonus ! So here's pictures of all of us.


Purchased for a business black tie gala and it was perfect! Just the right amount of sexy! It was a bit long, a couple of times I stepped on the dress but crazy thing is I wouldn't have wanted it shorter. I'm 5'3 216lbs and I purchased a size 1X.


