I am 5'8 and 175 pounds, and was worried I would look like a whale in this. After reading other successful reviews, I took a leap and was not disappointed! This gown fit like a dream and made me look so sexy. The peplum detail hid my stomach pouch, and the fabric quality was excellent with a little stretch. The dress is made out of garbadine, for those interested. I'm definitely buying this gown in some of the other colors available!


I bought this in hopes the peplum would help hide my 'spare tire' and let me tell you this fits me like a glove.  It makes my curves show in all the right places and hides my midsection perfectly.  I can now wear this to a "007" event and feel just as sexy as a Bond girl!  I'm 5'6" and weigh somewhere around 180ish.  This dress is great - try it!!


I try to write reviews on most purchases I make on Amazon and I am more than happy to leave feedback for this dress. I am very curvy... size 14... 34DDD. This dress is one of the most flattering I have ever put on. Super super comfy and stretchy. I added a sparkly thin belt which just added to the flattering shape of the dress. I’m considering buying this in red also as it is a classic design that never goes out of style. One thing I would mention to consider... the dress is extremely low cut and the back drops low. I never felt like I was going to fall out or was not covered but you do need a backless bra. If you are conservative or self conscious then this is not the dress for you. Very very sexy!


I'm a 40/32/42. I got a large. It was a bit tricky to get on,  but looked great once I did (with some mild shapewear). It is a thicker, stretchy, ribbed material. It doesn't show a lot of cleavage, which is perfect for the professional gala for which I purchased it.  Overall, I would definitely buy it again, especially for this price.


I was hesitant to purchase this dress without being able to try it on, but free returns convinced me to purchase. I wear a size 12 and I purchased a size XL. It fit a little snug but not bad. I was still able to wear it and received many compliments. I added a belt to dress it up a bit. The arm sleeves were a little loose and kept falling, so I pinned it to my bra to make sure it stayed up, but I do have smaller arms. Other than that it was a good buy.


Ok I was leary but this dress is great! I’m 5’7”, 127 lb and the medium fit great in length (with 3” heels on) as well as through the body. It’s form-fitting and sexy and the peplum is perfect for my 6 week post partum belly. My only issue is that the arms don’t stay up but I do have thin arms so I’m planning on just using body tape. Super sexy yet sophisticated dress for a wedding or black tie event.


Amazing!!!!! Purchased the large and it fit me perfectly. I'm 5'8, 160lbs, 36D. The length was great for my 4" heels. The fabric was nice and thick so it hides any bumps quietly nicely (buts it didn't feel too hot so no worries about it being too thick). Got soooo many compliments on this dress. And the price is the real star here. Wish I had gotten better pics though.


The main dealbreaker for this was that it was very tight.  Order a size larger, definitely.


The fabric is somewhat textured, thin lines in the black, so it's not thin, but also not what I expected.  Lastly, it is very static-y.  It wasn't flattering, my arms could barely fit in the sleeves, and the sleeves were smaller than in the photo and the peplum ruffle is shorter.  It doesn't cover the lower belly like it looks like.


I LOVE this dress! Ordered it on Thursday,  arrived Saturday afternoon.  I was slightly nervous after reading reviews but this dress is amazing! I'm 5'3" and 130lbs and I ordered a size medium. It fit perfectly!! So many compliments and it's a timeless dress. I HIGHLY recommend this dress.


For the price, great dress.  Dress is made of a medium weight spandex material, and is unlined. The zipper is a little fragile & tempermental, and many seams and threads needed to be trimmed - but - after a few snips & some help from my garment steamer (it arrived VERY wrinkled), it was ready to go and looked great.  I am 5'5, 135lbs, ordered a size large (my measurements are 36/29/37, usually wear a size 4/6) and the dress fit well. The bust area was slightly looser in fit vs the rest of the dress (and I am a DD cup). The dress is very forgiving, and creates an hourglass shape (which I do not naturally have). Definitely a keeper...though the quality is what you'd expect for a dress in this price range...so it may not last very long.  If you're undecided, the dress is definitely worth a try...order it!


