LOVE this dress! Bought for a Barristers' Ball and can't wait to wear it. The only thing that's a potential problem us that it's bigger on top than I am. I ordered an XS and I'm a 34A, so I ordered a padded strapless bra to try to fix the problem. Would probably be best for someone who is at least a b-cup. Otherwise everything fits perfectly and the material is good quality!


Dress was great! Got tons of compliments all night... the sleeves fold/roll but otherwise perfect dress. 5' 5" 150 36DD got a large fit perfect, tight where it needed to be, length was great (wore with high strappy wedges).


It is a form fitting dress but it fit very well and was very flattering. The fabric (meh) is a little cheap and I wish that was better quality.


This is a great, inexpensive, alternative for an evening dress.  I love the way this dress fits.  It's very flattering and covers any bumps.  The material is not glamorous but it is thick and nice looking.  You can dress it up with jewelry and/or a belt.  This was a great buy.


I ordered this dress for a wedding and got a lot of compliments! I'm 150lbs and 5'1 and the Large for perfectly just a little long. I had to hem it 2 inches. The thing that I love was the thick and stretchy material


this runs SNUG! i understand that it's supposed to be fitted, but it's snug, snug, snug. it is, however, flattering and the peplum covers the belly.


Love this dress. Wore it as a bridesmaid dress and it was perfect. The material is quite thick which is good for the white. It was the perfect length. Im a 40DD, 5'1, and thick at the bottom as well. It was just a tiny bit tight around the arms but not bad. I was able to wear it all day and dance in it all night.


Wow this dress is gorgeous. Bought it as an elopement dress and my groom was speechless. The top fits a little loose but some fashion tape quickly fixed that problem. I bought this dress last minute after not being happy with the original dress I bought. If I had more time I would've returned it for a small but other than that I couldn't expect more. The price point makes this a steal.


This dress fit like a glove.  I ordered the small.  I'm 5'6 about 135lbs.  I usually wear a size 2-4.  I would order this again in a different color.


This dress was a huge hit!! Wore it to a Mardi Gras Ball, and got a ton of compliments. The only complaint I have is that the top was a little big, and kept coming down. I tried “booby tape” and duct tape to keep it in place, but nothing seemed to stick to the material. All in all this dress was fabulous. Very comfortable, and forgiving. Did not have to wear spanx or any other shapewear! It has a little stretch which is always nice! Highly recommend this dress for formal event!


