I don't normally wear form-fitting clothes, but this fit is FANTASTIC. The cut and fabric make your body look amazing. I purchased a large for 5'6" and 165 lbs.


Very small fit, had to return and I reordered a even larger size.


I loved this dress but like many other reviewers have said, the sleeves are too big and cannot stay up.  It fit perfectly everywhere else but the top would need some heavy hemming to work.


Dress fit larger than expected and the zipper in the back made it uncomfortable, (there was a plastic piece sticking out). Also, I found the same dress for $16 less and seller did not agree to match the price so i will return and order a size smaller from other seller (hopefully without this defect)


Beautiful dress for the price. It did run a bit big on me. I'm 5'5'' and 135lbs and I ordered a medium. Other than that, the dress was gorgeous and the material was decent.


I absolutely love love love this dress. I cannot wait to wear it this august for my nephews wedding.  Well worth the Penny. And your not paying much at all for a beautiful, sheik, and sexy dress.  I did have to take in the sleeves.  Kinda big there. I am 5'6 and 120 lbs and I got the small and it's nice and snug everywhere else.


Material requires very little maintainence and the sizing chart is excellent. The dress for really nice. Good length of you are tall.


Cute dress just fit a bit tight I normally wear medium to large purchased a large it was tight around bottom and tummy area.


I wanted to like this dress, the way one wants to like going to the gym, but that just wasn't in the stars. Admittedly, as a 5'8" size 14 bottom-heavy hourglass, I am not built for a peplum, at least not the kind that starts under your boobs and hides the only part of your midsection that whittles, rendering you more a can of Bud Light than an hourglass. I hadn't tried on one since the 80s when they were all the rage, but apparently a flouncy life raft is still not flattering.


The style of the dress is Pretty Woman, but the fabric is Trailer Park Boys. Mad props to the women who wore these to black tie affairs, they must be of the ilk that they'd look good in a hefty bag. I am not that lucky. So it dropped significant points for being royal blue polyester ponte knit. Well it was less than 40 bucks say you...yeah yeah, I get it. But who shops at Forever21 for a formal gown? Essentially, that's the main problem of the dress. The quality matches the price, but the style only dares to hint at something more elegant. Why? It's like putting lipgloss on your bulldog. Just find a better quality formal dress at an off-price chain that's on clearance.


So why not less stars? I think this would be a great dress for a different body type, like someone built more like a cylindrical tank who needs to build curves rather than accentuate them, or maybe someone who has a menopausal roll of underboob fat (mine is still in its baby stages) who has massive amounts of statement jewelry they like to wear that may distract people from the dress quality.


In all seriousness, it sucked me in (the XXL is about a 12/14 at best) better than my $40 spanx, so I had to throw it some stars, but honestly, I wouldn't wear it out of the house let alone to the wedding I bought it for.


somewhat large on my chest area but i manage to adjust a little bit,otherwise still cute dress i wore on my birthday.


