I received a lot of compliments on this dress. I did need to get it altered, so that the sleeves wouldn't fall down. I'm assuming this same alternation would be needed for most with normal to smaller sized upper arms. I loved the stretchy material, and the dress held up well.


I purchased this dress for my holiday party. I decided since my party was at the casino it would be perfect. Once I arrived there I decided to wear my daughters knee length dress that I bought as a backup. I got home and had this beauty in my closet. It was so inexpensive i decided to keep it. Man, I'm glad I did. My daughter at the last minute decided to go to the winter formal. My daughter is only 14 but looked so elegant and beautiful. She got compliments all night because she really stood out from the normal teen formal wear. It was a great memory and I can't give this dress enough stars!! I would recommend it to anyone on the fence. It's a perfect black dress for your closet... You really never know


I absolutely love the way this dress fits. I'm about 5'1, 148lbs, 36 DD and have a good sized back side. I will have to get the bottom hemmed even though I can just wear really tall heels and it still be okay I'd like to not trip on the dress so I'm going to have it done. It can totally be worn without doing so with heels but I'd like to play it on the safe side.Such a comfy dress and the fabric is stretchy which is nice because you don't feel like a sausage! It looks like a very elegant dress. I'll be wearing it to my husband work Gala. Definitely worth it for the money! I'd highly recommend it to woman that have curves. It accentuates both your front and back end.


I'm 5'2 and about 115lbs. ordered a small and it fit AMAZING, got compliments the whole night. the top was a little loose but the rest was so snug that it held things up. if you don't like tight fitting dresses you may want to order a size up


Gorgeous dress! Great fit, was fitted but great stretch!! I absolutely recommend it, made me feel beautiful and got compliments all night!


Would definite recommend and even buy in another color!


Thick dull stretch pant material. Very cheaply made.  Flaws in seam finishes and entire dress has no lining.  Top bodice area has no built in side support or lining and even in size 2 top portion is large and gaps open when shoulders are not in thrown back model pose.  The off the shoulder stance looks good but but who wants to wear a dress that limits movement of arms to one position?  While the bottom half is form fitting and figure hugging it is very long with 3 inch heels and I am 5'4".  Not worth keeping and will return.  Also keep all original packaging and outer mailers.  Disclaimer on package says no refund if not returned in same bags.  FYI.


Wore this for a Marine Corps Ball and I was so pleasantly surprised! It is a very classy dress and it fit my body to a tee! It hugged all of my curves and the peplum touch made me feel comfortable eating throughout the night and hid my little food belly ;) I received multiple compliments and the price was the best part. The fabric is nothing special, but since it is black you don't really notice. So happy with this purchase and I definitely recommend it! I ordered a small and I am 5'8" and about 145 pounds. The length was perfect for my height so if you are shorter, you may need to get it hemmed.


too tight in all the wrong places.  I felt like a hooker in this dress.  cheap material.  I did not feel classy.


I was pleasantly surprised with this dress.  I'm 5'8", 134 lbs, 34-26-38, A/B cup, thin/athletic build. I ordered the small in the navy blue and it fit perfectly. The length was just right with heels.  The fabric is nicer than I expected for a dress in this price range (not too thick or thin, not see-through, very forgiving).


The dress fit fine except for the sleeves. They weren't tight on the off shoulder and looked saggy on me. I am 5'2 and weigh about 125 pounds, I ordered a size small if that helps anyone. The dress is very long but I'm short so I was going to get it hemmed anyways. And the chest area was also big so if you're anything under a B there will likely be extra room.


