So, when I ordered this dress I used the wrong size chart and got a small when I should have ordered a medium. With that being said, the dress wasn't so small that it was uncomfortable, or needed to be exchanged. The material is a rayon/polyester/spandex blend, so it is very stretchy, but also very clingy. The green dress looks very nice and I like the ruching along midsection. Overall, this would be an appropriate dress to wear to the office, an evening out with friends, or a date with hubby.


Love this dress!  I wore it to a wedding and got tons of compliments.  I love the material and it fit just right!


Purchased the small,  I typically wear a small/x-small. It almost fit, a little too loose in the belly area, but I'm a thin person. Although it looked like it would have been easy to have taken in a bit by a tailor/seamstress. It was pretty comfortable, fabric was decently thick. Would be great at a fall/winter wedding.


I wear an 8 (US) in dresses and the medium fits perfectly.  I am 5'6'' and it hits perfectly the knee.  This is my second Miusol dress I have purchased, and have not been disappointed.  The material is a polyester/rayon mix, like ponte material.  Even though it is not an expensive dress, it is made like one.  The only thing I did after opening package was add a hook and eye closure at the top of the zipper, ironed the ruffle down, and I was good to go!


I got soooo many complements on this dress. Everyone loves it. I wore it to work for a special event and it was a hit. I minus one star because it rides up a few inches when I walk and I prefer my dresses at knee length but for the price it really is not too big a  deal. Otherwise it is gorgeous, fits well and a lovely colour. Great buy.


Zipper is just in the bust area. You have to pull on over your head. I am 5'6. I wear 36 D. My measurements are bust: 44 smallest part of waist: 37 wide hips including butt: 47. I bought XL and it technically "Fit" but it was so tight and hard to breathe in I decided to return to get a bigger size. Great dress. Good fabric. It has stretch but I'd rather be safe and go up a size.


I ordered a size XL based on reviews... I normally wear 8/10 jeans, UK bra size 32E, ~30in waist. I probably could have done with a large, but it is nice to have it fit nicely without being constricting. It is only just barely too large, but the material has a nice thickness and the stitching at the seams seems secure.


This dress was really cute and surprisingly, very good quality.  Unfortunately, it was just too big on me and I had to return it (the ruched waist didn't look right.) I am normally a size 0 to size 2 and took a chance on this dress, but it was just too big.  If you are a size 4 or above, I think it would be great.  I really wanted to keep this dress because the quality was much better than expected.


This dress makes me look GOOD!  I currently have a bit of extra fat around my stomach, but you can't tell in this dress.  It's machine washable, comfy, yet business appropriate.  My suit jackets and sweaters fit over it with no problem.  I believe that I'll be able to wear this dress through the fall, into the winter (with tights), and then again through the sprint and summer.


The dress was nice, material was good for the price. My girlfriend is 5 feet 4 inches tall and weighs 135lbs, She normally wears a small but I  had to purchased a medium and it fits perfectly. My draw back to the dress is that it doesn't carry zipper at the back which made it difficult to put on. The dress will have to be fitted before she  do her hair and make up.


