This dress was VERY flattering.  I am a size 14 in dresses, and I would have ordered a large, but I ordered a XL due to the reviews that it runs small, and it fit perfect, but with limited moving room, which still would have been great if it did not keep rising, and causing me to keep pulling it down.  The material is somewhat thick, which really helped to give you a smooth look, but I still wore a shaper underneath to smooth out lumps and bumps.  I could have ordered a XXL, and it probably would have given me a little more room to move, but the stomach part has a awkward looseness and it might have been a bit to loose in the front.  I don't usually wear form fitting dresses like this, but it was worth it.  I felt very elegant and like a million bucks in this dress!  You may have to size up to get a perfect fit or go two sizes up to get a comfortable fit, but take a chance of having the middle section be too loose.  I would have given it 5 stars if it would have stayed down.  Overall, I LOVE THIS DRESS and woukd purchase again in another color!


I love it & plan to buy it in other colors as soon as I have money. It's great at hiding that dreaded tummy pooch. The back does fit me weirdly as it's slightly too broad so there is a gap. I wear a 34C so normal back size? I just wear a cardigan with the dress. My office is freezing so this strategy works well.


This dress is very pretty and flattering. For the extremely low price and free returns I figured I would give this dress a shot. I was pleasantly surprised. It fits amazing and the extra material by the stomach flatters any slight imperfections. I haven't worn it yet but I think I will wear it to a wedding and dress it up with fancy jewelry. There was no way I was going to return it at the price I paid. I'll just keep it in my closet because I know I will be able to wear it somewhere.


Great Dress.. you do have to pay attention to the size chart. Loved it!!! I'm 5'10 and the length was good!


When I first ordered this dress, the delivery service lost it, and I was very disappointed.  I was not going to reorder it, because I thought it might happen again.  However, Amazon and  Miusol were so kind and helpful, I decided to reordered the dress.  I received it today and I absolutely love it!  In case anyone is wondering about sizing,  I am 5’2” , 125 lbs,  therefore, I ordered a size small.  It fits perfectly.  Thank you Miusol and Amazon!


I spend a lot of money at LOFT, so I was really sceptical about buying a dress online. But I read all those reviews and knew there was a deal to be had, if I was willing to give it a try. This is a lovely dress - I liked it so much I have since bought 3 more! Its a quality fabric, it is well cut and the colors, especially the purple and red are really pretty. The only downside is the cut around the armpit, I think just a tiny adjustment is necessary (use a bit more fabric where the sleeve attaches to the bodice) to help cover the armpit area completely. But the value on these dresses is superb. This dress offers comparable cut and quality with some LOFT dresses I own.  They do fit small, but not massively so. Find the correct size for you and then go for it, the sizes are consistent in this brand.


Love everything about this dress! The material is thick enough and has the right amount of stretch, to hide imperfections without needing spanx or panty hose. I bought a medium and I'm 5' 4" and 145 lbs. Very sexy. Highly recommend!!


I am really loving this dress. It makes my figure look like an hourglass, and at 41 - 35 - 40, 5'7", 163 pounds, I tend to be straight up and down with little to no waist indentation.  Not with this dress. It's comfortable and does not look cheap or garish, I ordered it in red. Once again, reasonable price for a good looking dress.


Returned it. Color was as described and I ordered a Large. While it fit comfortable I just didn't like the way the sleeves ended up looking on me, and I returned it because of that. I either have to love it or return it. Regardless, I've ordered from this seller multiple times because their brand is true to size, they have good prices and it's stylish. Will buy from this seller again, just didn't like the dress.


This is a FABULOUS dress for any price, much less for a cheap price.  I tried it on and my husband said WOW!  I'm 38 - 31- 39 160 lbs 5'8" tall  and the XL fit perfectly.  This dress keeps its shape with just the right amount of shape.  I looked 10 pounds lighter.  I've had very poor luck with buying dresses online and this is the big exception.  Don't think about it -- buy it now!


