The dress is nice quality (especially for the price!) and I love the length. I'm 5'8" and it falls just below my knees; it is hard to find dresses that modest these days! I wear 30" waist and a 34C, ordered a M in navy and it fits as expected. I am not giving it a full 5 stars bc while I was in love with all the photos posted, I must say it's not quite as much of a "wow" for a girl with a flat butt :/ Ah well, it's still cute!


The picture shows how perfect this dress fits your entire body. This is entirely untrue. The waist is much too large but the rest of the dress fits alright. If you're set on buying this dress, I would get a size smaller than what you are.


I have to say this dress is beautiful, well-made, and just as pictured. The color and fabric are rich and the dress is true to size. I am only returning it for a smaller size because I did not order the correct one and the ruching in the middle bunches more than I'd like, but that can be very forgiving.


Firstly, I got so many compliments in this dress! The color is amazing and the fit is great. The only complaint I have is that it's not meant for people who do a lot of presentations. I'm 5'5" and the dress rides up while I'm lecturing my students, so I find myself constantly pulling it down.


I returned this item. The pictures that were posted does it A LOT of justice, thats not quite rightfully earned. The material is very cheap and visibly looks off. I also followed the advice of previous reviews and ordered a size up, but it ended up going down to my mid-shin and the shoulders popped up and out like I was wearing armor. I am 5'5.5" and 149 pounds.


Looks nice, purchased for Business Casual Office Party. Dress covers my kness. Orderd XL, Good fit. I am 182, 5'6 with an hour glass figure. I have a little space, it is comfortable.  The material is for cooler weather, or under really cold air conditioner.


FYI... the dress does not have a lining, but could be worn without a slip.


This dress I amazing! I am a mom of three and I feel so sexy and confident when I put this dress on, quality of dressnis good. It for like a glove!  I can't wait for my Valentine's Day dinner out with my hubby he is going to love it !!


Not the best fabric, but appropriate for the price.  It will def have to be dry cleaned, otherwise I believe the color would fade and the fabric would break down. However it's stylish, very appropriate for work (just because you're a female physician, doesn't mean you can't look chic and sexy without any skin showing - just my humble opinion!).  Overall, I think it is a flattering dress thats easy to wear.


I am 5'0, size 128-130, ordered Small, fits perfectly.  I would recommend to other professionals on the go.


What a beautiful dress! It has a stretchy, thick and sturdy feeling fabric. I'm 5'4 and about 130lbs, I purchased a Small and it fit perfectly!


I was hesitant buying this dress, as I usually never by clothes online, and never from Amazon.


But for $8 and with a gift card, I thought Why not?


I ordered it on the 8th, and three days later it showed up. Super fast delivery, which was impressive, since it said it would arrive between the 12th-17th.


I'm also five months pregnant, so I wanted a material that would be able to stretch over my bump. This dress worked perfectly.


The material is super comfortable, and stretchy enough to fit over my bump without looking ridiculous. And the color is even better in person. Almost like a deep blackberry color.


Would definitely recommend this to others


