I ordered this dress in a xi, it was the most comfortable dress I ever wore,  sorry dt have a picture to show, but I will definitely be ordering this in other colors, the fit was perfect and also the length, I'm 5'2 190 pounds, ordered a xl


Too much drapery at the stomach area, too saggy there. Looks very strange if you are skinny. If you have a bigger stomach maybe it will be better.


Super cute dress! I bought it for. Work event. It gathers in the center so hid my mom belly just right LOL. I definitely recommend.


Wore this to my cousins wedding and it was a hit. I kept Getting compliments all night. I even Decided to wear it again to a captains dinner i went On for our yearly cruise. For the price this is a steal! Material is great and it compliments the yummy area!


Wow what a beautiful!! dress I wore this dress to my aunt's funeral and I had so many compliments. the material is a thick spandex it comes just like the picture.. it looks like a expensive dress this dress is worth every penny I spent.


I was very impressed with this dress! The fit was great, loved the color, and it especially hid all the right areas. It's the # perfect to wear semi-casual or dress up; at a perfect $$ too :)


I loved my black one so much I decided to get another color.  The dress is perfect for office wear.  Professional with or without blazer.  I'm 5'3 199lbs I ordered a Xl.  Fits to my knees


Based on the reviews and the price I purchased it but once I tried it on I immediately returned it. It doesn't compliment my figure. I am 5'10" 144 lbs and got a large and it was a bit big in the waist area but it fit well otherwise. Overall disappointed.


I usually wear M and I accidentally ordered a S and it fit perfectly! The quality is amazing and the is beautiful. I highly recommend it.


I got a large. Thank goodness I did.  Definitely form fitting and stretchy.  I tend to NOT like tight clothes.  I think if I would've gotten it in an XL it would've been to large in the bust.  Darn my big butt and curvy hips.


