This dress is cute.  It does look similar to the picture.  However, the fringes on the are of semi-cheap quality.. I wear a size 12/14 in dresses and ordered the XL.  It was snug.  I suggest to order a size up if possible.


Great dress...unreal value for price. I got the red in medium. I'm 5'6 and 148 lb's.  Fit well, got tons of compliments.  Sexy, but still a classic sophisticated look. Can't go wrong.


it gives the effect of big shoulders. The fitting if wrong on that aspect. I have small shoulders so the short sleeves don’t even lay on me right. 120 pounds, ordered a small. I’m really disappointed. I was looking forward to receiving this for weeks! It took way longer than expected date! I would love a refund at this point. I’ve deleted all clothing items from my saved items list because numerous times, I’ve had a problem with fitting and the look.


I wear this with a cardigan in the office - I'm a size 16, and am definitely someone who sticks to less form fitting clothes, but this is the one dress I enjoy that is slightly form fitting. It's a very soft and stretchy fabric so it feels great.


It was a really pretty dress! All of the other Miusol dresses the small was perfect but this one wouldn't even go down past my chest. I would definitely go up a size, im usually a size 2/4


Very nice material, it's heavy and comfortable. It fits perfectly. I will definately order more stuff from this maker.


Very well made for the money.  Nice thick ponte that holds its shape.  Very nice cut that gives me a more balanced shape than I actually have!  I am pear-shaped and the cute sleeves really balance out the hips.  My boyfriend gives it a rave review ;). I would like it in more colors.  A definite fashion Do.


I love this dress ! It fits really well! It's a nice thick material. I'm 5'8 1/2 230lbs, my bra size is 34DD and the Large fits like a glove and shows off all of my curves! If you want a more modest fit, you could get the XL But I'm fine with the L.


Fits alright. A little more form fitting than I expected, the shoulders are really interesting and don't sit flat. Almost reminds me of a 1980s prom dress haha. However I think this dress will be just fine with my jacket for an interview.


Bought this dress the first time in purple for work. I'm usually a sz 2 or small,  5'6 tall. This dress fit just perfectly! Everybody thought it was from a fancy designer. My girls loved it so much that one asked me to buy two for her, in blue and purple. Then another friend asked me where I bought it so I gave her the link. She bought one in black and may be buying another one again in navy blue. Or the other way around. She also got the same complements I got!


