the dress is beautiful but it runs like a size bigger but not uncomfortable at all. despite, it looks very elegant and the fabric stretches out a lot. I bought xl Bust:44.5 in/  Waist : 38in hip: 45 in


I knew from the reviews that it was fittest but it was a little too fitted for me. The material is ok, a tight weave so pretty structured. The price is low so I would have kept if it had looked better on me.


More than 2 sizes too small... the picture shows what I expected: a grape/purple dress. The material is of extremely poor quality, like material you would see used for sweatpants. The color I got was more like a burnt red, a reddish brownish maroon and nowhere near purple, as adveritsed.


very classy and different. I ordered a size medium because I am 5'0 135 lbs. Miusol products have yet to disappointment me. This is my third dress from them and they are all very good quality even after they are washed.


I absolutely love this dress!!! It fits great and is very comfortable. I'm 5'7 and 170lbs and the large fit perfectly. I've wore it to a wedding yester and have gotten so many compliments!!! The shipping was fast. It's such a great dress!!!


Such a pretty dress but the size chart is way off. Go up two sizes to make sure it fits.  I am returning my first one and getting another size.


I ordered a large to be on the safe side! Glad I did, perfect fit.  Sooooooo pretty & nice fabric, has just enough give.  Very pleased!


The material of this dress was great and the color was great. I absolutely love the length. I'm 5'9" and the hem hit just below the knee. The cap sleeve was perfect and the detail on the side was beautiful.


Love it! I ordered the Navy one. Great material. Stretches nicely to hit all the curves. Material is thick enough so that even though it hugs the curves, it still looks professional enough for work or church. Hits right at the knee, like a nice pencil skirt does. I wear size 14 and got an XL in this.


Dress arrived on time and fits very good! I'm 107lbs and 5'4" and ordered a small. I have a small chest so the area was a bit loose. Over very happy with the product.


