The dress is very very foem fitting and compliments your shape if you order your correct size. The navy colored dress I ordered is the bomb, I can wear it to work or an evening out with the ladies. The material is soft and the price was right. I will be buying from this designer again.


In LOVE with this dress!  I originally bought an XL but it was just a tad too big. I arranged an exchange with the seller (which they made easy) for a Large instead. The large fit perfect and the rouching hid any problem stomach areas I was worried about. Very flattering dress. I'm 5'2, 165lbs with a 38DDD bust if that helps anyone with ordering.


This red retro ruffle dress fit me well (small) (5'10 and 145 lbs with curvy top). I will exchange it for a medium just because I don't like dresses quite so tight. Otherwise, this dress was awesome. Get it!


Nice formal dress. I'm 5'7, 140lbs, 34D, 31/32 waist. I ordered a Medium. It was very loose in the stomach are. A small would've been perfect. I just pinned it back and wore a Shaw.


This is a great dress for work or a night out. I bought the dress in black and purple (which is actually more of a dark pinkish/redish color) and love both of them. The material is comfortable and seems fairly durable. Size M fits perfectly (5'7", 145 lbs).


This dress is very pretty. For the price I didn't expect much however, this brand has exceeded my expectations. It fits perfectly and the craftsmanship is high quality. Already have other styles from the brand in my cart.


It was a bit smaller than I thought it would be, but I purchased two sizes so it worked out. The fabric does not feel amazing but the dress is well sewn. I needed a slip under the dress because the fabric was not thick enough to to conceal undergarment outlines.


The red ruffle sleeve is beautiful but it did not look good on me.  5” 2 135 it was too long and bunched up in the stomach area.  I ordered a medium.  Think it would look better on someone 5”6 or taller.


I love it! I purchased it for a wedding and received numerous compliments. It was both comfortable and flattering.


Love this dress! Based on reviews that it runs large, I sized down and it fits perfectly. I'm usually a 6-8, and the small is awesome on me. It's also really slimming which I didn't expect, and it is very well made. Recommended :)


