This is a perfect dress for wedding season. Good material! If curvy wear spanks!


I bought a size up based on reviews I read. I wear a size 6/8 dress. I bought a large. Once it is on, it is fine and fits like the photo but getting into the dress is a little awkward. I think I am put off by the shake and shimmy I had to do to get in it and then again to get out. The color pops though. It is pretty. Make sure to size up.


I LOVE THIS DRESS!!!! I love the style of this dress and the way it fits on my body. The material feels wonderful and it has a nice stretch. I bought three of these, Wine, Navy and Black.The color of the dress is as shown in the photo. I'm 5"7 with a 28 inch waist and 36-D bust. I bought a medium and it fits perfectly!! I wish they offered more colors like Charcoal, Red, and Brown. I would buy those too.


This is the second dress I've purchased from Amazon and I'm very pleased! Material was great and looks exactly like the picture, which is extremely important to me. For the price, you can't beat it! I will purchase again! Also, for you tall ladies out there, I'm 5'10" and it still fit nicely


It was a little too tight than what I'm use too. I wish I bought a size up.  The dress definitely hugs your body so if there's an area or two that you don't want bulging out, probably not the best dress to wear. There's a few times I looked at my side in mirror and was questioning if I was pregnant! Guess I need to start exercise it.  Overall, the quality is good and thick.


This dress fit perfectly except in the stomach area where the weird rouching is.  The dress is the perfect shade of blue and I purchase it to wear to a Dallas Cowboys themed birthday party.  I am sure that once I put it on and get it all together it would be just perfect.  I probably should have purchased a medium instead of a large.  Other than that, its beautiful on and I feel beautiful in it and do recommend.


I purchased this dress for our company Christmas party and it was a instant hit. I wasn't expecting it to be a very sexy dress but it was.  The red was really pretty and it fit nicely, just a little loose around the waist where the rousing is, I had to kind of tuck fabric in the creasing for it to lay nicely.  I loved the cut of the sleeves and the dress itself gives you an hour glass shape even if you don't have one. Ha!  I'm 5'4 1/2 and wear a size 10.  I will definitely buy this in another color.


very pleased with the look of this dress. very chic and versatile! highly recommend for business or black attire events


I really like this dress, but the size was too small. The size chart said dress size 4-6 get a small. So I ordered a small and it was way too tight. I normally wear 4 or sometimes 6 dress size. I am going to order a Medium and hope it fits better. I loved the material of this dress and the style.


This is a great dress for the price.  It came in a timely manner.  Material is great for the office and all year around weather.  The way its cut if accentuates your shape.  The quality is not top notch but I would recommend for a quick find when needing a professional dress for a wedding or funeral or interview. I got the black but I would purchase other colors as well.  The louder colors look less expensive in my opinion.  I believe you can see the quality of workmanship on these fabric colors.  I would recommend this dress and this seller.  Its great.


