I never expected this dress to work but decided to try it and ordered it before a wedding. It is sooo good. It is such a flattering dress. I am 5'10 and 160 pounds. It hid my imperfections and was very slimming. I love this dress. I got lots of compliments on it. It doesn't look cheap at all. I wish I had another occasion to wear it again!


if you are questioning this dress,  do yourself a favor and order it! I'd say it's very true to size.  I'm 5'5" 130ish lbs and ordered a small, its perfect! Very flattering and hugs all my curved and has just enough gathering to hide my belly from 5 kids. I will be ordering in other colors!


Really like the dress for the price. Material is great quality and the cut is flattering for girls w curves!


I'm 5"10 and 175lbs and the X-LRG fits perfectly. Do see what some reviews mentioned about the dress riding up and do find myself adjusting it often so it's sitting right but that's the price you pay for fashion I guess!


Amazing dress!  I am a size 4, 34C, typically wear small everything but went with a medium based on reviews and it was perfect for business.  Not too tight but not baggy or loose at all.  I got SO many compliments all day from coworkers, it is an amazing dress!


This dress is so pretty. It fits so nicely on my body! I am always skeptical about the material, but this dress feels so nice! If cared for properly, this dress will last a long time. The color is very accurate to the pictures. I am more than impressed. I would recommend this to a friend.


Great dress for the price! I am 5'5 and 135 lbs. I usually wear a small, sometimes a medium. I bought a small in this dress and it fits great. Not too tight at all. Great length and I love it because you can wear a normal bra. I don't have on spanx in these pictures, so it will look even smoother when I actually wear it. LOVE the dress! Very professional but sexy ;-)


I love the dress I’m 5’5 plus size and I got an xl fit like a glove


Love this dress! The length is just below the knee, and hugs all the right places. The frilly sleeves are very feminine and a nice touch. With the right jewelry, can look very elegant.


Nice dress fits beautifully however just note the ruffles on the arms are very large so the top looks a little bit star-trekish. Other than that, the material is great, the color is perfect and the color was spot on.


Beautiful dress! I wore it to a rehearsal dinner and it was perfect. Very flattering and comfortable.It fits true to size. I am a medium in pretty much everything and it fit great!


