It fits so well and is so comfortable! It looks like an expensive dress! :) But it is a great price! :D


Absolutely beautiful dress!! I ordered the dark blue in medium (I'm 5ft 9-10, about 120-125lbs) & it fits like a glove! I wasn't expecting the material, the fit or the colour to be as good quality as it is for the price, so I was pleasantly surprised. I would definitely buy it again.


Amazon dress for the win!  This dress fits me perfect!  I'm about 5'7 and about 110lbs.  There's plenty of room for stretch in it on my small frame but still fit me quite nicely.  It came just below the knee which is what I wanted.  I wore it to a funeral and a work banquet and it was very appropraite for both.  It has a nice heavy material that is forgiving and comfortably stretchy.  The color is vibrant and just as pictured - I got navy.  Very classy dress, I was quite pleased!


Looks just like the picture says. I am a petite 5' 3" 140 lbs and I normally wear size M or size 10. This dress fit me almost perfectly. I would have liked a little wiggle by my butt room but it does fit as it says in the product description. Nice colour. Very flattering shape.


I love the dress and received a lot of compliments.  I normally wear a large and felt it was a little on the tight side so I sized up to XL and it fit nicely.


I haven't wear it but i can't wait to do so because it looks classy, i'm 5"0 and 120 pounds and the small fit perfectly, I was afraid it might be too small, but glad I picked small fit comfortable not to tight. it also covers my knees since i'm short but i like my dresses under my knees anyway that was a plus for me. love love it. I might order the blue since i love the black. It look chick and sophisticated. The red looks exactly as the picture just in case someone is wondering


Pretty color and material, but the fit was incredibly weird in the hips. Not the back, mind you. It hugged my butt perfectly, as well as my upper half. But the sides, my hips-upper thighs, it created these weird bunches of fabric. I almost returned it, but in a stroke of genius I fastened a belt around my natural waist. It pulled the dress a bit more snug around my hips which did the trick - no more weird fabric bunches! If I could have ordered XS, I think I'd have given that a chance, but all that was available was Small. I'm 5'4, 125lbs, 32a-25-34 if that helps.


I absolutely love this dress. I bought it for work. It is made of good and comfortable material. Not only was I comfortable all day long, but I received many compliments on this dress. It fit my curves very nicely. I am 5'3" and weigh about 165 lbs. I usually wear a size 12/14 in dresses and pants. I went with a size Large and it fit perfect. I will absolutely being buying from this company again.


This is a great dress!  Super cute on and the gathering at the waist is really flattering.  I wore it to a wedding and it was really comfortable - the fabric has a decent amount of stretch to it.  As far as sizing - I would normally wear a size 6, which would be a small according to the chart.  I bought the small and medium just in case.  They both fit, but the medium was just a little more comfortable for me - so I would say they are true to size.


Definitely worth buying - I recommend it!


If you are one of those types who is fortunate to carry weight in hips, and not in the belly, this is a fantastic dress. It looks positively awful on me so I gave it to a friend of mine here has a little waist and large hips and it looks phenomenal on her. It really is all in the draping with this dress so be forewarned:-)


