This dress is a find for any full-figured girl. Just order 2 sizes up and it's perfect. Slims your mid section and covers the cleavage, yet still looks feminine - with ruffles on sleeves and side of skirt. Fabric is very soft, not itchy. I haven't tried to wash, so can't comment on that.


This was really nice on but still snug even after ordering a 2X and I wear a 1X. Make sure you wear coverage under...it shows all of your curves. But I will definitely order another in a different color.


This is an unreasonably gorgeous dress.  I got told I looked like a model, and I'm pretty much the opposite of tall and slim.  I felt beautiful and confident.  Very flattering, good material, washes well and keeps its shape.  Versatile looks with different accessories.


This was smaller than I expected. I am 5'3" and the small was snug. However, I didn't want to spend the time returning it. I wore it to a business dinner at a high end restaurant and received compliments on it. Still a good buy I think.


bought this in a 2x, fit a bit tight but I absolutely loved this dress.


In case you are looking for the size confirmation, I am size 6 in US and 5'7 tall.  I ordered a large and it fits perfectly like the picture shown.  The length is just above my knees.  The material is solid and not too heavy.  I wore it to a family brunch for the New Year and received many compliments.


Please do yourself a favor and buy this lovely dress. It fits beautifully. The ruffles are so pretty. Looking to purchase another dress from this seller. I bought a medium in black. I am 5 foot 7 inches tall and weigh 137 pounds. I am a mom and have a small baby pouch and this dress slims me right down.


This dress is beautifully designed and the red color is radiant. BUT I am fairly petite, but curvy. Medium bust and large hips, but small waist. Normally, this all balances out when I order size small. However, for this dress, the waist was WAY too big. I will either have to have it taken in 3-4 inches, or return it. =( Super disappointed.


Very lovely. I read a variety of rewiews from good to bad and I took a chance. I made a great decision. I wear a 14/16 and got the XXL and the fit was very flattering. I will buy more from this company. Beautiful color, fabric and fit. GREAT DEAL!


I am 5' 3.5" tall and 149lbs, and based on the reviews, I bought a large, however, the large turned out to be to big.  A medium would have fit better. and the dress is to long, it reached me at my lower calves.  Good quality dress still.  A medium would have been ideal for me.....


