Great fit, but as you move about the dress tends to rise.


Great price!! I'm curvy and thick!! Xl fitted me just right!! Xxl may have been fine also. I usually wear a 16 in clothes.


I love the style. It's very flattering. The material is quality. I'm loving these miusol dresses. This is my second one I've purchased. Very happy with both. The size was as expected. Love it! I ended up buying it I red too.


This dress was BOMB! I got so many compliments on this dress. Its looks rich. From the fabric to the cut. I had no issues with this dress. Now I did ordera size up because I didnt want for it to be super tight and hug my tummy area.It fit just right. I had room but it still fit. I'm normally a 12/14 but I have hips so that's why I went up a size.


The fabric of this dress is nice and not see through at all.  It is 67% rayon, 28% nylon, and 5% spandex, It has ruffled cap sleeves and a ruffle down on side on the front.  My daughter doesn't know how she feels about that front ruffle yet.  I think it's kind of cute, but she is the one who has to wear it, so she will decide after she puts the dress on with heels and jewelry.  The dress goes right to her knees, just like on the pictured model.  I purchased a size SMALL for her and it fit her perfectly.  She is 5'6" tall and weighs 122 pounds.  Miusol has not disappointed me yet, they do have great dresses, that are fashionable, trendy, and made of great quality fabric.  I will continue to buy this brand of dresses, I love the look and the fit and  I am very grateful that this company lowered the price of this item so I could purchase it and have my daughter try it out. The review that I am leaving is based on her personal experience and observations. If anything changes, I will update this review. If you find this review helpful just click below and let me know.


Fits great!


Perfect fit and really good quality.


This dress fit amazingly. I love it and can't wait to wear it! The material did not feel cheap, but of good quality. It is beautifully made dress.


The dress looks as pictured. Nice material not to thin or thick, just right. More of a wine, burgundy color than purple.


