I wear a size 14 so i got a XXL it fit perfect.


I'm 6' tall and I wear a 12/14.  I ordered the XL.  I received a number of compliments on the fit.


This makes a very cute, classy Little Black Dress! I am 5'1, 126lbs, ordered a small. The cap sleeve ruffles are absolutely adorable. Like all my other Miusols, hugs every curve. The only drawback to this dress is I have noticed the ruffled, scrunched fabric across the belly that cinches on the left side doesnt always lay 'right'. And by that I mean in some odd way, when your body is angled right, the fabric seems to pooch out a bit. Its not very noticeable all the time, but it seems they should have stitched the folds tighter and just allow the fabric to conform to the wearer on its own stretchy accord...you can notice it on the model wearing the blue version as well. And thats the only reason why it doesnt get a 5. Otherwise, I plan on wearing this cutie to business cocktail parties.


Great material and nice fit. Will be buying other colours too!


Great dress for a really good price!!


Love it! Fits as expected! Great quality!!


I love this dress! It's just enough sexy to still be conservative. I needed a good go-to wedding guest dress & this was perfect. I ordered a LG -- I'm 5'2", 140(ish) lbs & usually wear med/lg or 10/12. I did & do recommend buying spanx bc although it fit, it was a little snug in my hip, stomach area & you could see my panty lines. Still a great dress, none-the-less!


My favorite I want to buy in another color ♡♡♡♡♡♡


Love it !


Wore it to church ... it's stretchy, moves with your body, snug feeling ... you might not even have to wear any Spanx :)


 I'm 5'4 about 131 pds. ---


I got the small or the 4/6, fits wonderfully !


Everything fit great except for the sleeves. The material is really thick and doesn't lay or curve to the shoulder area so it gave my shoulders a broad look. I wouldn't have minded for a more professional setting but I was look I g do something to wear to a wedding.


