5'3" 140lbs bust 42 hip 42 ..Fits as expected Good for church like activities... dont really fancy the flares at the front... they make dress seem to not fit in the front as well as the back did.


I like the design of the dress


I love it, great quality


Love it!


I read in the comments to size up, so I ordered an XL instead of an L (I'm 5'3" and 168 lbs), and I was swimming in the dress. The sleeve ruffles are awkward. Left 4 stars because although it didnt fit me in the size I ordered, the dress was as described and in good condition/quality.


An incredibly flattering and beautiful dress.  Good quality, great price.  I'm 5'2 and 118 pounds.  The small fit beautifully.  This dress would also be flattering for fuller figured women, as the rouching is strategically placed to hide tummy pooch.


The red is a tomato red color, very bright - and perfect for Christmas in warmer climates like Texas.


Absolutely loved this dress. Fit perfectly!!!!


I am returning this dress because it is way too small. A lot of other reviews suggested to size up, and they are right. I would probably size up atleast 2 sizes. If you normally get a L, I would probably get a XXL. However, I was also disappointed because the dress came with very odd white marks all over the front, and would probably have returned it even if it fit. The color was also not as deep of a fuchsia/red as I was expecting, which makes it seem a little less formal.


I have received a lot of compliments wearing this dress.  However, and this may be because I am tall - 5'10" - the waist hits too high on me.  If I looked best in an empire waist dress, it would look great, but I look better when the narrowest point of a garment sits a couple of inches lower, at my natural waist.


This dress is just soooo perrrrfect! 120lbs and size small is just great! Wore it once n receives several compliments. I've already purchased other dresses from this seller n will continue to as the quality is just great! Worth every penny I've spent. And, speaking of penny, this dress is very reasonable for the quality I've received. Keep up the great work muisol!


