The dress is stunning. However there is some extra fabric by the stomach area that makes it look loose and baggy at the front area. I used a broach pin to fix it and it didn't look too bad. I'm 5 ft 3 waist 27 hips 37 130 lbs and I ordered a medium.


Loved the dress.  I'm a size 6 but got a medium just to make sure it wasn't too tight.  I was wearing it for my friends wedding.  Less than 10 mins before ceremony started I was in the bathroom trying to fix where the seam ripped right on my butt.  I had to go back and sew it after the ceremony.  Very upset because of this I was too busy with my dress instead of helping the bride with her stuff!!!!!!


I absolutely loved this dress. This is a decent material for the price you pay. I didn’t have great expectations but was so happy when I tried this on. I am size 0-2 and I ordered size small which perfectly fits well. The length is a little too long for me as it touches below the knee but for the price I had to pay, I would say it’s worth the purchase. The color I ordered was saffron and it’s such a bright and vibrant color. Appropriate for a day to night look.


I like it. It's a gorgeous color. But, a little big in the waist. Everywhere fits. So, that's why it gets 3 stars then 4.


Got a medium but the hips part is tight...but I guess this is expected of body-con/pencil dresses. Color is REALLY NICE...There is no zipper though so you have to put it on like a shirt and stretch/slide the bottom half down. Sleeves stick out a bit though and don't follow my arms at all. I'm 5'4" and it goes BELOW my knees just a bit.


cheap finishes (done with a serger) around sleeves, not doubled or cuffed. Material is cheap but not so bad that i would end up returning this... zipper got irreparably stuck on second use. THIS IS NOT SUITABLE AS A COCKTAIL DRESS. It is a cute dress to wear on a date to the beach with gold or nude sandals. The rusching is poorly done.  Overall, I will keep the dress because it is ok as casual wear. The advertisement overpromises.


LOVE IT!


Love love love this dress! So much that I ordered a second one in Black . I normally wear a soze 10 jeans and Med/Large top I ordered asize Large and fit like a glove. The rouging covered any trouble areas while the fitted pencil style accented curves. I love the small ruffled shoulders.


A great purchase for a unbelieveable price. Stunning dress with a great feel.


Overall the dress fit as expected, but the middle part of the dress does this weird bunching thing.  It would be great if you have a stomach or even early pregnancy, but if you have a flat stomach it's weird.  Not bad enough to go through the hassle of sending back.  I'll probably wear it with a large belt.


