I ordered a small but I wish this dress came in an XS as I had to return it because it was too big on me in the stomach area. There was just too much material there on me that it looked "baggy" and didn't have the same effect as the photo of the dress does. I wished it had fit because I loved everything else about it! The material/quality is great. I loved the style of it. The price is right.


[[ASIN:B01HBBYMYU Miusol Women's Classicial V Neck Retro Business Bodycon Pencil Dress (Small, Navy Blue)]


Fabric is stretchy but substantial; great for defining your waist without showing little bulges.  Neckline is ideal for work: not low cut at all.  I feel great in this dress.


I normally wear a size 6/Small in dresses, and Small fit great.  If you don't want the dress to be very form-fitting, then you might order a size up.


I love this dress. I wore it to a cousin's 40th birthday at a lounge/night club.  I received a lot of complements. Stepping outside of my box wearing this was awesome. It fit my frame. I would say I'm curvy? Some may say fat but I'm good with whatever it is.  5'8 174-180.  I got a booty but don't really have a belly (been working on it).  36-32-42.  I'll try to find a picture in the dress but it was a nighttime activity.  I'd buy this again.


Love this dress. I am 5'8 and curvy. I ordered the 8-10 size by chart and it fit perfect. Wonderful stretch with great tucking ability. If any areas of your body are not the way you want them, I suggest to wear a girdle to strap down those areas, because this dress shows all.


I like the Miusol collection. The dress fit my curves, and the price is affordable. When purchasing Miusol, be sure to read the labels. My first purchase was a chic Japanese style black and red dress. I washed and dried the dress and it shrunk. Since then, I learned the value in reading fashion labels. Nevertheless, I am rocking several Misuol dress and can't wait to purchase more.


Beautiful dress, but somewhat on the small size. While I still fit in my usual size once I can get it on, it's a little bit of a struggle to take on and off. So, while I recommend getting your regular size, keep in mind that it'll be just a smidge smaller than usual. The thing that really bugs me about this dress are the sleeves. They're oddly poofy but not quite.. Just a warning!


So simple and versatile, and very professional.  I love this dress.*** Update: I've purchased in all available colors.  It doesn't look from the pic that it would be flattering if you have a mommy pouch, but it is!  Wish I could find more dresses like this.  If they had more colors, I would order them.


I got this dress based off the reviews. It was such a great fit nice and comfy. I wore it to a wedding and had so many compliments. People actually thought I spent a lot of money on it. I’d definitely recommend and will buy another color.


I ordered an XL because im 5'6 and weigh 205 lbs.... its the perfect length (just below the knees)and very confortable everywhere else. Unfortunately i have to retun it because there is too much fabric in the middle and looks like it is a maternity dress. Have to return it. Will consider reordering however.


Great dress but I ordered up to an XL like most of the reviews said but nope don't listen to all that. It's too big. I'm 165 5'6" and a 38C and I could've easily gotten away with ordering a large. I'm giving it to a friend to see if it fits her and I'm going to order a large. I never return any item so I don't know how their return policy is.


