I purchased this for a fall wedding. Shipped quickly, great material and quality. It was a bit bunchy around the mid section and I felt like there was a lot of extra material in that area that didn't fall quick right on me. I am 6'0 approx 140lbs. I love the length- always have trouble finding dresses that are not cut too short due to my height. I ordered a medium, if I had more time I would have exchanged for a small. Got a lot of compliants and felt great!


posted by girlfriend:


This dress was a surprise when it arrived. Its cute and fits great for ladies with a little belly to hide.


Love this dress alot. It Look very great for the price. Matrial was great as well. Go for it if you was thinking of getting ithis dress. I got a XL and I'm 192 lbs and a 38F chest.. Great coxk tail dress..


Amazing dress. I loved it.. I am 5'4 and 148lbs and the small fit me well. The quality is very good as the color was as expected. Great dress...


I LOVE this dress - it fits beautifully. Make sure you go by the seller's sizing and not your normal sizing. I typically we're a 10-12 but ordered the dress in a 2xl and it was perfect. Will probably order this in more colors


Really nice dress and good material. Took 1 star off, ordered one size up to a large and it's a little big. It will work for office wear since it's a little loose.


Highly recommend this purchase.


Looks great. I had many compliments, and fits comfortably. Good quality for an affordable price


I really love this dress...it's very stylish and feminine, but I had to return it because it fits me tooooo snug and I needed it for work. I ordered a 2x and I'm a 16.


Again love the dress, but it was not faltering for me since I have a thick mid section.  Beautiful dress with a nice finish.


I ordered a large as I ordinarily wear a size 10 or 12. This was equivalent to a size 8 and was far too small. I feel the size is not accurate. The color was good and the workmanship was fine. The size was just misrepresented.


