LOVE LOVE LOVE it!!! Navy blue is my favorite color. I usually wear a large; however, I didn't want the rooching around the stomach to be to baggy, so I ordered a medium. It's a little more fitted but still looks GREAT. Fabric is nice. Price is right ...this is a dress ever woman should have in her arsenal. Just beautiful.


Great dress! I wore it to a friend's wedding and was very comfortable. The dress has a good stretch, but keep in mind that it is also very unforgiving and form-fitting. That being said, I would buy it again in more colors.


Wow! I typically do not order clothes online, but I cannot recommend this dress enough! I'm 5'0 115lbs. I have a very short frame and very short torso and this dress fit perfectly! It was a little long (on me, obviously) but this dress is great for every occasion!


Worth it


I love this dress . I wear a size 10-12 and got a XL. The fit is great


Just ordered this dress this week for Red Dress Sunday. I love the color and I love the dress. The material is thick enough that you don't have to worry about seeing through it but you will need proper underwear so you don't have panty lines. Will be ordering in other colors!


So many compliments on this great dress. Fits as expected (size small : 5'8" tall, 120 pounds). The navy is a lovely dark blue. Fit is flattering for all body types.


The dress fit perfectly. It was made well and I received several compliments while wearing it. I was able to wash it like normal and I hung to dry, shape of dress stayed in tact. I will definitely order Miusol again. I loved the retro fashion and I felt beautiful in this dress. I would recommend to anyone.


This Women's Retro Ruffles Cap Sleeve Slim Business Pencil Cocktail Dress is really gorgeous.  It’s a great dress for work - professional looking, yet sexy and fitted, and very figure flattering.  Plus the gathered section in the middle helps to hide any belly bulge.


I am very impressed with the quality of this dress.  The material is sorta thick, but not so much that it’s hot, but enough that it’s not see through or that I need a slimming garment underneath.  The seams are well sewn and it is just overall very well made.  It’s soft and comfortable to wear.  The color and cut are exactly as shown in the picture.


Sizing - I am 5’5”, weigh around 140 lbs and normally wear a 5/6 in dresses.  I ordered this in a medium and it fits pretty well.  I’ve ordered several dresses from Miusol and their sizes has been pretty consistent so far, which is great.


Thanks to the seller for selecting me to review this product at a discounted rate for my honest and unbiased review.  I love the dress and will definitely buy from Miusol again.


This is my favorite dress! I've work it to business meetings, party, funeral. You can really dress it up or down. It's some what stretchy. Very comfy and it fit as expected if u follow the size chart. I'm going to buy more colors. U won't be diapointed!


Love, Love, LOVE the way this dress fits. The best clothing purchase I've ever made from Amazon. I'm 5'7", 163 lbs with a lean, athletic build and medium fit me well.


