Beautiful dress great quality I'm very satisfied


Very happy with my purchase


Even after following the size chart, it's too small around the bust area. It's also rather long. I decided to keep it, have it altered a bit, & now it fits perfectly. It's a pretty dress for work or a serious occasion.


Overall it is a cute dress. The ruffle part across the mid body helps to conceal some imperfection, and the sleeves also work better on me than plain sleeveless designs. The only concern is that it appears to run slightly smaller than my other Miusol dress so I have to return it.


Love love the dress i was skeptical about it being a good fit but I like the design. Well it looks good on and it feels comfortable. I wore spanx with it so it rides up a little when you walk but it's not bad. Everyone complimented me on it. I would recommend it to anyone.


It runs very small.


Order 2 sizes up or you will not be able to fit on it.


I ORDER it size M (8) but when I received it , it was more so my 4yrs old daughter 😂😂😂😂😂


This is a very sexy dress without being too revealing. I bought the small. It fits very nicely. I am 5'2" 117 lbs.  Very attractive Dinner dress. I love the color.


Hug all your curves. Material on the thick side but on account of the amount of cotton then look like it is going to lose its colour if care is not taken when washed


Ladies, this dress is perfect!  If you are deciding between 2 sizes, size down. I'm 5'6, 125, bought medium which has extra room, but because the fabric has stretch and flex the small would be even more flattering.


I was very pleased with this dress. The material is much thicker than I thought it would be ( in a good way). I'm 5 feet 2in and 165 lbs so I ordered a extra large. The length is a little long on me, but it doesn't take away from the great look of the dress. I ordered the dress in red and plan to order a few more In different colors. On a scale of 1-10, I give it a 9.. can't beat the quality for the price.


This dress is perfect.. I normally wear XL but I ordered 2XL because I have bought this brand before. It's a little big in the tummy area but nothing crazy to talk about.. It's gorgeous!!


