I usually wear a size 6 and I got the medium. The bust and hip fit well but in the middle where the ruffles are is lose. A small wouldn't fit me so I guess I just have to get a dressmaker to take it in the waist..... An overall good buy though.


I would like to return this product for a refund but no return material or instructions were enclosed in the package. I would be grateful if return material could be sent to me.Thanks


Other wise the product looks and should fit nice if the right size. I have already purchased the right size of a similar dress at a store since I needed it for a special occasion.


Very slimming, great quality...definitely worth buying. Very happy! Look forward buying more from this seller. Fit true to size


This dress is really cute and fits perfectly! Good quality dress! The length was decent (not too long and not too short). I bought it for my sister and got the medium size. She usually wears a size 6 or 8 depending on the cut of the dress but the medium size fit her perfectly. The color is the same as on the website. There was nothing that was unexpected about it. GREAT FIT! Love it!


I like the color and style. However the chest part was a little too snug and the pleats on the waist part isn't appealing. Would've given 5 stars if the pleats were removed. Other than that, it is still gorgeous to wear.


Nice material! It's thick not thin and cheap looking. I would have kept it but it was too small even if I got a large. I'm 5'5 and 140lbs and this dress was pretty snug and hard to get into! Beautiful color too!


The dress is well-made and the color is very pretty.  I am about 5'5" and 115 lbs.  I ordered the Small and it was VERY snug.  Difficult to get on and off and since it was too tight it was bunching up in the middle.  I decided to return it rather than exchange because it is hard to put on.  There is a side zip but I will try to find something with a back zip instead.


For the price I paid, this dress is a good value. It's very form fitting, so may not be suitable for all situations.


This is my 2nd dress I've purchased from the Miusol dress line and from Amazon and the dress fits perfect. The fabric of the dress is very well made and the price is unbelievable. I planned to buy more of this line.


With all the positive reviews, I had high hopes for this dress. It just didn't work for me. It wasn't flattering at all. The sleeves stuck like little wings and the length is too long. (Im 5'2 and it went down to mid calf)  The color is actually more maroon/burgundy than purple. The material is nice but I will be returning.


