Good material, will stand up to regular wash! Wore to a work training that was mainly a seated event- wrinkles in pic show from sitting for 3-4 hours. Loved the cap sleeves as I don't like showing off my arms. Nice deep blue!


Beautiful dress! Material is a medium weight with a but of stretch and a lovely, rich blue. I'm 5'4 and 135 lbs., athletic, and the small fit perfectly. Looking forward to making this a work staple. I'll buy from this line again - elegant and stylish.


I wore this dress for a wedding and received rave reviews.  The fabric was great, not thin yet breathable.  I had no issues with the dress riding up. I have a small belly so the rouching was perfect to cover that. I'm 5'3" and weigh 150 lbs.  The color is true.  I got mine in a rich vibrant red.  Wear a slip or shapewear  if you have cellulite. This product exceeded any expectations I had for a such a well priced dress.


This dress was beautiful comfortable and elegant totally recommend


I'm a size 6 in dresses but ordered a medium and this dress fit perfectly. -Laura


Perfect fit


This dress is stunning!  Know your size because it's a snug fit (supposed to be). I got a medium in the purple and it is perfect. I don't have a full-length mirror so I can't provide a photo, sorry!  But it flatters the figure. The zipper is on the side and you'll have to put the dress on over your head.  Looking forward to my next event so I can wear it!


Update: now I can provide a photo!  Wore this to the opera last night.  You'll notice how differently this dress sits on various bust sizes (haha), but imho it looks great on all.  I feel so weird adding photos of myself...  *glass of wine not included in purchase ;)


I love it! The color is incredible on my skin tone. The fit is perfect, snug in all the right places. If you have an hourglass shape, you'll love this.


I wouldn't wear it on a hot day (above 74 degrees) as the material has some quality and thickness to it. It's perfect for that perfect sunny day and definitely good for an indoor event on a chilly day. Everyone kept commenting on it as I walked around town.


It's great for formal or casual cute situations. The day I wore it, I also found a wall that is the same color! Fate! It was meant to be. It's a great dress!


My new fave! This dress is comfortable its constructed well Its soft I love the material its flattering and inhances the curves! I ordered a XL.


Wow! This dress is amazing and so much higher quality than I expected. I am super stoked to wear this to my 20 year high school reunion in a couple of weeks!


