This dress was absolutely gorgeous...got a lot of compliments and it very much complimented my figure...please read the reviews to get the idea of the RIGHT size to order...Im a 12 and very hippy and a extra large was perfect..I will order from this company again!


I haven't worn it out yet but I tried it on after taking out the package and I LOVE it. The size fit perfectly. I ordered a Medium (5'4", 140lb) It fell right below my knee, the fabric is super comfortable and I cannot wait to wear it out. The color is perfect for me to wear in my office. I love that it's a great dress to wear to work and one I can dress up for date night.


I almost never leave a review on Amazon, but felt I should this time.  This dress exceeded expectations, especially for the price.  I can't wait to wear it for my upcoming cruise.  For reference, I'm 5'3", 150 lbs, 36 DD and I bought a size medium. Very pleased!


I was a little worried about this one.. I'm not going to lie but when I put it on.... WOW.. it was great.  It's going to look good on me.  Now it does hit EVERY curve so it's awesome for that girl with big hips and behind.  If you are very slender, it's not going to have the same look.  I wear a 14 and I wound up buying the XL just to make sure and I'm glad I did... because i have a little more hips than some.


This dress is fine. However, it looks a bit like medical scrubs (in style) to me. I am very slender with a small bust and thus the top is not completely filled out. But really, other than my perception of it looking like what I might wear if I were a nurse, etc. it's just fine. I put necklaces with it to give it more ... something. It's just quite plain. Not bad, but plain. I've gotten a few compliments on it, however, so there's that.


This fit perfectly and is so flattering. It looks EXACTLY like the picture and I received so many compliments. If you are curvy please buy! I am 5'4" and weigh 185. The XL fits me perfectly!


I'm a size 8 up top and size 6 on the bottom.  I'm top heavy and I purchased this dress in a large to make sure it would fit.  I'm 5'7.5" and it hits right at the knee for me. Fantastic fit and it truly does hide any tummy flaws.  This is a gorgeous blue and will be a great dress for a friend's wedding.


Not super sure quite yet. Going to steam it and see. Fits good except for an odd rouche above the hip. I think I like it. Thinner material than expected.


It is decent material. Not thin at all. I was nervous to buy online but it fits really Well!  I may order the navy as well.. I normally wear a 9-10 I'm 5'4 150lbs.. I got a medium and glad I did!


I purchased this dress for a Valentine's Day dinner, but it's somewhat too small to wear. I used the sizing chart, as well as the reviews to make my decision, but I should have gone with my first mind and went with the 3X. I'm a size 14/16 (misses) and or 14w/16w (plus), I'm 200lbs (pear shaped) and I have a muffin top.  I don't mind wearing clothes that accent my shape in a modest & classy manner, but this snug fit is not that.  I know the fashion industry has somewhat gotten away from sexy and went straight to slutty, but that's not a good look on every body shape.  I'm not sure if I would re-purchase, because the sizing chart is off - in my opinion. LADIES, IF YOU'RE A TRUE 14/16, GET THE 3X, that's the best advice I could give. Now, if you want that "advertising everything look," (the good, the bad, and the ugly - i.e. the dimples in your butt cheeks) get the 2X. I'm positive you will get more attention, than what you bargained for.


