This was a nice dress, material was good. I followed the chart size, but when I received it, I couldn't get it over my head, had to step into it and force it up my hips and im not a big girl.  Do not go by the sizing chart. If you must I recommend at least 2 size up.


I absolutely love, love, love this dress! I will be ordering again in another color! I am 5 2 and 173 lbs and I ordered an extra large which fit perfectly! It's not too tight and does not ride up when I walk, but still shows my figure! It fits very comfortable because of the good material. I love it!


Loved it  very comfortable and received many compliments size Medium was perfect not too tight and not too loose buying more colors!!!


I'm usually pleasantly surprised with the quality of Miusol dresses, this is my 3rd purchase, but unfortunately with this dress the price reflected the quality. The fabric is nice, but the stitching is very cheap. The sleeves and the ruffle on the front are not even finished seams, they were just cut with a serger. It's okay from far away, but if you're standing next to someone they'll be able to tell. Returning this one unfortunately.


Fits beautifully. I got alot of complements when wearing this. the color is exactly what it looks like in the picture, the material is very soft. the dress hugs you in a very flattering. I went with the medium, i'm 5"7, 160lbs


I wore this dress to a wedding and got so many compliments on it! It’s a great quality, very form fitting but with the stretch to it so you’re not umcomfortable.


It is a really cute dress but I didn't decide to wear until over a month after purchasing it. While ironing it I noticed a small slit at the bottom of the dress. I'm pretty sure it is too late late to send back. I really wanted to wear this dress.


This dress was too small for me. I did buy a Large (12-14) where I have purchased other dresses from this company, and they fit great. However, the style of this dress is meant to be form fitting and showed too many of my "lumps". The material was very nice, but I felt like a sausage in it. It may work better for someone else but not me.


I am 5'4, 127lbs and ordered size M . It fits me perfectly and I am happy with this purchase. The material is good and stretchy for me to feel comfortable. I highly recommend this dress to anyone. Plus, good price too .


Even though this dress fits somewhat small, I love it.  The fabric is a heavier knit than I had expected and it holds me in just right. I purchased the navy but am thinking about purchasing the red one, too.


