Beautiful and good quality


The dress fits perfectly and is comfortable.  I am 5.6  38  34  39 and ordered the x large.


This dress is a nice material and very stylish design!


I have recently gained some weight so am kind of in between sizes, so It hugged my tummy a bit, but if I had been a true 2x still, It would not have hugged it so much. As it is close fitting through the middle and bottom half, I think some spanx would benefit anyone with a bit of a belly.


Has a zipper in back so it is easy to slip on and off :)


Love the navy blue (it's a true navy, not an off color), and love the details such as the ruching to the side and the side ruffle. Very very pretty!


(Sample provided for my opinion and review, all thoughts and opinions are my own)


The dress is pretty but the size is not correct.  I usually wear size small, and I ordered a M.  It is still not tight :(


Too small I had to return it.


Perfect for work with a blazer, or not.


The dress was perfect!!! Little bit roomy/large for my size because i lost weight..its true to size..The material is so incredibly soft and smooth its made of high quality material..stretchable, very elegant and classy looking,,This dress is very feminine comfortable to wear. This dress suitable for any occasions ,wedding,business,church activities,etc...its modest but fashionable design. I highly recommend this dress! I recieved this item with a discountprice in exchange of my honest and unbiased reviews.


I purchased this dress for an evening wedding. I ordered a medium as I am 130lbs. and it fit great. The material was giving in the right places, also the material felt great! I am little busty, but I did not even have to wear a special bra for this dress as I do most of my wardrobe - I was very pleased!


Very classy dress! Im 5'7 200lbs. I got a Large but should have gotten an xl. The dress fit though. Just wore my spanxs to give a smoother look.


This dress is beautiful. Great quality, true to size. I am 5 9 weigh 140 and ordered a size small and it fits great. Not too snug but definitely hug your curves comfortably. You won't regret purchasing it.


