Its a cute summer dress, just a little shorter than I would like. I also love dresses with pockets, but these are kind of bulky and in the way. It also came with messed up stitching, it was fixable, but it's why I only gave it 3 stars.


Really like this dress. Read reviews and was still unsure of size to get so I played it safe and got a medium.  (I'm 5' 3", 110 lb). It seemed a little big & long when I got it but I washed and dried it and now it fits perfect! If you are worried about length at all get bigger and do what I did.  Love the look of this dress and so comfy


We got married in Key West and my wedding dress was a huge ballgown. It was very hot.


After our wedding we had a very small reception at our airbnb and I didn't want to wear my dress anymore so I put this on. It basically ended up being my second wedding dress and I LOVED it. Very comfortable. I should note I am a pretty casual girl. It felt like a big t shirt but was slightly more form fitting and so it looked very nice.


The only issue is that it is not very thick fabric so you need to wear a little slip underneath. But very comfortable.


cute, versatile.  I will wear this with leggings to travel south, and when I arrive it will be a dress.  Love the pockets and not too billowy so does not make me look huge.  Fabric is very soft, so important to me and there is no strange odor.  I will be ordering more colors of this.  I'm 5'11"160 and I ordered M.


Super cute! I got at XL I do have a bigger bust but I think it fits perfectly. I was going to rip this up and put fake blood all over it for Halloween but I think I love it too much to do that. Super excited to get this in other colors. Is a little see through but just wearing a white bra would fix that issue. And ladies... it has pockets!


I love this summer dress! Bought it for my birthday (thank you hubby). I generally wear a size 6 and the small (4-6) was a perfect fit.


I love this dress!! It fits perfectly and the material is lovely. Not too clingy but not bulky. I ordered the purple one and got so many compliments when I wore it. I'll be getting more in different colors.


Cute, I like it  I'm short so it hits just above my knee which is what I like, however it does wrinkle alot...maybe cause it came bundled up and very wrinkled, tumbled dried it damp to get them out finally came out, will see now how it wears...but  nice material is soft thin-ish tee shirt feel..I got the royal blue, color is great..


Looks really nice, would give 5 stars, but material is very thin, so it is see through... if that is what you looking for it will work... I really like the style so will wear around the house, but not for outing... unless you want to show your underwear... a bit disappointed.


Love the fabric (easy care-just wash and dty, non wrinkle, non clingy, silky feel and flow) and that it has pockets. My 23 yr old daughtwr wven borrowed it to go out with her bf for the night. She said it was sexy without showing anything. Beautiful!


