Based on other reviews I bought two sizes. Both were very cheap material, scratchy and uncomfortable next to my skin.  They were both extremely short on my less than 5'6" tall body. The shoulder holes didn't feel good, not cut well. I'm trying to return them. I'm kind of bummed because I read so many good reviews, but these were not as promised.


Cute and comfortable.  A little shorter than I thought it would be,  but I washed it and stretched the length a bit while line drying and that helped.  I'm 5'4" and will still probably wear shorts or leggings underneath for the bit of modesty left in the world. I ordered two: the navy and the wine/burgundy color.


I ordered true to size XL to achieve the flowy look similar to the model pictured. Size down if you want a more fitted look. This flowy look usually makes me look pregnant, but the cut on this dress is actually flattering. Also, the "cold shoulder" sleeves are  perfect for hiding thicker bra straps and hiding my big arms.


I LOVE this dress! Bought the black in a small ( I'm 5'2" & thin) & it's perfect. The length is great for me, but I'm short. It's a jersey type material, super flowy & comfortable, & somehow the style makes it a little dressy. I'll be buying more colors. My favorite clothing purchase from Amazon to date. (& certainly not my first.)


I'm so sad because the dress that was delivered to me is not all the dress that is described and shown. I received a cheap polyester/cotton blend from China, and not the cotton/spandex dress that is described. The dress does not swing at all and just fits like a wide cotton shirt would. It is much too short to wear as a dress (I'm 5'8"). And already has a loose hem on the bottom. I've heard great things about this dress so I don't think this is the case for everyone who orders it, but it seems I received a knockoff.


Decent dress for everyday wear. The fabric isn't the nicest-feeling, but it looks fine and doesn't cling. I would say it runs a bit large, so I wouldn't recommend sizing down unless you're very large chested or it might end up looking shapeless.


Overall am happy with this and might get one in another colour.


Being 5"4, 180lbs, to me, this is a sexy casual summer dress, i do think it is a bit too short for me. So Legging will be something I'd wear to pair this beautiful outfit.


Or i can use it going to the beach or pool.


Very light material, easy to wash.


I hope it last for a long time.


Cute dress very light fabric not clinging. Bought it for my cruise you can wear it to dinner and drinks and dancing after. Doesn't take up much room and is light for packing


Love this dress! It is light but not see through and fits great. It has pockets! I am 5'6 and 180lbs and I got a medium. It fits great but is a little bit more baggy in the body area than I would prefer (I am pear shaped and carry most of my weight in my thighs and butt!) I want the green one so badly but they do not have my size!! Definitely going to order the royal blue next!!!


Soft. Flowy. HAS POCKETS! This is my favorite Amazon purchase to date and there have been many. Looks nice. Packs well. Simple. Can dress up or down. I got an XL do it would be loose and flowy and this fits perfectly.


