I am very pleased with this purchase. I was originally very nervous that this dress would not be of good quality, but upon arrival I was satisfied.  I thought this dress would be a spandex stretchy material or would be clingy upon the skin it was not, so it was able to hide a magnitude of sins.  Are usually order a  L/XL but with this dress I ordered a medium after reading some reviews. Dress fit very well. I would  recommend.


Normally wear M-L but I'm 5'9 so I went with Large for the length. PERFECT! I received so many compliments on this, I'm buying another in a different color. I did need a slip under it though, maybe because I got a light color.


This dress is adorable! I wear a size large shirt, size 12 pants. I got the size large and it fits great. I will say that I am busty (38DDD), so if you aren't, you may be able to go down a size. However, for it to fit just like it does in the picture, I'd order your regular size. I'm 5' 5" and it hits right at the knee on me. That's exactly where I wanted it. As you can see in one of the pics, when I pair it with high-heel platform wedges, it's about 1" shorter (the height of the platform). Not too short. I've added pictures of it with a belt, as well as without. The dress has some shape on me without the belt, but probably wouldn't if my bust were smaller. I think it's cute either way.


The cold shoulder is great for those of us who have the types of arms that when you wave, your underarm keeps flapping for a few seconds after you quit waving. ;) Ugh. You get the coolness of a sleeveless dress, even with the upper arm being covered.


The pictures are of the dress straight out of the package. It's thin, but not see-through, so it'll be great for hot days. When it's cooler, I'll just pair it with some leggings or skinny jeans. It's well-made and held up well when I washed it. I hung it up to dry as I wouldn't put this in the dryer as I'm sure it would shrink.


I was worried about the pockets when I ordered it. Several weeks ago, I ordered another dress with pockets here on Amazon and the pockets added width to the hip area. I know how to sew, so I took them out and it's fine now. With this dress, I don't think it adds bulk, probably because of the natural A-line nature of the dress.


I definitely recommend this cute dress. I think it would flatter any figure, it's a great price, well-made, and can be dressed up or down.


If you have any questions, comment and I'll try to help. Thanks for reading and have a blessed day!


This dress is so pretty. I got the green in an XL and the color really pops. I read other reviews and glad I went up a size so it would flow and drape the way I want it to. I plan to order more colors. Great price and great summer dress!


Not flattering on me. Maybe it's my shape!


So happy I took a chance on this as sometimes when the price is so low, the fit or product can be lousy.  Ordered a XL and I wear 14/16 and it fit great.  Not too tight, especially comfy on the cold shoulder sleeves.  I like it so much I just ordered another!


I love this! So cute and comfortable, and a good length that doesn't make me feel like I'll be flashing someone if I bend over. I'm 5'6", 38/30/40, DD, 160lb and this makes me feel great. I've already put another in my cart! Versatile enough to wear alone on a summer day or to wear over leggings with heels and a necklace to work. A+!


I was really skeptical as to how this would fit but I really needed something quick so I just went for it! And I actually ended up loving it so much! Definitely a keeper! My first dress purchase from Amazon and so glad I did! :)


I am so happy I purchased this dress....


I am 5'3, I wear a women's M or Juniors L (USA sizes) and I purchased a Large.


Perfect for the all white party I will be attending.


I am 5ft 6 weigh 150 took a large it was alittle big the lenth fits like a a long tunic


Above my knees took the blue very nice color I had to wear it with leggings it looked good I will keep it The material is okay light weight fabric


