As you can see from the photo, what I received is nothing like what is pictured here! Back it went and I didn't bother to order the item again as I was wholly unimpressed with the quality of the item they sent.


Lovely dress! Very flattering. I knocked off once star because the material is thin. I would still recommend it though and I may buy an additional color!


I got the yellow one. It's cute, but it's entirely see-through. I can see my entire bra and skin, underwear, everything. You have to wear this with atleast a slip underneath. But even then, you can see the entire outline of the slip. I wouldn't buy it again knowing that.


Don't go a size up. The dress is roomy. The material is jersey like and thin. The material though can wrinkle easily. The dress also pics up air easily so you might want to put a slip on under it if you tend to worry about your dress hiking or flying up as you walk.  It's nothing to write home about but it's a solid casual, on the go dress. Also if you want something quick and easy to put on and go it could be a good buy.


It's a cheap, casual dress. If you buy this expecting something to wear to a formal event, you'll be crushed - but it ought to be pretty obvious from the pics, description and price that this is not what this dress is for. It's a simple dress, lightweight tee shirt material, that has pockets (yay!) and it's crazy short. Nothing fancy - and sometimes, you don't want or need fancy. When you don't, this is a good dress at a good price for that.


Its great. I believe I bought a medium. I'm five foot and usually wear a large top and size 8 pants. Its cute and comfortable. I would recommend it.,


Ordered the hot pink one and received it today. I was cautiously optimistic based on the reviews. Tried it on as soon as I got it and must say it's adorable. I'm 5'6 and usually a 6-8 in size, I ordered a medium. Fits perfect, nice quality, love the pockets.  Immediately ordering a second one in another color.


This dress is awesome. Super comfy. Very bright blue color. Fits great. Has side pockets, but careful with what you put in. Not for heavy items like cellphone, unless is momentarily - since the fabric will stretch and make it uncomfortable. Overall very good quality, looks like a good material. I just love it, it fits very nice.


I received what was expected for an Amazon dress. Its a great throw on dress, super casual and very soft material. Good quality for the price, the stitching is also done nicely as if I purchased up from the mall. I do recommend sizing down. The model photos make the dress seem somewhat tapered in around the true waste but it is just a straight up and down cut. I'm 5"5 and have a curvy, proportionate figure and the L swallows me. The length is very comfortable and modest, I'm assuming it would've been sorter if I sized down. If you like a loose fitting dress to hide trouble areas, this is the dress for you. I'd recommend cute shoes and a long necklace to add character, otherwise you get kinda lost in it.


Very pretty and well made. Would recommend  to anyone. Might be slightly big but that could be because I am losing weight


