If you love the flowy style then 5 stars... but I personally feel like I'm wearing a moo-moo unless I wear a belt with it. I am 5'2" and petite.


I got Navy Blue color and wore with a white waist belt (no loops, just around my waist tight) and looked great!


This is my go-to summer dress. Can be dressed up or down, the cold-shoulder style makes it cool but covers "that part" of my arm that's not so attractive. The material is a bit thin and it does hit above the knee, but for the price, I love these dresses.  (I'm 5-8"/150 lb, I bought XL and hang-dry.)


So cute and comfortable...fabric soft and washed well.  I put in drier for 5 minutes go get wrinkles out, then hung to finish drying...perfect.  Purchased for vacation so I can be cool and comfortable.


Better than what I expected.  Fits great,  very comfy and nice swingy fabric great price.  Im 5'8" and 150 lbs and the Large fits perfectly.  Its short,  but not too short for wedge sandals and not too clingy.  Love it.


I love this dress! Nice material (not see through) great length.


normally I wear a size 12 and I bought an XL. I wanted mine to flow and it’s perfect! Fitted on top and flows below.


Love the style, fit, fabric - hope it washes well.  Runs a bit large, hits just above the knee so can be worn casually or for dress.  Immediately ordered another one in another color.  Good buy.


I got the short sleeved one, wine red. I really liked the color, it is very flattering, comfortable, great length, and HAS POCKETS!!! I will be getting it in other colors, I just looove this dress.


I bought this dress in X-Large in black & I absolutely love it. It's so comfy & sexy without overdoing it. I'm 5'4"


190 if that helps for sizing. It's really flowy.


It's really short.  I'm 5'9 and can't wear it without leggings or something underneath.  It's much shorter than it looks on the model.  Also, you get what you pay for.  I wore it once and had to patch up some sports where the seams were coming undone.


Super cute dress, worn for a school dance. Dress it up..or dress it down. It has pockets too for a phone, or tissue, or your ID.. Super cute. lots of compliments and didn't cost a lot of money.


