Beautiful dress, but if you want it to look like in the picture you must by the petticoat slip for underneath. Quality is great, and after ironing with some starch it was a beautifully classic look. Wonderfully vibrant colors that have lasted even after washing. Very fast shipping!


Love the dress! It's a bit tight in the chest, though. I normally never have that problem so it was unexpected, but it still fit and it's so pretty!


This dress had to be returned because, although the skirt fit, I couldn't zip it up past the middle of my back.  It had no stretch there and I have a ddd chest!  Sent back this and the underskirt, which fit perfect.


Follow the washing and drying instructions. Shrinks about 2 sizes.  Only cold water no dryer.  Gave it a 3 not a 5 because it shrinks so bad but it is incredibly cute.  Fun retro look. Light but not too flimsy  Made of 60+ cotton and the rest spandex


Ridiculous fit. Maybe this is a mens size?? Also, this fabric is crummy canvas/denim - not a soft shiny fabric like the photos leave you expecting. The tie in the back is very disappointing.


Be very aware of the sizing, this is asian sizes NOT american or European


I got the dark apricot print. It is beautiful! The dress fits perfectly and I'm shocked at the great quality! (The dress came pressed, no wrinkles).  It's a perfect light summer dress. I'm a curvy girl and it hugs in all the right places.


I had to make a small adjustment the arm holes they were a little too big for me. The colors are bright and the dress is very comfortable. Has alittle stretch to it


I was concerned about the sizing of the dress. Dress fits as expected which was exciting. Dress is beautiful and fit!!!!! The disappointment was when using the zipper. I bought for an Easter dress. My daughter can slip over her head without using the zipper so we will be able to use for Easter, but soon I will have to replace zipper in order to Zipp out of dress.


love love love love this dress!!! loved it so much, bought another in a different print.  Sooo many compliments on it as well.


