I am 34c bust size, 5ft tall, 28 inch waist size. It fits me. but the style is too much flare for a short women. So I cut 5 inch off at the bottom and made it into a mini-dress. It is quite cute after I altered it.


Very pretty. I got the purple and black flowers on white. Fits well, would probably be fancier with the undershirt, but my skin can't wear that due to allergies. Still pretty semi-dressy without


I am enfactuated with the 50 style dresses. I have bought several and they run small I think. I have bought medium and large.  I look at the sizing chart yet my breast size is what gives me my problem.  They all fit and I love them all!!!!


I was a little nervous buying it but it came in the mail yesterday and oh my god it's so pretty! I got the black dress with the cherries on it in an XL. I didn't think it was going to fit because I'm a 36DD and it's hard to find dresses but it was perfect fit! I can't wait to wear it to school tomorrow and show it off!


I'm definitely going to get another one.


Beautiful dress and very comfortable. There is what appears to be some discoloring or a stain on the back of the dress but it's very small and at this point to much of a hassle to send back and reorder. Actually placed another order for a dress in a different pattern.  Went with other reviews and ordered a petticoat to wear underneath and wow does it add to the dress.


This dress is beautiful! Looks like 50s vintage. The size is exactly as indicated in the measurements. The waist line is higher, which is exactly what I was looking for.


This dress is very quality, especially for the price.  It is very, very adorable.  The colors are so rich.  The material is stretchy, and I do wish I had gotten a size smaller.  The skirt is lovely.  The only reason why I knocked off a star is that it does wrinkle so it will need regular ironing, but it is completely worth it.


I liked this dress it has a little bit of stretch. Is not light weight. But it was too big for me. I have to altered by my self. Order you size.or if you wanted more space go one size up.


As I had read in other reviews, the top of this dress at the neckline bends out in an awkward way.  The dress itself doesn't fit against your body like it should at the top.  The skirt part was lovely, although it seems like the front was a little longer than the sides.  I didn't keep it.


(Bought an XXL for my 14/16 body)


This is a stunning dress for this summer. It fits perfectly and the vintage look is a eye catcher❤️


