I'll keep it because it's too har5d to return.  I usually wear a Medium or large so ordered the large to be safe.  Not safe enough.  I'll need to lose 10 pounds before I can wear this comfortably.


I purchased this dress (white with black and blue flowers) for Easter Sunday.  Wow! I loved it.I fofollowed fit chart for the sizing and the dress fit me just right.  Got tons of compliments.  It looks very sexy but very classy at the same time!


 The only thing is if you want this dress to be puffed up Like in the picture you will have to get under skirt for it.  Unfortunately I didn't realise it when I got it.


Incredible dress!  This came slightly wrinkled but with higher quality fabric and construction than I expected for the price.  This is going to be one of my favorites.  It fits me perfectly (size small, 5/7, 125 lbs) with a very flattering waistline yet modest enough for work or fancy enough for a party!  I love the design of the fabric which is exactly as shown in the pictures here.


...As long as you never have to wash it. Unfortunately, the colors bleed like crazy. I hand washed it gently in ice cold water and let it air dry, hoping to keep the colors separate, and the black actually set pretty well but the red ran into the white so now there are several pink splotches. I might just continue wearing it anyway - that's how much I LOVE the dress - but it looks a little odd. It's too bad, because the fabric is good quality, the stitching is even and will hold up well, the cut is perfect, and the pattern is lovely. Up until washing it was easily my favorite dress, even compared to the ones that were 5 times the price!


I love this dress!  I am 5"6", 195 lb and bought the XXL based on the measurements and it fits me perfectly!  I'm a solid B cup and the top fits nicely, if you were bigger it would still fit.  I will say that if you are any smaller than a B then it might be a little loose in the bust.  The fabric has a little give to it but it is otherwise a nice summer cotton dress.  Excellent, I would not hesitate, especially at this price!


This is a beautiful dress. The cut is flattering and the colors are beautiful! I ordered this for my daughter who is 5'6". I wasn't sure what the length would be, so I measured according to the information given. It seemed that this dress would definitely fall below her knees. However, when received it, it was clearly above her knees... not even at her knees. I am disappointed with the length.


The dress though lovely, just needed a bit more torso room, next size up.  And the ease of Amazon's return policy made my


decision completely possible.


the bust is not right. it is supposed to be for a 53" bust but it only measures for a 36". hips were okay loved the feel until tried to zip up the bodice. it wouldnt. got very frustrated because id purchased this with a wedding i was going to in april. Now ill have to find something else. I want to return this dress along with the other dress purchased nearly together. please forward directions on how i can do this/ i like amazon but was disappointed with this.


I love this dress.  It is beautiful, and the fabric is sturdy.  Alas, it is significantly too small. I was very disappointed when I held it up to myself and realized there is no way I will be able to wear the dress, at least not until I lose a good 30 pounds. Not saying that I don't need to lose said 30 pounds, but I need clothing to fit me now.


The thing that prevented me from giving a five-star rating is the size runs way too small. I ordered a 4XL but it fits like a L.


I actually had to squeeze into the dress. Normally, I wear a size 2XL.


Otherwise, it is a very beautiful dress and I have received numerous compliments.


 Looks like I'll be giving this one away regretfully.


