This is a really cute dress but not sized in US measurements. Make sure to measure yourself and use the chart provided by the company not Amazon. A 3XL is like a 10/12 USA size.


This is a great dress. I am 5'8" 150 lb. 36C bra and found the medium to fit perfectly. I was hoping it would be just a bit longer but it covered my knees so it still looked close to tea length. This is a great quality garment, especially for the money. Very flattering on pretty much any body type. I recently wore this at an antique car event and received countless compliments from people of all ages. I'll be buying at least one or two more in different prints.


Love this dress! I followed the size guidelines in the product description and the 3XL fits with a little extra room (I didn't want it to be too clingy). I typically wear an 18 or 1X in dresses due to larger bust (40D) and shoulders, so had to order up a couple sizes. The dress looks great by itself and I also plan to wear it with a 27" petticoat.


Loved this dress. Ordered a medium fit just right, slightly loose around chest area but overall very flattering


This dress came better than I expected. It is lined at the top and the material is really nice. I ordered a xxxl; I wear a 18w. The top is a little loose, but I can get that adjusted. I really like how it feels on with or without the crinoline slip I bought. It looks nice. I am only 5'3.5" so the top is really in proportion. My only wish, and I knew this buying it, is it was a V neck. I might have someone alter it to that. It would be a good Church dress, bridal shower dress, or dinner dress. I bought it for a 50's type dance, and I am so excited to go...


Very pretty dress! It seems a little big on the top & a bit snug in the waist. The fact that it's snug in the waist may be why it seems big on top. The material is very nice & the colors are even better in person. I'm on my way to losing about 5 pounds to wear the dress comfortably because I love it so much I don't want to return it! I bought another dress, the same size from the same company, and it was way too small, so I'm having to return it. :(


The fabric is great and I am overall impressed for the price.  I got the xxl.  i wear a 16 or 18 usually but my gut is getting bigger and I didn't want anything too small.  It fits great around the middle but is really loose under the arms so I will have to do some tailoring.  It is a little shorter than I would normally wear but I got a petticoat as well so I don't have to worry about flashing anyone.  I am 5'10" and it comes about 2 inches above my knees.


This dress is wonderful, I love it. I'm anywhere from a 12 - 16 dress size and the XL fit me perfectly. I am a bigger girl and wanted a cute vintage looking dress that would flatter my fuller figure, I'm also only a B cup bra and needed a dress that didn't need to be filled in up top to look good this dress does both. I don't feel like I'm wearing some baggy unflattering heep over me and I don't feel like I need more breasts to look fabulous in it. This is form fitting in all the right places to show off my wonderful big figure. Now that I know I love the cut I am going to be buying more colors.


I ordered this based on the model's photo. I forgot that I am, apparently, Sasquatch.


I am 5'9" and I ordered a size 14-16.


The thing was just, just right at too short on me. I wanted something that was below my knees, but this is right above them.


My knees are ugly, btw.


I applied for a return, so I will review again when the return is processed to tell you about how that went.


my daughter is a size 18, usually she can wear an xl or 2x & it's roomy - But i bought the 2x from this company - WAY too small! couldn't even zip up the back! there's NO stretch put into these dresses! i really hated sending these back! but i decided to try & go bigger! well it paid off! the 3x is perfect! still no stretch bad a tad bigger. these dresses are SO pretty! there's no real chest room or belly room but the slight flair in the skirt kinda hides that. if you are bigger than 18/20 = 3-4x is best!


