I ordered a XXL based on the measurements provided and it was still too small. I'm 5'9" and typically wear a XL in dresses based on the fabric, so ordering a size up based on the measurements they gave made me feel confident. So trust me, I was really disappointed to get this and find myself unable to not only zip it, but I also had to take my bra off to get it up over my arms. I'm not even anything CLOSE to being called 'busty' -- on a good day, with the right padding, I can be considered a small C cup. So having to take off my bra for this to fit across my chest was just flat out ridiculous.


I will be returning the dress and won't be trying to replace it. It's not worth the emotional heartache to think that you're ordering based on measurements the company is giving you and to have it get here and not fit. Talk about helping pin point some of the poor standards the fashion industry has when it comes to helping further the idea of being body positive. You rarely find this particular style of dress in anything that would be considered 'plus size' so imagine my delight only to have it not fit. If you're going to even bother giving measurements, please do the costumer a favor and make sure that they are fair and correct.


I'll get off my soap box now -- good luck to those of you who do order. Maybe I just drew the short straw.


This dress is as pretty as the picture! It is so flattering and fun! I normally wear a size 14, but decided to order the XL, glad I did.


Dress looks exactly like it does in the picture.  It'sa really cute dress that's perfect for spring. It fit nicely, though the bust was a little snug so order up if you have a full chest.


Very affordable. Followed the instructions to buy a size up & it fit perfectly! I've gotten a lot of compliments when I wear it.


The dress is very cute but I washed it on gentle prior to wearing it and it literally came apart at the seams.


Very cute, but clearly not worth it unless you are an excellent seamstress.


Can't say enough good things about this dress. Bought two of different prints for my daughter. Fit to a tee!  Wonderful shape and fit.


I ordered a size up as other reviews had suggested, but the dress was still way smaller than I could fit into.  The dress quality is good,  but definitely consider a size or two up if you have a larger bust.


This was advertised as an ample 3X, where I usually wear a 2X, so as this distributor doesn't allow returns, I figured it should be OK.  It is NOT the case.  This dress is about a XL/1X at best.  Now I might as well throw this away, and I'm just out the money.  Good thing it was cheap to begin with.


Love love this dress awesome fit and the color vibrant and uplifting...


This dress is great and feels wonderful to wear.  I gave it only four stars because it was tight across the bust.


