Great price, great cut, great fabric, great pattern.


I'm feeling myself in this dress.


Such a pretty dress. I ordered two different sizes for an  event, and this one was (what I thought it was going to be) too small. Don't shy away if you are having second thoughts. Just measure twice and order up one if you are a little thick.


This dress is cute, stylish, and comfortable. The zipper is crap. I don't know if I just happened to get a defective one or what, but it split after zipping it up and my husband had to rescue me from the dress. I have a larger bust, but it went up over it no problem. As soon as I moved it split. I had originally ordered an XL,  but it was WAY too big in the chest (I'm a 38D).


Despite the initial poor experience, we tried it again and it held for about a half an hour and then the zipper split again. Unfortunately, I had to return it.


Perfect, perfect dress! Lightweight perfect for summer and work! Bought two v neck style ones in the pink tones. Definitely wish there were more v neck styles since all seem to be boat neck or round. Xl perfect fit for 5'2, 36dd, 200#, 36w, 48h frame.


poor fabric and horrible construction. there was no bottom hem, not what the picture looks like at all. it was made of a cheap cotton blend that was extremely wrinkled and would not iron out. the arms and top were far too tight and the bottom was not level as there was no hem. returned immedietly .


I bought a size larger and the dress doesn't fit. I plan on giving it to a friend who it'll fit or I'll lose weight to fit it. It's made for women with smaller frames. I'm pretty aware of what size I wear and thought buying a size up would've worked. Maybe I should've gone two up. Love the dress, just wish it fit.


I expected the fabric to be more comfortable, it felt like it would be supper hot to wear on a warm day.


Also, it is (in my opinion) super long. Definitely fell below my knees, and I was hoping for it to be a little shorter. Lastly, the bust is not for everyone - I am a C cup and there was definitely a "too little room" situation. I returned it.


This dress is gorgeous! It's cut nicely, looks just like the picture. The stitching is good. It fits as I expected it to. The fabric is heavy but breathable and comfortable.


I wore it to a wedding and everyone wanted to know where I got it, and I got lots of compliments. If you aren't sure weather or not to buy it, buy it. I wear it way more than I expected too. The way it's cut is very slimming. I can not say enough good things about it. I am a super happy customer.


The first time I ordered this dress it was longer than expected, but nothing that couldn't be hemmed easily.  I loved it so much that I bought it in another color, and the second dress was length that I had expected the first to be, even though they should have been identical.  So if you're a little flexible about the length, this dress is wonderful.  I get compliments every time I wear it (in both colors), and it's very comfortable for a long day at the office.  My only complaint is that it doesn't come in more colors and patterns!


I would have given this dress a 2 1/2 if I could, and didn't want to go all the way down to a 2, so I gave it a 3. Although this is a beautiful print, the quality of the material is not great and the zipper gets stuck. Luckily, I was able to get it on and off without ruining the zipper. It is also smaller than expected. I was able to fit into it, getting the zipper up, but it is too small to be a XXL.


