Cheap cheap you get what you pay for wrinkles super easy dont sit down when you stand up it will look like a wrinkled up 100% cotton mess! Dont waste your money pay a little more and buy a nice dress.


Lovely dress. Empire waist sits high. Full skirt. Fabric has some stretch but not too muck.  Great for office or lay.  Crisp black and whitecheckerboarddesign.  Paired with a bright red jacket for the office. Only regret is that it doesn't have pockets.


I'm 5'9 and 170lbs 40 B.  I ordered an XL and it fits perfectly, including hitting me just below the knee. Everytime I wear this dress, I get compliments.  It is stretchy cotton, so breathable and comfortable. I enjoy wearing it!


Will buy again and again and again. I have it in the red/black/white too. I've worn it with and without the petticoat. Just an amazing dress. The designer outdid themselves.


I like it very much. Very light and breezy for summertime. My only down side is the bodice is quite tight. The rest fits fine--shoulders, waist, length. I need to firm up my abs or wear an industrial strength foundation garment at the bodice.


Upon readin reviews I decided to give this dress a try. I did order one size up considering many reviewers claimed it ran small. This was a great tip, as the dress fit me perfectly. Loved the color and style of the dress. I did notice that it was not the same length all the way around. Upon further inspection the seam was very poorly sewn and coming out in various spots. I also noticed that the zipper stitching was starting to pull out as well. I have retuned the product and may purchase another one with the refund, just to see if I had a defective one.


Dress was pretty and as expected except for size. The pull down "ordering size" does not match the "Size Chart" that is provided next to the pull down ordering size list.  Makes it very confusing.  Is XL the same as 1X(W). is XXL = 2X(W)... There is no pull down for 0X, but its on the chart.


I try to go by dimensions but they overlap if you select XL, 0X, 1X(W)


my husband wanted me to get this dress, I thought it was cute, but nothing special.  When it arrived, I tried it on and loved it!!!  It is adorable!!!!  I bought a little light-weight petticoat to go under it and it looks like an adorable stepford-wife outfit.  Tons of compliments, VERY flattering!!!  Would certainly recommend to anyone!


I was impressed how quickly this dress  arrived unfortunately it was too small the dress is beautiful excellent quality I would recommend this to anyone we ordered a size up and can't wait to get it I recommend  acevog to all my family and friends the exceptional quality my daughter can't wait for the new bigger size to arrive


While it is a cute dress it is not as full as pictured. Thinner material which is fine. Beware tho if you are tall Im 5'9", hits right at knee. I thought it would be tea length. Neck is a little to high in the front. This being said I Will wear it, but was a little disappointed.


