Let me start by saying that I'm 5'1 and weigh around 178 lbs. I previously ordered the green floral dress in an XL size and I loved it! I loved it so much that I decided to order it in red. Unfortunately, the red dress fit way smaller than the green floral dress even though they were both XL. It was particularly tight at the waistline. I like the material. It's the same as my other purchase. It feels light and cotton like (but I believe it's not cotton) and the material stretches a little but not enough for me to fit in the dress. Don't expect thick material. For me it was fine given the price. Just wished it fit. Length wise since I'm short it hung a little below my knees. Loved the red color. I reordered in a XXL but cancelled my order since I found something better locally. So I don't know if that would of fit best. Definitely this color fits smaller than expected.


Very cute dress. I ordered based on the measurements in the product description, and it fit wonderfully. The arm holes were a touch smaller than I would have liked, but that's often a problem I have with fitted dresses/tops, so someone with slim/average arms probably wouldn't have any issues. I'm 5'10" and the skirt stops a few inches past my knees, which was perfect. It's a very flattering fit. I put a white petticoat under it to complete the look. Definitely recommend this dress!


It is a very pretty dress style and shape. Looks exactly as described. I typically where a small for everything and realized after the fact (through photos) that it was actually pulling a bit in the bust (small dress and I wear a 34B bra). It just looked kind of sloppy with the pulling at the bust for such a refined style dress.


I may still wear it again without a bra or try a similar color in a Medium.


Absolutely love this dress. I'm 5'7 and weigh about 120. Small hips, 34A. The dress came to just below my kneecaps, and I had to stretch out the waist just a bit to get it over my hips, but after that, it fit fine. The bust was a little loose, but when the waist is tied tightly, it looks pretty natural. Definitely room for at least a C cup.


Hate that it wrinkles so easily, but it's not a big deal, as the fabric is very nice, and just stiff enough to where it pleats beautifully in the skirt. Just iron before wearing, and you should be fine.


Will definitely buy another. I have my eye on the green one!


I was actually very pleased with this dress.  I bought the solid green in a size large.  I was sooo nervous about it fitting because there are several reviews about ordering up.  I'm glad I went with a large, other than needing it hemmed because I am so short I am so pleased with how it fit.  I am 5'2" 165 Lbs and 36D bust size....I usually wear a size 10 jeans and size medium shirt....I hope that helps someone else when ordering...the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because it took 4 weeks to ship....from CHINA! I will try to remember to add photos after I have it hemmed


I purchased The black rose a few months ago, so I took chance on 2 more, they are so short!!!! Comes just to my knees( I am 5'6" ) My 1st one comes between my knees and ankles, very flattering length. I guess quality control is skimping . Afraid to order another, I like the longer length.But still a nice light dress.


I ordered this dress in a XXL. I'm usually a size 16-20, but it still fits loose. The seller refunded me without needing to return it - awesome! I'll find a way to make it work, maybe alteration or something. Good customer service, adorable dress!


I ordered this as a birthday gift for my adult daughter. Like her mother she loves vintage style dresses and this one did not disappoint. The quality was wonderful. The fabric was thick, vibrant colors all round well made. It's casual enough to wear with some cute sandals to dinner and a movie. However I also purchased a purple petticoat to dress it up for her so she has options on how she wants to wear it. We both plan to purchase more of these fun flirty dresses.


This dress was everything I was looking for! I ordered it to my measurements (I'm usually a large in swimsuits and dresses but I double checked) and it fits amazing! I don't have to suck it in the fit in it and it goes to my knees!! I can't tell you how elated I am that I can be comfortable bending over in this dress. Most dresses for women my age are short and immodest to me but this is perfect. I will be ordering another soon! Only downside is I don't have one of those fluffy things (don't remember what they're called), it's flatter than in the picture but still amazing.


I love the dress but it was just a little to small for my taste in the chest area, if you have a little more on top I really recommend going the one size up.  I am a little sad the this vendor did not have more options for pattern in the 3x plus size, The reason being that if I could just do the plus vs. the next size I know it would have fit perfectly. I am kinda upset that the dress I choose and the one similar to it in black did not come in the plus option. This line needs to get more stock in ASAP in the plus option. Other then that the fabric was a good weight and quality, it looks and is cut just like the photo and the sewing of the edges is well done. This dress is good quality and at a great price!


