I know the dresses are in Asian sizing, so you have to order approximately five sizes up to get something that will fit.  (I ordered a 4X, normally wear a medium- for reference)


I loved the red, black, and white dress from the same company, but the purple and black left me disappointed.  The cut of the bodice is very small, creating a waistline directly beneath my bustline. This created a poor silhouette (making my head and shoulders look like a cake topper).  There were massive arm gaping- causing full side exposure of the bust, this was mainly due to the lack of darting in the chest.  (Tops that aren't darted properly don't gather right in the armpits and cause that "side view" gap.)


There were a lot of unfinished seams, which were very uncomfortable.  There was also an odd gathering effect in the back that gave the sensation of being touched on the bum repeatedly. (Startling to say the least)


Fabric quality is thin and poor, and very rough.


5/10, have to get it altered to wear it, would not buy this color again, disappointed.


NOT Acevog. This is a completely different brand and the sizing is clearly not the same as the two ACEVOG dresses I had bought before. I'm keeping it because I'm on a diet anyway, and it's cheap enough that if I can't fit into it by next year, I can give it away. But I'm very, very disappointed.


I absolutely ADORE this dress! I am 5' 5", 125 lbs - I got a size small and it fits me perfectly! The dress comes down to just below my knees but with a pair of wedges it doesn't seem uncomfortably long at all. This style of cut I think is very slimming and flattering but in a very modest way. I'm only 20, but I've babysat my two 4 year old cousins many times and I'd have to say, if i had to wrangle those little monsters and still wanted to look nice for a special occasion (like a wedding, family reunion, graduation, etc.) I'd pick this dress hands down. Another GREAT thing about this dress is that, even though the bodice isn't a super fancy cut, the fact that its not revealing means you can get away with wearing just about any type of bra you want underneath it! I think this is freaking AWESOME because (at least for me) the difference between being comfortable in an outfit all day or feeling self conscious all day is whether or not my ladies (and when I say "my ladies" yes i mean my boobs) are where they are supposed to be! Also, with all the lovely different prints (I got a dark blue floral pattern) I don't feel the need to add too many "extras" like a lot of jewelry or anything! I just look good and feel comfy all day! I've already gotten so many compliments on this dress! hope this review helped! good luck with your dress shopping all!


I really really liked this dress. I got lots of compliments. The dress did not fit me perfectly but I still wore it. I ordered the largest size they had a 4x plus, it was a little big on me but I ordered up because I have a large chest. It was a little snug in the chest but not uncomfortable. The material gaped pretty good around the arms so I wore an undershirt as well. I am 5'1 about 240 pounds, I didn't have to unzip the dress just slide it over, it went to about mid calf. It really is a very pretty dress, material was nice. I have not worn it again but fully intend on having it tailored to fit me better. I would recommend this dress.


For under $30, you can't go wrong. I'm 5'6, 125lb, not very large busted and I ordered a small. Fits perfect. The dress length, from where the "belt" is to the bottom is 26", so if you order a petticoat, don't get a t-length one. The fabric is fairly thin, but feels sturdy enough. I washed it in cold and hung it to dry and none of the colors bled. The "belt" part is actually just extra fabric attached at the sides to tie in the back. The front part of it is sewn as a panel (I don't know technical terms, so I hope this all makes sense).


Great dress. I recommend using a petticoat for a fit and flair look. I will not wear this dress without one


It's simply - beautiful!!!


First I ordered XL, but was too big... Thanx for free returns!!


L is my size and I am going to order dresses in  different colours.


The fabric of this dress is beautiful and good quality. I can only give 3 stars because the dress didn't fit and I'm returning it. It puckers a little bit under the arm and around the neckline. It's not that much of a problem and would have kept it except for the length. It is very short on me. I'm 5'10" and the waist line was pretty much right under my bust. I'm a 36B so that is pretty high. If you are busty, you will need to upsize to accommodate for that. The length was a good 4-5 inches above my knees when standing. That's a really unflattering length for this style dress. I looked like Shirley Temple. Also, it looks a bit limp, you would definitely need a pettycoan under this style dress in my opinion.


I read the reviews and went for the black with red and pink roses. Let me start with the print. It looks amazing! Anyone can look good in it, it's more about the confident attitude that pulls it off. Do you need to be a bad**? No, but meek will not do it justice. It will work for office, church, wedding, or party. With or without a petticoat, although I wear one with. Get ready for the compliments. Not sure what the material lists as, but it is like a cotton fabric, not too thin either. It does have a tie at the waist that goes around back. The waist doesn't sit right under my chest or at my natural waist, might just be me. Simple solution was to add a wide black belt or cinch to it to hide that and for me it made me look more silhouette and that much more fabulous. I am 5 ft 3 and my measurements are chest 38, waist 35, and hips 38. I ordered the XL so I could wear without slimming undergarments. I may have been able to do a lg, but it would have been risky considering its always next Monday that I plan on starting that diet. It was slightly longer than I'd like but my dry cleaner can do hemming no problem. I will be ordering more.


This dress is really fun. The fabric is perfect for a summer dress - good quality weight, light and airy but not see-through, which I can't stand. The colors are very crisp and vibrant with a very white white, a bright yellow with an orange tint, and dark green leaves.


The fit is spot on. I normally wear a size 8. This fits perfect. I am 5'6" 130 lbs, 36" bust, 30" waist. Normally I like to wear more form fitting clothes, but not tight. I prefer this dress with a crinoline. I've never worn a dress with a crinoline other than my wedding dress, but that's what makes this dress so fun to wear. Plus, it gives you a waist if you don't have one lol. Hits a few inches below the knee, even with wearing a crinoline. The waist hits a little high for my taste but that's just the style, and the crinoline helps to balance it out.


Expect to get noticed if you wear this flirty dress!


