The dress was beautifully constructed & would have been my perfect vintage dress for an upcoming event. However, the neckline down to the waist is very short. I am tall & my body is long however I can get away with most waistbands connecting on the upper part of my waist. The waist on this dress came up to the bottom of my bra, fitting like a maternity dress. I would give the dress 5 stars except for the fit. I have ordered a larger size to see if maybe it will fit.


Very short through the body. I am 5'7" and had to add four inches to the shoulders so that the waist was actually at my waist. The fabric is a one-way stretch, which was rather surprising. I was not expecting any stretch. The stretch is around the bodice, which is fine. However, the skirt has the stretch on the bias, which is great.


From the waist down the dress fit (Size was L) but the top part was too big. If it helps I am a size C cup and I have big hips.


I ordered a size larger than I thought based on the chart and the reviews I read. Overall, it could have been worse. Small alterations are going to make this dress fit better.  The only reason I am giving it a 4 star instead of a 5 is because of the fit. The fabric is very soft and easy to iron. The color is a bit brighter than the photo, but I did not mind it at all. Also, the packaging was super chick and lovely. I would most definitely buy again.


I originally ordered a large from another company and although it fit, it was a little loose. I ordered the medium from here before I sent the large back. The fit is so awesome. These are the best pictures I can take, being that no one is available to take them for me. Each picture I have on a petticoat underneath. Without it, it just kinda hangs long.


I ordered up a size as suggested by others and it fits perfectly! I got this dress for an upcoming spring wedding and I am so happy with it; it would also make a great date dress! The fabric and sewing seem to be a good quality. I am waiting on the petticoat for underneath, but honestly I feel like I could wear the dress without it and it would be just fine. I will absolutely be ordering this dress in other styles and I'll recommend it to all my sisters and friends, as well!


The material was a decent quality and the flowers were pretty. However, this dress fit strangely. It was as if the neckline was too big. The belt didn't sinch the waist or tighten the chest so it looked strange. The length was perfect for me (just below the knee but above the top of the calf). I'm 5'3" and 135 lbs. Pretty small waist and chest but I'm not sure it would work even for a bigger chest. The extra room was above the bust line. Again, strange.


cute in theory but didnt really like the dress in person (i got the yellow flower dress with green). the neckline didn't really translate . i suggest a different vendor if u like the style. I'm 36 bust, 28 waist, 135 lbs pear shaped, b-cup (usually a size small on top) and the small didn't fit quite right (kinda big and made me look wide/bulky).


Love this dress. I ordered two of these dresses a size up because of the reviews and I wish I didn't. I have to return the other one, and I already ordered it again in a small. I am 5' 7" and weigh 135lbs. I am 34-27-38 and the dress is true to size. The one I kept fits well but not too tight. I got a ot of compliments on it. It's good for any age. Classy, timeless, and beautiful. I ordered 3 more from this company. I know I'll love the small when I get it.


Such a bargain.  I don't write a lot of review but felt I needed to write about this dress.  I LOVE IT!  It is flattering,light weight, and can be dressed up with heels or dressed down with flats and a cardigan.  I was sceptical because the price was low, and I have purchased other items that the sizing was way off.  This was true to size (I'm no petite girl, I'm 5'10 size 18) and I'm glad I ordred it.  I will post pictures after the event I purchased this dress for.


Gorgeous fit! Great fabric, print and quality made. Based on the picture I was concerned that the two red roses would line up like that on the tummy area... but every dress is made with different parts of the pattern, so that wasn't the case in the actual dress. And since the dress isn't made with lining, the seams inside feel a bit rough to the skin. But nothing a slip can't handle. I'm 5'1", 122 lbs. Small fit me perfectly.


