Like everyone said go up 2 sizes.... That being said it fits so great and is very well made. Normally I'm a size 14 but I ordered a 2xl but if you are very tall you may want it in a larger size I'm only 5'3


Gorgeous and flattering on my 12/14 figure! I plan to order another in a different color when I can find an excuse to. :)


The color looks black but it is navy blue.  It shrank one size after just one wash and I did not put in the dryer.  It would be fine if you order two sizes larger and expect navy blue with yellow flowers.


The dress is for people that are not large on top. I'm 44d so to get dress to fit my top then the rest is large. It doesn't look that good . It would be perfect for small size


great dress that fit wonderfully. My only complaint would be that the material is a little cheap looking. However, you get what you pay for. Being that this dress was under $25, I didnt expect it to be the best material. It looks great on and its comfortable.


What a terrific dress this is. You can order whatever is close to your size b/c of this material. It's stretchy. The fabric lends itself to being a perfect fit, as well as complete long-wear comfort. AND I love a vintage looking dress.


I knew it runs in the smaller size.  So I ordered according to their measurement chart.  Very flattering.  I got a lot of compliments.  Hard to find modest length A line dresses in the stores, so I ordered a second one, different fabric.  Great deal!


It's a little longer than I expected it to be.


The fitting is strange as the chest area is still tight for a Large and the waist area a little too loose.


But it is still a cute spring dancing dress.


I was not sure how it was going to fit when it got here but it fit PERFECTLY! You will need a petticoat for it to achieve that puffiness. . .but it's a cute look even without it. I got alot of compliments.


gorgeous color and fit, (***I ORDERED 2 SIXES LARGER THAN MY NORMAL SIZE BASED ON OTHER REVIEWS AND OTHER DRESSES I'VE BOUGHT ON AMAZON***) so flattering. Wore with a little black lace jacket. Awesome price and product. thank you!!


