I bought this dress over the winter and it is the perfect weight for the colder seasons. It hits me a few inches below the knee (but I'm also short). I really love this dress, but the only complaint I have is that the second time I went to wear it, the zipper broke! I will try to fix it because I just love this dress so much.


I read most of the reviews so I knew to buy a size over what I usually wear and this dress fits perfectly. (It also makes sense to follow the size chart). I absolutely loved the packaging (this small neat bag) and the dress is exactly as seen here and the colors just as vibrant. Why I didn't give it 5 stars was because I didn't like how I looked when I put it on, but it usually takes me a while to warm up to new styles (I am not usually a fan of floral prints).


I ordered a size small. I'm 5'4" and 120lbs. The dress fits great and is lovely. The photos I took are fresh out of the packaging so it is a little wrinkled but I'm sure it will iron out fine. I bought a petticoat and cardigan separately to go with it.


I love the way this fits and looks!  I wear a size 6 and I ordered a small and it fits nicely.  The material is nice and well made.  It does need pressing, but it will look nice once it is.  I will be wearing it to an upcoming party and found a pair of shoes that will match perfectly!


I love how versatile this dress is! It can be made casual with a few accessories and flats or made dressy with heels and pearls. I am 5 7, 130 pounds and a size small fits perfectly (fitted but also roomy enough to breath and feel comfortable). It pinches at the waist and the bottom of the dress flares down beautifully.  The material of the dress is of good quality and it has lasted through a few washes without any signs of "wear & tear".


Received a completely different dress. Felt very cheap and overall dress was not flattering it was awful. Printed return in under five minutes of opening the package. Very disappointed don't know if I will attempt to get the right one.


Very nice dress! Cut was perfect for me, and material was comfortable! The pattern was a little brighter in person (the orange in particular) than it was on my computer screen, but that is expected to a certain extent.  I am 5'8", and wear a 16/18 - this fell just below my knee, and fit very well overall.  I wouldn't recommend this if you carry your weight in your abdomen, but if you're like me and carry it in your hips/legs, this is a great choice!


Beautiful dress! The waist is a little higher than expected and the overall length is longer than I thought it would be but its still very pretty and comfortable. Nice thin material. The chest area has seems that a a little pointed but with the right bra I hope that will not be noticeable. It deffinatly looks better with a petticoat if you are shorter like me. I'm 5'2 175lbs and I ordered an XL.


Good fit, great length, great fabric. Wore it to an outdoor wedding and it was comfortable all day in the heat and sun, and I got tons of compliments on it.It's not too often that a 60-ish woman has her twenty-something nieces asking where they could get the same dress, but this one did it! I got the color "red" which is the white background with red and black flowers, the style is actually "Garden Party" - there's three different styles in this one listing, so my review doesn't necessarily apply to the Rockabilly or Cocktail styles.


i am 5'6" a DD cup and 200 lbs.Usually grab 1XL in stores... since reviews read that the dresses ran small... i wanted to make sure it fit. SO just in case, i bought it 2 sizes up and it fit perfectly. if it was true to size, i would give it a 5 star. Thick material, well made, and it stretches too!.


i hope the details i gave helps.....


now, if you are a thin girl, - my daughters usually wear a small.... so i ordered a medium... and it fit like a glove. order 1 size up, not 2.!


