I'm 6 months pregnant and 5'3" got the XL fits PERFECT. I also bought the 50s style petticoat for $12 to go with it and it's awesome. I have 2 pics without the petticoat and 2 pics with it on. Just gives it that extra volume and elegance. Will be buying an XXL for Christmas time in blue


Absolutely adorable. I bought the white one with the cherries and green floral stuff. I can sew and this dress would not be hard to make, but for this price.... It would cost me a most as much to buy the fabric and zipper. The simple clean lines of the dress also make it very easy to tailor to fit. The fabric has a little bit of stretch to make it comfortable. Proper undergarments will need to be worn under the dress. I am happy with it. Only thing is I wish it has a side zipper instead of back.


It is so beautiful, but doesn't fit right. The midsection is perfect, but under arms and darts are too big, will have to be tailored - but I think it might be worth it! The fabric feels nice and sturdy and the stitching seems to be good.


I deducted a star for the fit as I will have to have it tailored. I believe the Chinese sizes are for different body types.


Ok so to be honest, this has to be the cheapest made dress that I have ever bought in my entire life!  Online or in person! It literally feels like curtains from pollester! Nasty!  Wrinkles that are impossible to get out!  I am not wearing this crap


I usually wear a 20 but I was afraid it would be too small so I ordered a 3x. It was too small.  I thought it was a fluke so I ordered the 4x.  They are the same size!  Really cute dress though.


I ordered this dress a size larger just to make sure it fit. Of course when it finally arrives it's too small. I tried returning it for a full refund and the company will only issue a $3.51 refund. Very disappointed and disgusted. I wouldn't even bother purchasing this garbage.


Probably one of the best online dress purchases I ever made.... it was for a 50's style wedding and I wore a red petticoat under it and EVERYBODY complimented me on it. Love, love, love the dress!!!!!!


Very cute dress. I ordered the black with the red cherries and its flattering on my short chunky busty body. I have not worn it any place yet but it seems quite comfortable when I tried it on. Now I need red pumps! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the dress I ordered came out of China and took over 2 weeks to arrive. It spent over a week going from place to place in China. My sister in law teases that it was traveling by rickshaw :( funny Hana as it did not arrive in time for my nieces wedding rehearsal dinner party. It's satin but a good weight for the low price and well made. I will double check next time I order to make sure it's not disturbed from China.


I cannot explain to you how many compliments I received on this dress...and I wear dresses and heels EVERY DAY.  This dress was A HIT! It fits so beautifully, and it is so comfortable.  My measurements are 37, 29, 40, and I'm about 5'3...it's hard to find things that fit my curvy body and are flattering, but this was beautiful!  I ordered a medium and it fits me perfectly!  The material is thin (you could see my white bra through the dress), so make sure you have appropriate underwear to go with it.  Seriously, take the risk and order it.  I ordered 4 so far and can't wait to wear them!


I got this dress for a costume, and purchased the tulle crinoline in yellow to go with it. First off, it was THREE WEEKS EARLY!!!!! Talk about under promise and over deliver! When I received it, it was sealed in a high-quality bag, and was as pictured. I am size 14, 38C, 5'7" and probably just 200lbs. I ordered the Extra Large, and it fit SO PERFECTLY. With the crinoline, it gave me the tiniest little waist, and I sometimes have trouble with arm holes being snug and rubbing, not so with this dress. I can't tell you how much I love this dress, and how anxious I was before it arrived. The yellow flowers are super pretty, and once I iron it and replace the cheap zipper with a sturdier model, it will be the best costume I've ever worn!!!!! THANK YOU!!!!


