This dress is amazing. It fit fabulously and looked amazing on. I wore it with a petticoat to give it that extra lift and it was perfect. I am definitely buying in other designs.


This is a nice summer dress. I am 5'6", weigh 135lbs. and the Medium is a good fit. The armholes are a little big, though.


I received my dress today and I LOVE IT!!! I ordered a size L and it fit perfectly! I went by the chart at the bottom not the one at the top. The dress has a little stretch but not much. The dress looks great by itself but will look even better with petticoat underneath. I will definitely be ordering more.


I'm 5'6 and I'm between a 16-18. I purchased a XXL just to be safe and it fit perfect! I bought 3 different prints lol absolutely love these dresses!!! Best thing ive bought all year, and the quality is great too.


Love love love this dress. Fit is true to size. I am 5'6 130 lbs I ordered a Medium.. Material was great.. I order the crinoline skirt to wear underneath and added my own sash to jazz it up!! I plan on ordering more!!


Looks better than I expected


 Cute for the price. Looks best with a petticoat.


Very pretty dress. Be aware that it requires ironing and cannot be dried in the dryer or it will shrink.


I really admire 50’s style dresses. Unfortunately they look so nice that people think that you have to have a special occasion to wear them. So I looked at my calendar and found that the next holiday was St. Patrick’s Day. I started looking on Amazon with the intention of buying a green dress. I could not be happier with my dress. First off I want to go over the material. The material is 65% cotton and 35% spandex. The material is thick and hearty. The amount of spandex is unnoticeable by look but you can feel the stretch of the fabric if you pull on it. When I got the package in the mail the dress was folded very neatly. As to be expected it came with creases from being folded. The tag says that you can hand wash cold but that you have to lay it flat to dry. I… did not do that. I dried it in the dryer and then I tumbled it about three times because I kept forgetting about the laundry. The dress came out fine. I am sure that if I did that consistently it would be bad on the dress. I measured myself before I chose a size and I fit best in a medium. The dress was true to size. I had to clip a few strings but it was not much of a bother. I wore this dress with an A line petticoat. This is very important. I already had three bell petticoats but had to order an A line to fit with the dress. Overall I think that this dress is a good buy for the money. I would recommend it for anyone who wants an affordable 50’s style dress without sacrificing quality.


I bought this dress for a religious convention and was very satisfied with how quick it arrived and how great it looked on.


I added a belt and a blazer. I am looking to buy a couple more dresses like this.


This was my first Amazon purchase & I was a bit sceptical but I'm a fan now.


Beautiful dress, great material, modest length (nearly to my ankles because I'm 5'1), and can be worn anywhere! I totally recommend this dress if you love vintage and modest fashion choices.


