My measurements are 34bust/28waist/33hips, I weigh 125lbs and am 5'4". The small fit VERY WELL. It was a tiny bit loose in the bust, which i expected because eveything is, so i threw it in the washed it in hot water and dried it on high and it is now PERFECT. It literally looks as though i had it tailored to me. The fabric is a decent weight stretch cotton so it does shrink some (depending on how you wash/dry it) but not a lot. I would say that mine shrunk about 3/4 inch. I wanted it to shrink so thats why I washed it on hot and put it in the dryer.


I followed the size chart that is listed in the product description by the vendor, NOT the Amazon size chart link at the top of the page. As the vendor states DO NOT follow the Amazon size chart, follow theirs.


The dress has a nice full skirt to it. Without a petticoat it just hangs but still looks wonderful. For $12 I also purchased the 


. It looks great with that petticoat! The flowers on the dress appear in the picture to be red, but they are more of a pink/red. They are still very nice looking and I really love this dress! I bought this on a Wednesday at 330pm and upgraded my regular Prime shipping to the $3.99 one day shipping so i could get it by Friday but it actually came by 8PM on Thursday!


 I intended to wear it for Valentines Day but now the forecast says its going to be 10 degrees so we'll just see about that! Buy this dress you'll love it. If you have Prime its so easy to return if you don't like it so there's nothing to lose!


Dresses from this line are hit and miss, in terms of sizing. I've ordered three, for myself, in plus sizes. Thus far, only one has fit perfectly (luckily, that was my Christmas dress); the other two were much smaller — perhaps depending on the cut. One must have knowledge of cut, bias, gathers, and the resultant fit of the garments. Having been inattentive to those features, for myself, I've ordered three or four, for my eldest daughter, who is 5'7", and generally wears a medium. I read the size charts, and have ordered the large size for her. All have fit perfectly. I sense the plus sizes may just run smallish, when a high neckline or other cuts not suited to a larger woman are selected. As to quality: I prefer cotton, yes — these dresses are, on the whole, VERY inexpensively made. Unfortunately, this lack of craftsmanship is too often evident, in the finished product: the majority of the garment is a simple straight stitch, with few top stitches (if any); zippers tend to be plastic (odiously NOT vintage); there is no underlining at all. In sum, these dresses are not expensive — so don't expect much, in terms of quality. They are, however, very pretty, and can be fun for very casual occasions.


I have the ACEVOG Vintage 1950s dress in Red&Black, size Small.  I love the dress, the price of $24 is fantastic, the fabric is pretty and NOT see-through at all, it has a nice amount of stretch.  I am 5'4", 110 pounds, about a size 6 and 34A, and the Small fits perfectly.  I had only one issue: the hem fell about 3" lower in the front and back than it does on the sides.  I have a straight figure, so it is possible a more hour-glassy woman would not have this issue, since her curves would lift the front and back of the skirt a bit.  For me, I needed to hem the skirt to get it more even in length.  The stretchy fabric is difficult to hem.  Hemming it up 3" made the skirt fall above the knee.  The belt is attached at a raised waistline, about 2 inches above the natural waist for me.  I think the raised waistline is flattering for most women since it conceals the belly.  I have pictured the dress both with and without a petticoat to show how it falls.  It should be a great dance dress, with the full skirt and slight give to the fabric for movement.  It is necessary to iron this dress after washing.


The top is tight as per other reviews. I decided to exchange for a larger size and got from another seller since it was cheaper $19, since I'm top heavy. I'm 5'3 Size 10, 44D Got the Medium. Othewise, what a beauty especially I'm picky with loose baloon like skirt. I Ordered the 50s vintage peticoat. will update with photos with it.


I bought this myself and paid full price.


It's pretty dress, but it doesn't really look like the picture, which depicts a longer, fuller skirt. This is about knee-length on me, and I was expecting at least mid-calf or lower. I bought a large, which fits just about perfectly. I'm a USA size 6 on top and a 4 on the bottom (5'5 and 125 lbs). The colors are vibrant. For the price, I am happy with it, but the hem is maybe a centimeter, and the zipper is a little fussy.


It would be really cute on someone younger paired with a tulle petticoat. At this price, you can have more than one, and they are really cute.


Ok here is my honest review. My mom and I bought two of these dresses(1 each) just to see how they were becuase they are very cute. After reading all the other reviews after seeing all the pictures we hesitantly placed our orders. My mom ordered a 4X, I ordered the XXL both anticipating the sizing to be small. The XXL has not arrived but we received the 4X today. It is no where mear a 4X. It is nowhere near a 2X. It is honestly a 14/16 becuase I am able to wear it. So based on that the XXL I bought will not fit me.


I wear a Size 14 jeans and XL shirt and XL in dresses. I believe my measurements are around 42,36,42 ish. I know my waist is 36 for sure. So since there is such a variation of sizing facts out there I guess you'll have to take a gamble like us.


The fabric is way nicer than I expected. It's not lined but it is not thin and even has some stretch to it. No flaws in the sewing and style is veru flattering to my shape. I am 5'8 and the dress comes right below my knees. So other than the sizing this dress is amazing for the price and i would buy another one. So now I have to figure out what to do with my XXL.


***Update***


I forgot to to do this later. The XXL fit me beautifully which was a shock becuase when I held it up with the 4X they were the exact same size. I looked at the tags they were completely different brands and my mom bought them both off this very sales listing. So please be mindful when you pick your size. Read all the reviews and I guess hope for the best. I love both these dresses I want to buy another but which size do I get? A XXL or 4X becuase theh both fit me lol.


I've purchased several dresses (especially vintage style) from ACEVOG, and usually I'm not disappointed.  Sometimes they fit a little too snugly across the chest, or the length is shorter than expected.  This is the first time I've had to deal with the problem of a dress from ACEVOG fitting too loosely.  As a well-endowed woman (40DDD), and typically a size 18-20, I ordered the 2XL (based on past purchases from this brand).  This dress is adorable, and I had really high hopes for it.  Unfortunately, the arm holes gaped open (much to my surprise), and even though there's a tie-back belt to make the waist more fitted, the dress just looked a bit sloppy with how loose it was.  Also, the length was a bit shorter than expected.  I prefer my dresses to at least fall to the knee, preferably below, and I thought this was more along the "below the knee" lines.  However, at 5'7", this dress fell a couple of inches above the knee in the front/back, and slightly higher on the sides (the hem isn't exactly even all the way around).


I'll still purchase ACEVOG dresses in the future, but I had to return this one for the terrible fit.


I purchased a number of these in Medium but am keeping four. Just so you know, these are not uniform in fabric or fit. Some fit me fine, while others are quite large under the arms. It's kind of hit and miss. I'm 5'6" 140 lbs., smaller on top than bottom. This is a VERY flattering style for the somewhat pear shaped woman, but seems to work well with a lot of body types. I ordered the cherry pattern in black as well as white and notice that the fabric is different. The white one seems to have a higher cotton content, but is thinner and wrinkles more easily. Both are so cute and reminiscent of a 50s motif. Couldn't resist for the nostalgia alone. Also, am keeping the solid black and the light green with the Asian looking flowers. Both fit me fine. If you're a little bigger in the arms or bust, I think you'll be happy with the yellow floral and the white with black polka dots. I loved them both, but alas, they were huge in the bust/arm area. There's a photo of a more curvy woman wearing both and she looks adorable. These are fun, affordable summer dresses. I think I'll live in them!


The cut of this dress is unflattering, on my body type. My bf said it looked like Grandma's curtains. The material is hard cotton, prone to wrinkling. I have a ruffled petticoat to wear under, but honestly, I look pregnant in this dress. Im a plus size girl and carry my weight in middle section. If your pear or apple shaped, this is awkwardly shaped. The arm opening are HUGE, as in you should have a sweater covering w you. I guess, if your into sewing there could be a project for you in this dress. I'm disappointed for sure. I will donate this dress, I had purchased it for my bd. It didn't work out.


Gorgeous dress. I ordered the small.  I weigh about 120 and am 5'7.  Just perfect!  The hemming on the bottom was a little crooked, but not something anyone will notice.  Not worth taking a star from.


