5' 3" 140# and I ordered a medium. This dress is the perfect fit! Great length, colors and pattern are really bright and crisp. Fabric feels good quality and sturdy. I ironed on high heat with steam and dress looks just like the picture. Fits like a glove in the top and waist and looks adorable with a petticoat. Definitely going to buy this brand again!


It is a cute dress, and a great price...as long as you do not have a large chest. I wear a DD bra, and got this in a 4x and it was still squishing the girls. I am a 'curvy girl' so unfortunately there were no options for me to size up on this dress. But if you are a smaller girl, and can size up...do it, it's cute.


Lovely dress made of sturdy,  comfortable materials.  The shape of flattering and the pattern  is beautiful.  I showed this dress to my mother and she wants one as well! These dresses fit well and the plus sizes mean that ladies with extra curves can dress up in something that isn't a glorified tent.


A wee bit surprised that I could buy a beautiful dress like this for so little. (Don't raise your price, Seller).


Good quality. Beautiful print. And fits like a glove!


Buy one or 4. I am!


Fits as expected, live so much I purchased 2 dresses. Added the petticoat for the vintage look.


Beautiful dress. The material is stretchy and forgiving, not too thin either. I am 5'6", 133lbs, 36C. Fits comfortably, it's not tight across the bust, but it could be if you're bigger than a D cup. A petticoat is needed for the fuller look.


I meant to order this in black. The flower pattern is horrendous. Like Kim Kardashian 9 months pregnant at the Met gala. Yikes. The fit was really cool though.


this dress was poorly made. It looked like something a high school student made in sewing class. The sizing is way off as well. I order a size bigger to make sure it would fit and when it arrived it was about 4 sizes too small. When I contacted the seller I was basically told too bad, the sizing in China is different then in United States. They would not send a replacement in correct size and would only offer me 20% refund. I am now stuck with a poorly made, too small dress.


Sooooo pretty. I am 5'11" 220 and my measurements are 48 38 47 inches. I got the 3x and I thought the top was a little big, but I put it in the dryer for a little while and it was better. You've got to iron out to collar and sleeve hems because they bunch up.


I LOVE this dress! It fits me perfectly! I purchased a petticoat for underneath and it makes the skirt so full and beautiful. I feel like a 50's housewife in this and it's amazing. I would suggest only purchasing these dresses from Prime options only as it doesn't come from China and it guaranteed return. I did pay for one day shipping on this package and it did not arrive in the time I paid for. I will request a refund on that as it is disappointing to pay for one day shipping and not receive the package on time.


