So cute and flattering love the pattern too. I am a curvy girl and I love this dress.


Heavy material.  Well made.  Great stitching. Great figure flattering dress.


The dress arrived 2.5 weeks earlier than the earliest estimated date, so that was a nice surprise. It is much higher quality than I expected for the price (e.g., nicely hemmed, thicker material with a bit of stretch). I had been planning to wear a black belt with the dress, but there is a sash in the back that prevents that. I don't mind though because the sash allows you to pull in the waist and makes it fit nicely.


Love it! Nice med weight fabric. Stretchy which allows a little give, it's not choking tight! Very comfortable. Will buy from this vendor again


I actually love the dress...BUT it is at least 2 sizes too small. I ordered a 3X with long sleeves. The packaging says it is a XXXL but it fits like a 1x at the most...I could barely get it over my head let alone on my body. I am so sad...it is a beautiful dress and well-made. I am going to try and find a friend to give it to...doesn't seem worth it to return it.


A beautiful copy of the most classic dress of that era. It looks good on and the fabric was well thought before it was sewn together. That is due to the fact that there is none of that scratchy fabric feeling in any part of the dress. A great nostalgic look for a fraction of what you might pay elsewhere.


I love this dress, but it definitely runs small. So go one size up from your normal. I had to send back for a bigger size. I ordered a small, I am usually a size 4/6, but needed the Medium. The quality is great for the price and the color was spot on. Navy/white polka dot.


Gorgeous dress, true to size. The material is not flimsy at all and feels well-made. It gives a flattering shape and I love the print!


This dress is gorgeous. Just as in the pictures the blue flowers pop out beautifully. The material and very comfortable and it's a perfect length. As a short person it is sometimes hard to wear a long dress but this one brings out your figure and the length doesn't make you look any shorter.


The dress is gorgeous but I am 5'4 and size 0 , 112 lbs. This dress was extremely tight in a small and long. It comes between my calf and ankle. I will pay to get it shortened but kind of disappointed .


