I have a hard time finding dresses I really like but this one is one of the best. It's a perfect fit. I love this dress, I look forward to getting more from this brand!! <3


nice dress


Love it exactly what I wanted and true to size


Perfect amazing dress just sized up one size love it will order again for sure


I usually wear a large, but I followed the measurements on the size chart and ordered an XX-Large. It fits.


Bought this dress for an afternoon garden party style wedding. It was a hit. So many compliments!


I will definitely buy another.


Beautiful. I love it!


I receive my order yesterday and I love it fits very comfortable I will be buying again I'm 208 pounds 5,9 inches and I oder 2X everything is perfect 5 star


I absolutely love this dress.  The fabric design is stunning and I feel so pretty in it.  However, I am a size 40 in the bust so I ordered an XL But I dont think they factor in the cup size or something is not right because I wear a size 40 C in bras and they fit perfectly. But in order to fit in this dress I have to where a sports bra or a cammie with shelf bra because it is just too tight in the chest with my regular bra.  I would have ordered the XXL to be safe but it was not available for this design but I loved the colors so much and the overall design of the dress,  I just couldnt resist trying the XL. In most cases that is the perfect size for me in US sizes actually I can usually get by with a US womens LG  but I know that these dresses run a little small so I though that I was safe with the XL.  If it wasnt so costly to return, I probably would have but last time I tried to return something to China it was more in postage than what I paid for the item so it wasnt worth it.  Anyway I am thinking I am going to keep it and continue to wear it with the sports bra. If they are not willing to work something out with me.  It just makes me look a little flatter than I really am but I think it still like it. I am 5' 3" and short waisted so I can pull it off but it would be nicer if it was the right size.  I decided to order the solid forest green dress that is on this same page. That one is available in XXL so hopefully it will fit better.  It has a different cut for the neckline so I dont think I could get away with a sports bra so I am sure that one size bigger will do the trick. For the price I think it is worth the risk. I will update this comment when I get the green one.


I looled nicer in the pic


