This dress is beautiful and has great fabric. It helped complete my daughter's Retro Themed Theater Banquet outfit....


The dress is extremely thin and the material is not the best quality, however It is comfortable.


The dress is to small and I though the materiel was different. It just didn't look like it was in the picture.


The material is very thin. It seems you are paying for the pattern more then the fabric. I am suprised because some reviews said they got a thick material. Maybe they got a different material dress then me? Weird. Also this runs really big. Normally I am Womens XL i orded an xl and it was like an XXXL. Another thing to point out, on the piucture of the black dress, which is the one I ordered, it shows lace at the bottom of the dress. THIS DRESS DOESNT NOT CONTAIN ANY UNDER LAYER. NO LACE, NO FRILLS, NO PETTICOAT. This discovery was rather upsetting. This dress needs and kinda falls flat with out some time of under layer.


I love my dress. I wear it to church and gets all kinds of compliments on my dress. I wore my dress to a wedding and told them where I bought the dress.


I bought XXL for room for my chest; but all the excess fabric was in the skirt. I couldn't zip up the dress and my chest was smashed in the front.


It was absolutely perfect!!!!


The fit was for a Barbie doll i wear a large the cut was so small it wouldn't zip.


Very happy!!!!


Thank You!!!


I like how the dress looks on me for the most part but I think it might be more flattering on a woman with a more full chest. (I'm a full B.) Unless I made my shoulders go all the way back, the front top of the dress bubbled out a bit which made my necklace impossible to see. (I know that's how I should have my posture anyway...) I tried to wear the dress to work but I have to type and bringing my arms in front of me to reach the computer made the sides of the dress at the arm holes cut into my arms. I had a red line on my right arm for two days after. It hurt! This dress will only be worn for short periods of time from now on.


