I really like the dress its a great fit and being busty up top I like how it covers.


Only things I wish I could change: the ties in the back are short-hard to make a bow I just tie it in a knot tho and I wish the dress was longer like tea length but it still a fabulous dress, fun w/ red heels :)


I love this dress! it is so cute. It hits me a little below the knee and I am 5'7. I usually wear size 16 or 18 US size and ordered this in 3XL and it fits perfectly. The material is not very thin and not too thick. I think I will be able to wear these dresses during the fall also with tights. I pair it with a white cardigan sweater and red pumps. It has the perfect flare to it on me already. I don't wear it with the underskirt.


I am 5'6", 115lb, so I suspected the small may be a bit tight. Surprisingly the fabric is a little stretchy but soft (not cheap) and the shape is very fitting right under the bust. The length goes right over my knees, and fit me perfectly. I got the apricot/floral design, and I definitely think it fits the picture (though the picture does make it seem more gold and bright red).


My wife LOVES this dress! Before purchasing the dress my wife read all the reviews and took the advice of ordering a size larger and she's glad she did because it runs a little small. The dress is well made and is looking forward to buying  another one in a different color and print.


This is such a beautiful dress! I'm 5'10, 34"bust, 30"waste, 40"hips. I ordered the small and it fit perfectly. I ordered the White Vintage Floral with the Purple flowers on March 17, and received it by March 21. Just in time for Easter. I got so many compliments.


The only negative I have is that it wrinkles and it takes a long time to iron. But other than that, it's a great buy!!


The only thing that even kind of bothers me about this dress, is that the top portion the fabric is tight, and the hem for it is long at the top.


Otherwise I love this dress so much. Super cute, lots of compliments, and a great fit.


Said it fit as expected because I ordered a size up and intended to adjust it but arm holes are odd, too big so they create a gap around the bust.  It's darling and paired with a jacket it's fine. It's perfect for wearing with a petticoat.


Order was placed on January 19,2016, received on April 20, 2016. The dress took forever, even though it took forever the quality and the fit is flattering it is a beautiful dress.  xl will be a perfect fit  for  bust 38" waist 32" hips 40"


I love the fabric and print of this dress and for the price I paid it was definitely worth it.  My only complaints are that it is a tad long, should say in the description that it is "tea length."  I'm 5' 4" and it hits me about mid calf, which is fine as I had read the reviews and was expecting it to be long, I just think it should explain this in the description of the dress.  My other complaint is the fit of the top, the neck line was a bit awkward and didn't lay flat, it kind of "bubbled" up.


Other than those 2 slight problems I love the dress, and it was perfect for my brothers garden wedding.  As I lose a bit of weight I will be buying more of these dresses.


I love this dress! I'm 5'11" and 145'lbs I ordered a M and it fits perfectly! The dress isn't to short, true to size, comfortable, and breathable. I def recommend buying this dress! You can dress it down or up depending on what you need it for. I have gotten TONS of complements and questions on where I had boughten it every time I have worn it.


