Did fit well even though I ordered an XL, the neck would not lay flat and the middle was not sown straight. It didn't look right


I normally buy a 6 or 8 in dresses. This fits nearly perfect, a little short waisted however, as though for a petite.


The length hits just below the knee, as I am about 5'4".  The color is not as Aqua  as it appears in the


picture, but still very pretty. . . And, yes, I did get compliments on it.


I read the reviews and it seemed I should order a size up, which I did and it was a good fit. Its a very pretty dress with a cute retro style. I'm going to order this in a different pattern because I love the dress.


Perfect!! My husband didn't want me to even order it because he thought it was"too busy", but the minute I put it on he said "that's so pretty!" It arrived early, fit perfectly and converted my husband, priceless! Ordering another


I ordered this dress for my daughter and she looked absolutely beautiful in it!!  I suggest you order a size up like others have suggested.  The dress fit her perfectly!!


The dress arrived about a week earlier than anticipated, which was a definite bonus because I had a weekend out of town planned with my hubby and wanted something new to wear. The material is somewhat thin but for the price, was what I expected. Not bad. I'll just need to wear a cami and slip underneath. Very pretty print and fits very well. I'm giving it 4 stars because I do think the zipper could be more sturdy/secure. I may replace the zipper at a later date. Thankfully that is a fairly easy fix.


Dress was beautiful and well made. It was a little tight around my bust and a little big in the shoulders. I am trying to figure out how I can return this. Also has a nylon zipper in the back very difficult for me to zip due to arthritis. Would like instructions on how to return this. Thank you.


I love this dress. Be careful not to spill on it, don't use spot treatment on it.  Cold hand wash!!!  Mine bleed a little of the black ink on the white part. So many compliments!!!!!


This dress was a hit at a Tea Party!  I am usually a large but I bought an extra large and it was a little big, but not big enough to send back.  Its a great stretchy material and a great bargain for the price.


Nice dress. Fit was good.  Material quality was not as totally expected. Although material is stretchy it gives the appearance that material will fade out after a few washes.Neckline is high.


