Dress is so cute and very flattering! I'm a huge fan of Lindy Bop but they are expensive. Although this dress is not lined it lays nicely and has just enough stretch to hug curves. It falls a few inches below my knee and could easily be hemmed, if desired. I followed the bust and waist measurements on the chart to choose a size since I am pear shaped; the hip measurement didn't matter with the A line skirt. I ordered a Larege since I am usually a 10-12size. 5'3", 170lbs, 36D and it fits perfectly


Was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of this dress for the price I paid.  I wore it to a formal evening wedding and EVERYONE LOVED IT.  I always go by measurements and the size charts when buying.  I am 5'9" and am 135lbs.  Had I been any smaller this one would have been to big but as was it fit perfect.


I am plus size... 6' tall and weigh 210 lbs. Fits great my bust which is 43" ... This dress fits me great and it hides by 47" wide hips and big bottom... while at the same time flattering my waist ... my waist is 33" and in this dress, with a different wide elastic belt, it looks 29" ... very retro! :-) Love it!


I was very surprised that the fit was perfect. The reviews helped me get the size. I am a us 16 so I ordered the 2 x. The slight stretch in the fabric allows easy movement and a flattering fit. Would definitely order again from this seller. Item came very quickly and was packaged vey well. I am very happy with my purchase.


Wow, this dress! It's so much nicer than you would expect for the price. The fabric has a little weight to it. It's not cheap lightweight stuff at all. It has just a little stretch, which is nice. At 5'7" and 230 lbs, the 2XL fits very well - it would fit perfectly at about 225 lbs, I think. That's doable!


This is a very cute dress. The fit is nice, much as I expected. The top is a bit loose but that's not the dress's fault. (I'm pear shaped) The fabric is a bit thin, but it seems very sturdy. I'll have to be cautious of dark undergarments but that's to be expected with white clothing. Overall it's a very nice dress with a great fit and a cute style. I'm very pleased with this purchase. :)


I love this dress, and it fits well. I get so many compliments while wearing this style of dress, that I may buy even more than the 3 I already have, plus a "40's" style that's on the way.


This particular brand seems to be a better quality than some others. ( bought one on ebay, and far from being cotton, it turned out to be Rayon, I think, which translates to; "hot sticky mess", in the Tidewater region of Virginia!)


My hopes weren't set high, even though I read many positive reviews prior to purchasing. I have had my heart broken by postively reviewed dresses that ship from China befor but NOT THIS TIME! I was so excited to open it up, it came in a nice plastic bag, the material has stretch and isnt too thin or like that plastic material real cheap dresses can be made from, and it fit! I'm a size 16 in dresses, large chest (Hcup) and hips and it fit like a glove! The only downside was it took about a month oto ship, but well worth the wait if you aren't in a hurry!


This is good for people with long torsos and necks.  I'm going to end up pulling the skirt up at the waistband and sewing it and then cutting a slit in the neck and folding the neck in to form a triangle at the bust.  Still, it's a steal and I got the package SUPER quick!  Definitely planning on ordering from this seller again.


