Overall the dress fits fine, except for the neck line. It is quite roomy and seems like some fabric should of been cut out. The dress is cute and I would recommend to friends & family.


I'm 5'10", 165 lbs, usually wear a size 10/12, and the large fit like a dream. I'm tall, but it hit right at the knees, where it should, without a petticoat. The fabric isn't see-through, though on this white/red/black colorway, I would recommend light undergarments just in case.


Love this dress. The material does not feel cheap, nor is it see through. It also has a good bit of stretch to it. I do have to knock off a star though because for me the top was cut a little tight. I'm a 36DDD, and I did order a large in the hopes it would stretch at the top and fit my waist. It does stretch but I can't say its the most comfortable. A size up might have been better but I wanted it to be fitted at the waist without modifying it.


This dress fits a little large. I ordered my size first and it was way too big, so I ordered down a size. Fits perfectly now! (Note: This may not be the case if you have a large bust or waist.)


So cute! I get compliments on it every time I wear it. The only problem is that it isn't wash and wear. You definitely need to iron it after washing. People still like it even when it's a wrinkly hot mess though


I like it, but it wasn't long enough on me. Though I did check out the other buyers' photos, I guess it fit shorter because of my height - I am 5'9" and the dress is above my knee. I wanted it to fit me about 2" below my knee. It is advertised as a midi. I need to reconsider my definition of 'midi.'


Well made and quite pretty, my only reason for giving it less stars is that the armholes are quite tight so size up for more comfort. I will order more dresses from this vendor- I haven't been disappointed yet!


LOVE THIS DRESS!


I plan on buying more from this seller. I love this style so much!


I was nervous about getting this. I'm a big girl with a big chest. It was a smidge tight around the bust area, but not enough to take away any stars.


This dress is easy to dress up or dress down.


I would recommend this!


I'm 5'3" 200 lbs 36c bust and this dress fit perfect with a 3x. I normally wear size 16 to 18.  Very surprised.  Beautiful dress, well made, no smell, just enough stretch, and it did not squish the boobs down which is what I was worried about!  It comes down midcalf. I'll definitely be buying some more.


It was so beautiful and I was so excited to get to wear it but wha... wha... wha...  It didn't fit.  Not even close.  But for those who it does fit, I'm sure you look gorgeous!  I returned it that same day and no problems or hassle occurred.


