It was a beautiful dress - but - the stitching was wrong one of the darts. I received GREAT customer service - they did allow me to return the item and receive a refund. I was looking for something retro for a car show. I would absolutely order from here again if I needed vintage clothing. The material was an acceptable quality, especially considering the price. I think the stitching problem was a fluke. As far as sizing, I'm plus size and was concerned about the fit, especially in the chest area. It fit great - no issues. It was a really fun dress!


Best online dress purchase ever! So classic and gorgeous, with lots of compliments coming your way.


I'm 5'8" and about 115 pounds and got a small. Still snug in bust (my humble B's) but fit like a glove. Went just below knees and my petticoat was too short to make it look right.


Buying all the different styles/colors in the coming months...


This dress arrived very promptly and in good condition.  Instead of fitting as an extra large, it fit like a medium.  There was no way I could fit into it.  My aunt ended up taking it, because it fit her perfectly.  She usually wears about a size 10 or 12


This is one of my favorite dresses. I have received a ton of compliments when I wear it. The material has some stretch to it but it does run a little small. I wear mine with a petticoat slip under it to give the skirt added fullness. I will say however that you should NOT wash this in your washing machine, the shape will not hold up. I learned that the hard way on the first one of these dresses I bought. I take this dress to the dry cleaners now and it still looks fabulous. And the price??? You can't beat that for a 50's vintage style dress.


I bought this for my daughter for Easter!  It fit perfectly, true to size.


She received tons of compliments on this dress!  Good quality and quick shipping!


Will definitely buy more in different colors and highly recommend!


UPDATE! (Did find a XXXXL & ordered it. Still tight! But it is beautiful. Idon't know if the zipper will hold out as it is pretty thin material,  but I'm going to try to wear it.)The dress is gorgeous ...the fit is horrendous!  I am an XL, size 16. I ordered up 2 full sizes just to be safe and it did not fit!  And they do not carry anything larger than a XXXL! But their XXXL is like a L here in America.  If I, being a size 16, can't fit into something labeled XXXL, that is sad!  I am so disappointed,  this beautiful dress would have been perfect for my spring fling!  DO NOT GO BY AMAZONS SIZE CHART,  go by the description then add a size.  Or add 2-3 sizes to your normal size. Good luck!


I got the floral spring style (Black with red flowers). The fit is exact. I was concerned it would be too small (I'm an American size 6-8) when I ordered a medium and when it showed up I was nervous. My husband zipped me into it and it fits like a glove, but I have trouble reaching the zipper on my own, which is why I removed a star. It looks good and feels good, but the measurements are to the t and there is no give in the top. I;m fine with the fit, but be warned that it's better to go up a size if you are not sure.


One note, I had it delivered to my office and asked for it not to be delivered on weekends or after hours. It was delivered when we were closed and left outside on the streets of NYC. The note on the package said "closed"...um so why not deliver the next day during normal hours instead of leaving it outside a coffee shop??? Luckily, the receptionist saw it on her way in and brought it up.


I love the length of this dress. It was what I was looking for. It came past my knees and I'm  5' 2".


I found a hole in the mid section in the front. It appears that it was an area missed in the sewing process. I can fix that with no problem.


A cotton blend material. It has a bit of a stretch. Not a whole lot of stretching.


I like the color. It's a pretty blue. It can be worn with a number of accessories. Dress it up or Casual. You can wear Necklaces, scarves, jackets, sweaters and shrugs with this.


It's not a bad buy for the price. It's a nice simple dress. And it does look nice on.


Kinda bummed :( Was hoping to wear this tomorrow for Valentine's Day...but it was too small. I followed the measurements for this product, guess I am just too busty for it (36DDD). Just reordered in the medium--hoping that one is not too big. Also, the picture did not show a tie for the back-it has one. Looking forward to the dress again just bummed will not have for tomorrow. Bought 2 petticoats to go with it even--those both fit fine.


This dress is quite nice, especially for the price. I actually was a bit leary, as I've never purchased clothing from Amazon, but this dress is very pretty and has a great shape. It definitely runs a size smaller than what I would expect, but isn't too snug for me to bother returning it. Definitely would recommend!


