This dress arrived in plenty of time b4 I departed on my Alaskan cruise. Fit as expected, and that's significant for a Plus size girl. Easy -On and large flowers on dress. Served as appropriate cover for the "larger lady." I even wore a purple crinoline underneath.


Beautiful dress! I love it to death, it's super comfortable and I've gotten so many compliments wearing it. If you're curvy, it accents your curves and shows them off. If you're large in the chest, I suggest getting a size up; that is what I did- it still fits a bit snug at the chest but other than that the dress is perfect.


I ordered a size larger than I normally would and I shouldn't have, it's a little bigger than it should be but it's not too big of a deal because it has a bow that ties in the back and I can synch it according to my size. I'm 5'8 and about 220 lbs and I got an xxl, but should have gotten an xl for sure. But that aside, it's super high quality and a wonderful dress!


I would give 5 stars if it weren't for the fact that the dress was delivered with a large tear on the waist. Easy enough to fix, but somewhat annoying in a brand new dress. Other than that. The dress arrived much faster than I expected and once it's been fixed, I think it will be beautiful on.


My husband bought this dress for me for my birthday. I can't remember what size it was but it fit perfect and has held up for over a year. I haven't worn it a lot but it hasn't fallen apart. classy and elegant. went to a ballet in this dress and it's def a head turner.


I ordered the ACEVOG Vintage 1950's Floral Spring Garden Party Picnic Dress Party Cocktail Dress in Navy Blue.


It fits great, nice and snug around my waist. Nice choice for an hourglass figure. Time will tell just how great it is, I'm looking forward wearing it.


I absolutely loved this dress, I wore it for my bachelorette party and received many compliments on it. I ordered one size up from what I normally would have ordered and it fit perfectly.


This dress is amazing. Simply awesome. I got a size 3xl--I'm 5'3, 210 pounds. My only real qualms are the arm holes, which were tiny and the chest, which was a difficult fit. I have a smaller chest (36C) and even I found the chest to be a tight fit.


Sizing aside, I'm thrilled with this dress. It got so many compliments and I love the way it sits over a petticoat. It's a keeper!


Fit as I thought, looks great on. I'm 5'8 and it hits me just below the knees. I wish it was about two inches shorter, just to look best on my body type, but no complaints. I got what I thought I was getting. And for $25, I'm happy.


Overall, I'm happy. Fabric could be slightly nicer quality, but not in a way where I'm worried it'll fall apart in the washing machine.


Very cute, pretty flattering. It is a little loose in the shoulder region, but it still fits quite well. Fabric wrinkles really easily.. Plan on ironing it after every wash, and possibly before each use. Otherwise great though!


