This dress is adorable. It fit perfectly and is long enough I can wear it to work (just past my knee). My only complaint is that it's white parts are see through so I have to wear a slip under it, but really that's no complaint at all. I love it and it came much faster than it originally said.


Fabric was perfect for an August wedding, and the print is sort of a dreamy Asian inspired watercolor. Color is listed as light grey, but it is actually a divine dusky aqua. Loved it!!


Ordered this for Easter. It fits me perfect! I wear size 13 jeans, bust is around 40" and I got an XL. I suggest getting a petticoat with it, it really tops it off. Love this dress!!


Amazing dress. Great material.  Super comfortable and looks amazing.  I received so many compliments on this dress. I am 144 lbs, size 6-8 (usually an 8)...solid medium.  Got the medium and it fit so well!


The only downside of this dress is when it arrived I did have to take it to my dry cleaners as I wouldn't dare try to steam it on my own. While the material is well made, it was the fact that they packaged it in plastic and of course it looked like it went through some kind of iron to make it flat when it went into the box after the plastic. No dress arrives ready to wear, so this is something you must expect when you mail order. No stars should be deducted for that.


My dry cleaners got it done for me early and I was off to another state in my motor home with the dress. It was in perfect condition for my event.


The dress fit me true to size and I ordered a medium I believe. I am full in the chest, and there was no puckering at all. The dress fit a if it was made for me. This was a great event for me, and I had had plenty of confidence knowing I had been dressed well. As a matter of fat, my husband did a total photo shoot with me. This is something I don't think he has ever done.


Bravo! Not only did other heads turned but the most important one did. - My husband's!


Great dress for the price!! With such an affordable price, I figured it wouldn't be very good, but I'm surprised and pleased! It doesn't fit perfectly, I'll have it altered to bring in the waist and armpits, but I can afford to have it custom-tailored because it was such a reasonable price. Definitely pair with the Vintage Women's 50s Petticoat Tutu Swing Skirt for the best skirt shape. Very happy!


**EDITED: lost a little weight and finally was able to wear this cute dres. My boobs are still a bit squished but what's a girl supposed to do?


I still recommend ordering 1-2 sizes up especially if you have boobs bigger then an "A" cup.


The fabric is nice. It's not too thick or too thin. It also has a bit of stretch but is heavy enough that it has structure.


Overall I'm happy now that I can actually wear the dress, although I am disappointed that the size chart isn't accurate. **


Awesome. Wore it to my bridal shower and received so many compliments. I ordered a Medium (5'8", 140 lbs, small 36B) and people thought I had custom alterations made - it fit so perfectly. Although I did have to wear my most padded bra to make it look more filled out on the top. I also wore a petticoat to get the full skirt effect. Loved it! Want to order more.


Wow - talk about mislabeled sizes!


We had read many of the reviews, so ordered two sizes larger than what she normally wears.  We ordered a 4xl in the dress.


Wow - what a joke.  The skirt is a circle skirt, so will fit any size.  But the top - laughable.


If you have a B, C or D cup, you won't be able to wear this dress!  There is ZERO breast room!  These are apparently made


in China or Japan where so many women are very tiny.  Their idea of a 4X and an American 4X differ GREATLY!


She barely got it over her head, and the zipper (which was not able to be opened the entire length of the zipper - they sew it down around the waist area rather than just use the entire zipper) would not even come close to closing!  What a disappointment.


Again, we ordered TWO SIZES larger (C-cup intended wearer), and there was no way whatsoever to wear this dress.


The sleeve area is super tight, the chest is flattened out like a girdle, and the zipper wasn't going to happen.


At this point, it seems pointless to return it. We are going to try to cut it apart and just make a skirt out of it instead of trying to use it as a dress.


The 4X MIGHT fit someone who wears an American size 18, if you have a fairly flat chest. Seriously, zero chest room in the top part.


The fabric pattern was very pretty if not a little thin on the fabric), but not sure why they try to list these as American sizing, when there is NOTHING in common with eastern sizes. Seriously, the sizing is completely different than normal American women's clothing sizes.


If you have a larger chest, don't bother. If you are a larger woman who thinks plus size means plus size, don't bother with this brand.


Their idea of "plus size" is larger than a Project Runway model, and that's all!  :-(


It got held up in transit from New York so I was starting to get a bit worried, but still arrived about about a week before schedule. I'm 5'1" and 170 and ordered an XL. It fits perfect. The material has a little stretch to it. I have a petticoat under it in the picture. It looks cute but  it isn't full enough to get a big twirl from the skirt.  Lots of different colors in the dress to choose accessories to go with it. I've already ordered another dress from them.


