I have this dress in 4 colors/patterns -- and I get complements every time I wear them!  I can wear to church or work, depending on my accessories.  Would make cute date night dress, too.  Wonderful value for my money, highly reccommend.


I like the dress.  However, when I received it, the skirt was accidentally sewn in the seam of the waist.  I had to pick out the seam and then repair it by hand.  I like the dress, however it doesn't fit as well around the arms as I would like.  I wear a sweater with it, though, and it looks nice.


very cute and fresh.  had to have it dry cleaned as ironing was disasterous


I like this dress, but it runs small.  I ordered two sizes up and it's still snug!


Fits great, flares out nicely if you put a crinoline under it.


Beautiful! Got so many compliments on this dress! I'm 5'4" and it goes about 3 inches past my knee.. Love it!


I ordered a larger size than I normally wear because I saw other reviews. The shape of the dress however I don't think is very flattering. Was much longer than I expected. Will probably bring to a tailor to have fitted to me because I really do love the pattern and material.


this dress is so gorgeous.and the quality of the fabric is so nice.extremely happy with this purchase


This dress is really cute unfortunately:  I ordered an XL according to the directions.....It fit my size Small daughter :(  Sooooo she tried it on.  There is a major design flaw with this dress (besides the size)  The length from the shoulder to the bust piece is waaay too short.  At an XL size it was too short for my size small daughter.  The bottom of the breast piece hit her about 2/3 down the boob.  If  the strap piece were longer it would look so cute.  Unfortunately the designer does not understand body proportions.  This dress is made from a really nice stretchy material which can be very forgiving.  The navy blue color is perfect.  Too bad ACEVOG - this was my 4th try-  good ideas, poor execution.


Very happy with this dress.  Wouldn't mind having a closet full of them.  Love the "vintage" aspect of it.  Got lots of compliments.


