This is a beautiful dress, very light fabric and fits fairly well. I am petite in size, so it does hang long and a little wide in the bust area, and the zipper gets stuck about an inch from the top (appears a loose string is the culprit and easily mended) but overall I'm happy with my purchase


I ordered a medium for my 17 year old daughter. It was a bit tight so I sent back and got a large. it was perfect. She wore to a wedding and had a ton of complements. This dress is adorable.


 This dress is made of cotton. It is light and soft to the skin. It provides ease and very pleasant to wear. I can wear this.in any occasion even in church. It is decent and modest. Simple but very beautiful. I ordered large and it has a great fitting. I stand 5'2 and weight 135lbs. Giving it as 5 stars.


Based on other reviews I got a size up and I'm happy I did. It fits perfectly. It's a tea length dress with a high neck. My only complaint is the zipper. The zipper is tiny and frail. If you pull on the zipper too hard, it will break or get stuck. Other than that, I would recommend this dress.


We ordered a small and it fit my five foot tall, 11 year old perfectly like it was tailor made for her.  She said it was a tad bit long but by the time her dance comes around it may be a mute point given the unpredictability of her growth rate.  Well made and a good a value given the price.


Its as adorable & flattering as all the reviews say!  I ordered the red/black flowers.  My only reason for 4 stars is that I should have ordered a Small.  I ordered a Medium (which does fit fine) but with the little stretch in the fabric,  my measurements were in between - it would have been a perfect fit in the small!  Still so cute!


I was shocked at the excellent quality & construction of this dress...it fits like it was made for me!  Exactly as pictured, i can't wait until spring weather to wear it!  At this price, I will buy at least a couple more in different prints.  love it!!


Very pretty dress! I got a large because I normally wear a size 12...but this dress was too big. Especially the top part, and I wear a 36DD and it was too big. So I'm returning.


Light weight material but is not to light that it can be seen through. I absolutely love this dress. I received many compliments on this dress and tons of people who wanted to know where I purchased. It was definitely a great buy. Thank you


Like the print and the fabric. Nice and lightweight! Just runs a little large so size down if you have a smaller waist.  Ill just run it through the dryer and it should be fine.


