Shipped quick! Appears to be good quality material and well made. I ordered another dress with a solid pattern, but a size larger. My wife wore it to Church last Sunday and received a lot of compliments.


I was somewhat disappointed in this dress. It's just too tight around the breast. I read other articles that said women with my breast size 36 fit in the Medium  perfect. Not me and unfortunately I will be leaving on vacation and I don't have time to order another one, so I will have to give this to somebody in smaller bus size.


The dress is a nice color, simple, and well priced.  It has a belt that bows in the back and it's simple sophistication plunges with that one detail. Lose the childish bow and belt with something else. Unfortunately finding that right accessory is the challenge.


Beautiful pattern and cut. This looks amazing on and is great wuality. It is thick enough that it lays nice but cotton to breathe. I will buy again! I picked the purple n black and it is as shown in picture. Great buy! I wish the tie in back was a little longer ties so it could lay a bit better but still great dress.


This dress fits great and looks really beautiful on.  The waist cinches in just the right place and the bottom skirt flows just enough for it to have that feminine feel without too much swing. I received so many compliments on this dress.


I bought this dress for a wedding. I’m a 38DD and wear a size 14/16 normally on my dresses. I thought the dress was very flattering! I wore a petticoat underneath it and it fit well. The only thing was that it was a little big near the armpit area and I had to wear a specific bra to not be seen in the dress.


Beautiful dress! Nice quality material and fits beautifully. I anticipate buying other colors and patterns in the near future.


love it but there were some odd fitting when i tried it on.  the arm holes fit kind of funny when i zipped it all the way up.  no matter. i like it anyway.


This is a beautiful dress!  The pattern and the color are amazing.  The material is light and I really like the length of the dress and how the skirt flares out a little, it is very flattering on.  I bought this product at a discount and I am so glad i did because I have gotten so many compliments.


I usually don't write reviews, but felt like I needed to on this one. I used the sizing chart provided by the seller when ordering this dress, and it fit *perfectly*. This is one of those dresses that can flatter any figure. The ONLY issue I have with the dress (and this is just due to personal style) is that I ordered the white with red and black flower print based off of the picture, which shows no bowtie in the back, but the dress I received had one. Again, only issue, and a very small one at that. The dress is beautiful and the perfect length when you add a little petticoat underneath. I would definitely recommend it. :)


