This dress is very cute and seems to be made well.  The fabric isn't flimsy which seems to be the usual for women's dresses of late.  I ordered a size up after reading some of the reviews and it still is a little snug, so if you like your dresses roomier, order two sizes up.


First of all I just wanted to say this dress fits amazing!!!! I purchased a small but was worried I might need a medium because of my bust. However, it's got just enough stretch to make it fit perfect! The colors are so beautiful and compliment my coloring so well. It accentuates my waist perfectly! It's a little longer than I expected it to be which is okay, but I might have it hemmed 2 inches. Anyway, I love everything about this dress but I gave it 4 stars because when I was first trying it on, I was pulling it up over my butt and it wasn't tight at all, but it ripped the seam by the zipper. Maybe mine wasn't as well made but a little tug like that shouldn't have made it rip.


Long story short, BUY THIS DRESS IN EVERY COLOR


I have worn this dress one time and love it.  It fits perfectly.  It does not require ironing.  I am 5 2", usually a size 4 or 6, and the medium fits perfect. My weight is 127.


fit as expected. was unsure if I should go with small and medium but had to return it because it was too big on me (measurement chart is accurate though). I am 5 ft 5 in tall and 150 pounds (size b chest) and ended up going with small only because it fit better. I ordered 3 patterns and this was my favorite!!!


I am disappointed in my dress. I ordered the white background with a majority of black roses with a few red roses, and I'm assuming the way they cut all the dresses would be the same. First, the dress has a very junior cut; I am petite and short waisted, and the waist on the dress is still high and the darts aren't placed properly for a misses size. Next, the actual neck of the dress is more shallow than the boat neck that is pictured, and the shirt isn't nearly as full or as long as pictured. Finally, I have to dry clean the dress because I noticed the red dye of the roses was running at the waist where I had been sweating, making me afraid to actually wash the dress in water. I am a 34c, 5'1" and 120 pounds, and the medium I ordered is snug.


I love the print and the silhouette of the dress. Unfortunately, that's where my praise ends. The material is a bit thin and scratchy, and the dress isn't lined. Also, the fit is strange. My body type is such that dresses are almost always big on top and tight around the hip area. This dress I couldn't even zip up once I hit my rib cage, but the skirt was ample, even taking into consideration that the cut is supposed to be generous on the bottom.


I usually wear a 14/16, and I couldn't zip this up.


Poor quality.  The first thing I noticed after trying on this dress was that the bodice seams and darts are uneven and one of the darts isn't finished off properly so that it's pointed which looks really bad.  Could be covered with a sweater.  Thought about pulling out my sewing machine to try to fix it.  Also, I'm not sure if they put in a longer zipper than needed, or if it's defective.  The zipper won't go all the way down, but does go far enough to easily get in/out of the dress.  I'll be returning this one.


I bought this dress for a 1950s themed birthday party but I plan to use it for other occasions as well. I usually wear a size 14/16 and have a bra size of 38 D/DD so I ordered an XL. The dress fit great except it was a little snug in the bust area. It was not uncomfortable at all. I didn't have time for alterations so I just wore a small cardigan to cover up. I also wore a petticoat underneath. I received multiple compliments on the dress.


Fits as expected because I bought 2 sizes larger than I usually wear. Suggested by other buyers. The dress is very pretty and I really like it. There are two reasons I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. It still has a slight chemical smell after washing. I am anticipating the smell will be gone with more washings. 2, the material is stiff. It isn't soft and flowing as I was hoping. Maybe another washing will help this too. I hope so because the dress is lovely and fits well. I will update this after more washing.


There are other manufacturers available through Amazon that cater to this style of dress for comparabl prices and better quality. That's why I sent this dress back. I received better dresses so I'm going back to those sellers. This dress was a nice stretchy fabric but they used white stitching which shows up against the seams making for an ugly contrast against the dark fabric. Should have used dark thread, simple enough. Also the bodice of the dress was a bit awkward. For someone endowed, and for reference I'm 39-30-40, the neckline as well as the waistline rode high. I would also suggest hemming the dress a few inches if you are under 6 feet tall.


