It's a nice dress but I have to alter it so that the shoulders don't point out like a lady gaga outfit


Was hoping that I could wear this dress to a wedding, however, it is way to small. Hoping I can return it, without much hassel. Beautiful fabric, seems to be well made. Just not what I expected, being a 3xplus. Bummer


Absolutely love this dress! Got lots of compliments when I wore it! I wear a size 14/16 and the XL was a great fit!


It came before the delivery date and fits wonderfully. Very pleased.


First, I have to say, for the price I paid, this dress is VERY well made! Thick material, tea length (I'm 5'8"), and beautiful. The neck is a little high for my taste, but with the right necklace, it will do wonderfully. I can see this dress easily costing $50+ in a department store.


I really was expecting this to be smaller, being that the sizing is Asian. I almost always wear a US Large size dress, so I ordered a Large, thinking it would be a little small and I would have a goal to meet for the end of the summer when I go on vacation, but it fits great now (hopefully I'll have to take it in as a goal instead!)


Really like this dress but don't forget the under slip. It helps make the dress. Worn this dress to the theater, it was a hit.


I really have one complaint and that is it isn't the length I really wanted.


This dress came ridiculously fast. I just ordered it on Wednesday or Thursday and it's here today (the following Saturday). It looks exactly like the picture and I love it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it does run small, but I strike can fit easily in it so it doesn't bother me much.


I wear a XL  I read dress runs small so I order 3X and it was to small on the chest area so I didn't return it I sold it to a friend very unsatisfied customer


The dress came relatively fast and fit great. My only complaint would be the dress is super long. Im 5'5 and it almost reaches my ankles. Nothing a few slight alterations can't fix!


