The arm opening is just so weirdly small. It fits me great up to the point where I have to put m arms out. it digs all they way into my armpits. For reference I am 5'6" 130lbs. I bought small.


Way too long but we can hem. Fabric is pretty low end but the fit is flattering (other than length) so I think I will keep


This dress fits amazing. I just had a baby and have some tummy to hide and this dress does just that. It shows off what you want it to and hides what you don't.


The cutest dress!! I enjoyed wearing this for a special occasion that required black/red attire. It was perfect for the occasion.


I'm thrilled Thrilled THRILLED with this dress!!! When I first bought it I was curious about the quality vs price but upon receipt of this marvelous little number I want to buy all of them in different patterns. Even the hard to impress find it adorable on me and I feel lovely in it. Fits like a dream and suits my style to a t. Bravo!


Super cute but too short.


I am a 35-36 waist, 38D bust, chubby, and I have both flabby arms and wide shoulders. This dress fits perfectly and is perfect dress material in that it is lightweight, yet durable. All the seams were perfect, the dress sat just below my knee, and there's about a 2.5 inch lining of fabric (dress folded over) that keeps the material from bunching up and getting annoying/itchy. The arm holes are fine for movement and don't 'get you in the pits.' I bought a Vianla Rockabilly petticoat that goes perfectly with the dress. The dress size I bought isn't constricting in the neck either. I bought a size XL for fear that it wouldn't fit my chunkiness. I will buy more dresses from this seller in the future. Oh, and the dress arrived WAY before the expected date.


Beautiful dress!!


The dress does fit as described in size chart. Could not zip up back. Very disappointing Also I bought my daughter a similar dress by different designer and that had my material in skirt bottom and has separate belt. I will be returning today!


Love this summertime fabric. A bit big in armholes but so worth the price.


