Wow.  This dress is worth $100 more than we paid for it!!!  The zipper, material, color, qualify is closer to my dresses purchased for much much more money.  This dress is beautiful.  Cut well.  Length is just past the knee which is expected in a 1950 style.  Stunning.  Came in the mail so much faster than expected.


I bought an XL and ended up losing weight lol but it is cheap enough I'll just get it altered. Very well made and pretty


Very lovely dress :-)  the fabric is a bit thin, and wrinkles easily, but it's a very cute dress! I bought the white dress with cherries on it - there is no surface in my house that a dog, cat or human with outdoor debris has not been on, so i put it on last minute and head out the door!  I am considering ordering a slip or petty coat yo go under it.


I love this dress! I received it faster than estimated and it exceeded my expectations.  The fabric may be a little thin for some people's liking but I didn't mind it at all. I received many compliments on it! You can't beat the product for such a low cost--thank you from one poor mama that still wants to be able to look stylish!!


I saw this dress and immediately fell in love with the color and style. It's so soft and stretchy! It got so perfect (I ordered a size larger than normal) and it was to die for. The skirt hit mid calf (I'm 5ft) and the bow on back hit my waist perfect. I love it and will defiantly buy more in different colors.


I got this to match a dress my daughter has for Easter. It is a very flattering fit for a curvy figure. The skirt is not too short and flares out well without a petticoat, though you may want to purchase one to help it keep its shape.


Absolutely loved this dress. Fit perfectly. I'm 5'2 and 114lbs. I normally have to get my dresses brought in from the sides to fit right, but this dress was perfect. Love the color, fabric used and the pattern. Love it!!


This fits well and looks vintage and modern.  The material  has some stretch and give.  The length is a perfect below-the-knee distance from the waist,  and the bodice is proportioned well with the arm holes being comfortable without gapping. For the price, it was a good value.  I wish I'd bought two!


I am 170lbs, 5'6" and usually take a size 14 dress.  I got the XL and it was so tight that I can barely zip it up in the back.  The skirt is fine over larger butt and hips, but the bodice is very small fitted, so be aware of that.


I've got compliments at work with this dress... I used it with a colorful mini cardigan added a refreshing outlook, as it is sleeveless. But it looks nice either way. Material is a little bit thinner than I was expecting. I didn't use an under-skirt but you can use one as well...Overall nice. Might consider buying different styles.


