I wear a size 10. I bought a size 10 too. Dress size village well. The fabric is not transparent, a little pull, but at length dress was to mid-calf, and not to the knee. We'll have to trim the length. Overall, I liked it.


This is actually a realty good quality for the price. I was surpised. The fabric is great and thick. The color is true to the picture. Definitly order larger than your regular size tho.


LOVE this dress.  I ordered 2 sizes up, due to the other reviews, and I was glad I did.  This dress fits nice, and looks great!  I got so many compliments on it.


So flattering and comfortable. I plan on ordering more prints after I just received my dress. I'm a size 12 in jeans and usually a 16 in dresses. I bought the XL and it fits perfectly. I think I could even do a large. The tie helps make it a little more fitted in the waist. It did come wrinkled but it's cotton so I feel confident that they will come out with some steam applied.


Beautiful dress! I had many comments when I wore it. It is a little big but there's a tie on the back to help make it fit better. It's very lightweight and comfortable!


Find a helper for the zipper up the back. I can't wear this dress without assistance however. Way too bad because the fit is great.


very cute dress, but didn't fit me properly in the bust/waist area.  I normally wear a 10 or medium or large.  I was afraid that if I ordered a size larger (XL) it would be too big everywhere else.


Very cute pattern but wasn't fond of the material. Stiff and wrinkled.


3 stars because the hemline was longer in the front and i had to do some emergency sewing since i bought it to wear to a party that night. I was very angry but it fit beautifully but will not buy from this seller again due to quality.  The dress also is not lined on the inside.


This dress fit exactly as described, there was some give in the waist which was perfect. I received many compliments on this dress and have recently purchased the blue polka dot.


