I bought this dress in Medium ( I have a bust size of 36, and height is 5'3"). The fit is according to their dress size but go by the fit size provided in their pictures and not the Amazon dress size!. The dress is light, will need to be ironed, but it came out looking just like the picture! Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a simple day dress or church dress! At this time, considering buying other styles from this collection!


I purchased this dress for a friend but unfortunately it is to small not at all the sellers fault.  I will be sending it back BUT I am purchasing another in the right size.  This dress is very pretty.  Made from good quality material has a nice feel to it not cheap looking or feeling .  Other than me ordering the wrong size this is an awesome dress, Im even thinking about ordering one for myself or course it will be different pattern, just cant decide which one i like best ........ I will attach photos when I do a review on the one that fits her


The pattern is super cute and the fabric is very light and ideal for hot summer weather. It's cut nice and long too, so it can be worn to work, but it's also nicely fitted. (Not a burlap sack.) I get tons of compliments every time I wear it.


The biggest downside is that it's not lined and the fabric is basically transparent. You'll need a full slip.


I got the 2XL in this because although I wear a 1XL normally, comments say it runs small. Well, it doesn't run small, so I am sending it back for a smaller size.


pattern is adorable, but the boatneck rides slightly awkwardly. There are three different dress styles under this category, so be sure to check that the dress has the neckline you want


Fabric is nice and thick so you wouldn't need to wear a full slip under it, but feels cool enough for spring or fall.


The zipper got stuck on the fabric and it wouldn't come loose. It happened the very first time I went to wear it. So frustrating. It wasn't human error so much as poor design of the zipper and the interior fabric surrounding the zipper. I loved the design and the fit and was so disappointed that this happened to it on the very first time wearing it.


It is a long dress I'm 5'6 and it came to about mid shin if not lower I had on a petticoat but maybe not the write measurements for this dress. At the time I did order an xl but I've had to lose weight so probably a large for the time being 5'6 w:30inches now h:37 inches now B:38-40 D. So it's a little loose in the neckline but I should be able to take care of that. It's a good weight material. I look forward to the spring when car show season starts. :) Thank you


GREAT buy!!! For the price I paid, this was hands down, the best dress.. I coupled it with a petticoat and wore this out to the movies and people kept asking me where I got it. I love it so much!


Great quality. I based my size off the manufacture size chart and I would have been a 3x but I ordered the 4x to be safe because it's easier to have it tailored if it's to big. It was very comfortable and the only tailoring I had was to shorten the hem because the mid calf length was no flattering in me. I loooove it and received many compliments.


Fits as expected, ordered XL based on the reviews.  I am 5'3", 178 lbs, 36C.  It's just about perfect.


Only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 - I'm pretty sure the instructions said cold water wash, lay flat to dry.  Well, I did that on the delicate cycle, but the colors still bled, especially at the neckline.  But I love the dress so much that I'm wearing it again today, red/black patches and all.


I bought the 4x since all the reviews I read said it runs really small. I am 5'2" and usually wear a 1x.  I was lucky that it zipped up. It was a bit snug in the middle but is still super cute. It's a nice light material that shouldn't be too hot I the summer months. I do wish the sizing was more realistic, but I would buy again. I have to decide between this one and another that I bought for a wedding this summer.


