Ok ladies- I'm on a lucky streak with Amazon!!! Ive ordered two different dresses from two different companies and I must say that I absolutely love my true blue dress. I was hoping that it would be of a cobalt blue than royal and IT IS!!!!!! Perfect color . Perfect fit. I am normally 16/18 and I'm heavy chested. If you are normally an xlarge I suggest you order the 3x. I did and I'm well pleased. The reviews helped me to determine what size to order rather then the sizing chart. With this dress, if I would have gone simply by the chart, the dress would have been too small. I hope this has been helpful ladies. Happy shopping!!!!!


I got the white black and purple dress. It is definitely different so you will turn a few heads.It hits mid calf and since I am not used to it I do feel like - "is it a long dress that is too short or a short dress that is too long?" Wearing heels with this dress is a must, else it will look weird. But it was very different and ppl do notice you and your bold flower print. So all in all an interesting buy. I did feel cute so that is definitely a plus.


I'm writing this review under my fiance's account :)


I love love love this dress.  I can't say enough great things about it- I saw it, read the reviews, ordered an XL as I am quite busty and it arrived three days later.  I tried it on and the stretchy material makes the busty issue not an issue.  The waist is flattering and it flows just perfect.


I ordered it as a sample dress to see if I could really buy my wedding dress for under $30 and well-ah!  YES!  I ordered the white one last night, wore this dress into the office and people can't stop talking about it.


If I could give 10 stars, I would!


I first ordered 2 other colors, liked it so much I ordered this yellow one righ after. Beautiful and as pictured however 1 star off because this dress had a strange smell. I had to hang it outside for a few hours. I can't think exactly of what it smelt like but I think it was the paint smell of the floral/leaves. After air drying it, it was perfect. I wear 18/20 US sizing 5'7" and gpt the 3x, fit but roomy so I could have gotten one size down and it would fit. Love the length too, not too short.


Great dress, nice quality for the price.  I wore this to my son's winter ball at school and it was perfect, comfortable all night long.  It's cotton and spandex, which gives it just enough "give" to feel like you can move around in it while dancing.  The neckline was cut a bit high for me, but I am 5'4", so maybe that's why.  I weigh about 200lbs, C-cup and the XXL fit great.  Very happy with my purchase and will likely order more prints down the road...


I bought 2 of these dresses in different colors. I ordered one size larger based on the reviews that they run small. I returned both and order one more size up. I usually wear XL, I ordered 3XL. The material is like a cotton sateen and has a slight sheen to it. It will need to be ironed as it comes packed in a small bag. These dresses could be worn with a petticoat, but I wear them without and that makes the hem hang a little lower. (Just below the knee) I love these dresses!


Super adorable dress! Based on the reviews, I almost sized up, but glad I didn't. I got the extra large, and it was a tad too large. The material has a little give to it. It's so so super cute! Definitely going to order another color!


This fits like an absolute dream. I am 5'7'' with a 34" bust and 27" waist and this looks AMAZING. I purchased a black petticoat to go underneath it which just arrived in the mail so I have not had a chance to try it on together yet but I am very excited for the polished yet fun look of this dress!


Would give it five but I'm a little saddened I'm not able to wear it I'm about a 1x ordered a 3x and it was still slightly small in armpit area. Need to loose just a couple of pounds before wearing it comfortably. Received lots of compliments.


This is yet another winner from ACEVOG. It's cute, it's rockabilly, and there's flowers. It's a forgiving fabric, and it has a tie back waist. My biggest complaint is there's a bit of extra fabric in the neck area? Not in the chest area, the neck. It's not a huge deal, and isn't super obvious on me, but if you have small/slender shoulders or less of a chest it might matter more.


