Cute and lightweight, fit well. Only complaint is that the zipper was too long for someone to do themselves. Very time consuming and frustrating.


Small for the label size.  Need to order up about 3 sizes to fit right.  Love the dress but very snug in the chest area.  Not true to measurements given.


Super cute dress - love the polished cotton fabric with the vintage-inspired print and fit. My only complaint is that there's a bit of a gap on the front around the shoulder area, but I'm still delighted with the dress


This dress is fantastic. Although it was a little large when I purchased it up on the shoulders, I was able to sew it a little bit so its tighter across the top. The dress cuts right below my knee (I'm 5'9) So if you are on the shorter side you may need to hem it a bit. The quality is great- not see through at all, and the colors are bright! I love this dress, and I would absolutely buy it again.


The fabric and the print are very good,but the cut of the upper part of the dress is uncomfortable.I wear size 16 and i ordered XXL and it is somewhat small.I am C cup size and it is not the fit for me,it is too small in the chest.


This dress is absolutely stunning. The material has a slight stretch to it, fits nicely and wears comfortably.


The material is thick but doesn't have a silky feeling. It is folded in a plastic bag with a thank you letter from ACEVOG.com. I have to say when I saw it at first sight, I was not impressed at all. But after i put it on, wow, it's amazing, fit nicely ( I am 5'6, 120 lb and I bought S). I tried it with a petticoat and without it, both look fantastic. A very feminine dress!


It was just EVER so slightly too small. One size up probably would have either fit just right, or been a a bit too large. So I'm sticking with the size I have. The pattern is very pretty, and I love how it flutters in the wind. I will say through the seams are already starting to come undone and i've nly worn it twice.


This is a lovely addition to any lady's wardrobe. The fabric is shimmery and has flexibility and give to it. It runs slightly small so suggest ordering a size up. It's flattering to full figures and looks great with a wide stretchy belt


I love this dress! I was torn between a dress or a skirt but this dress was the winner! I ordered a medium and it fits me great. I'm 5'2 and 100 pounds. It comes down just below my knees.


