I have recently lost a lot of weight and needed something for family pictures. The description and size chart said that the XL was a size 14, it fit so perfectly it felt like it was tailored made! I'm currently 5'5 and 180


First, this is a very cute dress. Fits well. I wore this to a Christmas party for work and got so many compliments. I loved it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the first time I washed it(in cold water and gentle cycle) according to directions, the red color bled into the white. I had to send it back.


I love this dress; it was a bit tight in the upper back area, but I have a wide back and somewhat large breast (36D). I ordered a large... it  looked awesome on me!


This dress is beautiful in person and arrived weeks before the scheduled delivery date! I ordered an XL and while it was a little loose, I think an L would have been too small. The material is so lovely and light and it's a great length, it really makes me feel beautiful when I wear it!


I bought two of these dresses in different patterns and they are gorgeous.


However, the one I washed shrunk int he wash, so be careful. I bought the dress to be a certain length, and after it was washed it was a little tight around the chest and a significant amount shorter (and I'm small too).


The dresses are gorgeous though and fit very great before washing. They are made of cotton so it makes sense, but just be careful if you plan on not dry cleaning these.


Fantastic!  I get compliments on this, even from people I don't expect to hear a word from.


The fit was what I expected and they have a range that allows women of many sizes to purchase it.


It arrived on time and I plan to get another.


This is a really cute dress. I bought the apricot floral which had such a sweet vintage feel it reminded me of my grandma. (or perhaps her curtains?) The material has a nice stretch and is very comfortable and nicely made. Unfortunately I bought too large based on the reviews in order to get the length. I normally wear a size 12. The xl would have probably been fine. The seller was very kind and helpful to resolve. I would do business with them again.


I'm very pleasantly surprised with this dress! The skirt billows and folds as it does in the picture, and the tie in the back allows for movement and adjustment around the waist! I'm very excited to wear this to New Years Eve dinner & dance all night in such a classic and pretty little black dress!


This dress is super fun and pretty. However, they sent me a size smaller than what i ordered, thankfully it fit! I was between sizes so i went 1 up, rather than down. Overall still happy with the dress, hubby says i look gorgeous! Will definitely be ordering more!!


I love the dress when it came it looked perfect, like the photo but it is way to small I ordered a 3xl knowing that I usually wear a 2xl. This dress fit more like a large. I was very sad. I had plans to wear this dress out on a big date with my SO.


