Love the dress got so many compliments will order more in a 3xl. The 2xl just fit needed a little  room, but still comfortable to wear. Thanks


I wore this with a blue cardigan that perfectly matched the flowers in this dress to a summer wedding.  Got rave reviews on how cute the outfit was.


It was a perfect fit after washing. I usually wear a 0/XS but the Small fit me well with room to breathe. I must buy another one. I received a slew of compliments. The fabric is soft and lightweight which kept me cool. I washed it on cool and dried on ex-low heat and it didn't fade. It isn't see-through and didn't show a crotch print (lol). Get the dress. It is classy, elegant, versatile and sexy without being to revealing.


I wanted to fall in love with this dress. The fabric is nice, but thin and tears easily. I wore this dress once and the belt separated from the dress.


Fits perfectly, fabric upon arrival was surprisingly noisy (think almost windbreaker jacket noisy) but otherwise lovely. As another review stated they starched and wore a petticoat underneath and added a small touch of a black ribbon for the midsection...I plan on doing this as well. Overall a very cute dress worth the price.


Based on the other reviews, I ordered a size up and it fits perfectly! I love this dress!  Very feminine and flattering.  I did purchase a petticoat to go with it, although the dress could be worn without one (it will lay close to the body without a separate petticoat).


Fit like a 2X with not enough boob room.


Too bad dress looks nice.


Very cute dress. Better quality than expected also. This dress runs true to provided measurements.  I will be ordering other in different prints.


Love the dress but the sticking looks as though it is loose.  It is not a true plus size but it is a great dress for an evening date with the hubby.


Did not fit at my waist. Was a little high waisted and too short. I like my dresses longer. The color and style still looked nice on me.


