The dresses came much earlier than expected so that was a plus. The white one has so many frays on the zipper that I couldn't zip it until I removed them. The black one is more of an empire waist than the white one.  I usually wear a 14 and I ordered the xxl and it fits fine. However, it is definitely cut as an empire waist with an attached belt so I definitely was disappointed about that because the picture doesn't clearly show an attached belt nor does it appear on the model as an empire waist.  But the belt is definitely there. Fabric is decent for $20.00. Still a few more weeks of warm weather so I can work them into my wardrobe. They will definitely take a good pressing out. Overall worth it and I will probably order a couple of more.


I was very worried when I ordered this dress, based on the reviews of it being too small. I ordered two sizes, XXL (the description of which fit my measurements with the exception of the bust being a tad too small) and 3X for good measure in case the XXL didn't fit. Both dresses arrived together, promptly in 2 days. I tried the XXL on immediately and was absolutely in love. It fit like a dream in fact I'm wearing it as I write this review! So I will be sending the 3X back. I hate clothes shopping, as a plus sized girl it's hard to find cute clothing anywhere, but this has by far best the best clothing experience of my life. I was so surprised and ecstatic about the arrival time, fit and quality of this dress. If I could give it ten stars I would.


I bought this as a surprise for my wife (dangerous ground for sure) and it went over really well. She gets compliments every time she wears it and I personally find it to be quite flattering. I'll definitely consider this dress in another pattern for another future surprise.


Cute, cute, cute dress! I'm 5'4"... 140 lbs ... Busty and old.  This dress is definitely for a small young figure. I guess I wanted to spruce up my old wardrobe ... Forget it...LOL. Not with this dress! I returned it.... Not because of the quality or even the fit.  Just too young for someone my age. (How old am I....Mrs. Beasley was my doll of choice)


Super cute and flirty. Great spring and summer dress. I would wear this casually or for a date night, works both ways. The cut is super flattering, and I'm very happy with this purchase!


I loved the dress. I usually wear a size 12 and have a 38C bustline but an XL was too small in the bust so I returned it and ordered an XXl (bad for the ego) and I will have to take it to my seamstress because it's a little too big. But the dress is adorable!!


The dress fits really well but the skirt is not full like the picture. Would return it but I need it for a special occasion and live hours from shopping. It’s needs a fuller skirt and it would be perfect.


Good fit, terrible stitching. I'm usually a medium, but ordered a large. For perfect which tells me your products run small. After trying dress on, zipper showed signed of weakening. The zippers you use are terrible quality, not meant for this dress. I recommend this company use better quality zippers!


If you plan on standing the whole time you wear it, the dress should meet your needs. The dress looked liked I had balled it up in the trunk and thrown it on before arriving at my destination. I had to return home to change. This will go to Goodwill. Bummer.


The dress looks and fits great. It looks like I love Lucy's dresses.


Some stitching was rough, but for the price, it was great.


My only concern was that it was longer than the image seems to be.


The description says it is swing dress, hence it goes well bellow knees.If you don't want a long dress and aren't good with the needle, you probably shouldn't get it.


 I had to shorten by about 6.5 inches to get it about in inch above knees (I am 5.7 and I got size small of the black dress with roses). It was A LOT of fabric and measuring to go through and weird circular shape, but now it looks amazing.


