I love this dress. I'm going to order more in different colors.


The only small complaint that I have is that I'm 5'6" , and I feel like it would fit me better if I were shorter.  They waist feel a high and the skirt part seems to short.  Other women might not have that problem though. And it's still a great dress.


Dress is tight on top for sure...if you are a busty gal. I ordered the XXL, I wear a size 18/20 but have a 44DD chest. I will have to use a minimizer to wear the dress. The belt is a joke however. They must have one belt no matter what size dress you order. It was at least 5 inches too short! So don't order this if you wanted the belt to work, you will have to find your own! For the price, it's a good dress. I got the petticoat and I was able to slip in and out without unzipping.


Adorable! This is a cute dress. Its not an expensive dress, but it is a fun dress. Keep that in mind! The dress is mostly cotton, so when you get it, run it in your machine on cold in delicate, and take it out..put it on a hanger right away and air dry it. Never put it in the dryer! The hem is rolled so you will have to pull the seam down to straighten it out, but its worth it. The dress is very cute on a curvy figure. Even cuter with the trendy mini cardigans to hide flabby arms!


This is a fun yet office-friendly dress that I'll be wearing all summer for work and play. I'm 5'8" and the dress falls to just below my knees. The size was in line with the measurements listed in the product photos, which is slightly different than usual US sizing. If I had ordered a medium it would have been too tight to zip through the bust; the large fit perfectly through the bust with a little bit but not too much extra wiggle room through the waste. My only issues are that the lining in the top front of the dress is the same pattern as the dress and the pattern shows faintly through the white areas of the fabric, and that my waist is an inch or so below where the waist is on the dress. The floral pattern hides that to most observers though and the dress is still quite comfortable. I've worn it once and received multiple compliments.


The delivery was faster than expected. I ordered the dress on 6/5/16 and it arrived in NY on 6/20/16, more than a week ahead of the 6/29-7/18 delivery window.


I LOVE THE DRESS IT FITS SO GREAT THE STRETCH MATERIAL IS SO GREAT GREAT ALL DRESSES SHOULD BE MADE OUT OF THAT FABRIC.THANK YOU SO MUCH.


I got a size XL and I am usually a size 16 it fit perfectly!!!  I wore it to a tea party. :)


5'5" 195 pnds, with narrow hips and no backside, XL a perfect fit, as usual. I love these dresses. I think I probably have at least 6 different patterns and/or styles of these, and I know I'll order more. They make me look like I have an hourglass figure, without surgery. I always receive multiple compliments about these dresses  from other women, and my other half always has something flattering to say.


The fabric is sort of stiff but a soft wash fixed that. I'm blessed in the bust (I wear a DDD) so I ordered a large because I didn't want to smother the girls but it was actually pretty roomy and I think I could have passed with a medium. The color is exactly like the picture. The stitches are kind of basic and I have a loose thread in the neckline but I just fixed that myself. Overall I'm happy with the dress. I'm wearing it to a wedding in March and I think it'll be perfect for the occasion. I do recommend buying the petticoat to go under the skirt though because since it's a swing dress it does have the extra fabric in the skirt so the petticoat helps it fall properly.


This dress (white with black and red roses) is beautiful! I am of athletic build, 5'4, normally wear a size 2 in dresses and the small fit like it was made for me. The length was at an inch below my knees. The material was good quality and not see through (bonus!). This dress can be worn without a petticoat, but looks much better with one. Plenty of room in the underarm area without being baggy. The chest area fit very well, almost too well since I do not have a big chest. If you order a small, and you're more than a b cup, it might be somewhat snug in the chest. I received so many compliments on this dress. It really is very nice, especially for the price.


I would recommend measuring prior to ordering to ensure a proper fit :-)


It's okay, but it really is too high-waisted. I have a low rise, and this thing hit me almost like an Empire waist, which kind of negates the whole purpose of a "fit and flare" dress, I really wanted to like it, as it's beautiful and the fabric is lovely, cotton with just enough stretch to feel really good. However, between the high waist and the fact that the neck is cut very high as well and I felt like I was choking in it even before it was zipped, this dress must go back. It may fit petite ladies just fine, but not us tall girls, even though I'm short bodied with long legs!


