I ordered a 4x knowing that I'm normally a 2x-3x and the dress wouldn't zip when I put it on. Luckily I have a year before I actually need to fit into this dress. Overall it's very beautiful and I love it however the measurements were misleading.


I wasn't expecting much for the price, but this is a really nice dress.  The fabric is good quality, and it fits just like it should.


I'm not sure if it's just the dress I recieved but the neckline of this dress sits so high on my neck I feel like it is choking me.  Too bad as I really loved the look of the dress and I saw from other reviews that many women love it.


The size chart was accurate and the dress is way too cute to believe. I do need to get a few adjustments to adjust it to my bodyshape, but such a beautiful dress for a very reasonable price. It was better then any dress I've seen in a store.


I'm 5'2", 170lbs. I fit a size 12. I'm a 38D and usually fit into a large. The dress is tight across the boobs but there's enough stretch to zip it up. It fits loose everywhere else. The zipper is flimsy.


Way too small - I think I'd actually have to order at least 2 sizes bigger. However, I'll probably keep it with the hope of losing enough weight to wear it next summer. Very cute dress.


I bought this for a vintage car show that I was working at. I got so many compliments, and it's so flattering. Make sure you get a petticoat if you want the fullness. I've worn it with and without,  and both look good but with a petticoat is best. The quality for the price is very impressive!


This is a great dress! I went to a son and mother dance tonight and I got so many complaints on the dress. Thanks for making me feel fabulous. I wish you had this dress for little girls


Bought the red and black dress for 2016 Derby. Saw a few other ladies with the same dress but all in purple. Had a chance to talk to some of them and we all had the same thing to say ....great dress! I wear a 14 normally and got an extra large. Fit very nicely and I felt very comfortable in it.


Love this dress! I used the size chart to pick my size. It fit perfectly.


