Color just as pictured.  True fit.  Good construction.


It is even more beautiful in person.  The flowing skirt is figure flattering. I will need to wear shape wear to make the top work for me.


I always worry about buying a dress on line but got this in and tried it on and it fit and looks great. Just nee shoes to go with it that will be harder than the dress. I did go ahead and get the Petticoat to give it a little flare. I may have to get another one like this one and start wearing dresses again.


I'm 5,6 and weigh 109 Lbs, the small fits great. The material is sooooo nice! I wasn't expecting it to be as nice as it is being as thought their are some negative reviews but I like it and I will be purchasing more colors


I am a size 8 in jeans but my bust measurement is 42. I have to buy larger sizes to fit on top. This fits fairly well but is just slightly sticks out at the center of the neckline .  Not a deal breaker though. My husband loves it on me .


As soon as I got the dress I tried it on to make sure it fit and it did. I washed the dress and as soon as I took it out of the gentle cycle there was a whole on the side seem. I sewed it up because I needed it for the following night. After wearing the dress I washed it again and, once again, as soon as I take it out of the gentle cycle there is another while on the back seem by where there dress ties in the back. It may fit perfect, but poorly made and I wouldn't purchase another.


I like this dress but it's very tight in the chest area even with the stretch material. I am usually a size 10, so I ordered a Large. I probably should have gotten an XL. It pinches in the under arm area. On a side note, it does wash well.


Received this dress today and tried it on it is gorgeous. Fit as expected just need to view the size chart. The material of the dress is excellent. One thing I can say it is a little long but it can be hemmed.


Sized very small!! Ordered a 4X, I usually wear a 2X. Dress is no more than an 18/20. Tried to contact seller got no response now I'm stuck with a dress that is way too small!!


Brightly colored and fit is perfect! Pay attention to the size chart and you cannot go wrong. We did have an issue that was resolved instantly with one e-mail to the seller!


