I ordered the xxl being a size 12-14.  It fits pergectly . However, I am 5'3 the dress is almost 10 inches too long. For the cheap price of yhe dress i am happy to pay extra for hemming. I ordered 2 day shipping, got it a little over 1 day! Just got the dress in the mail. (I have yet to get this hemmed in the photo)


The dress is really very cute and decently made, especially for the price. I've pad ten times this much for less quality. It is a bit snug, so i suggest going up a size and if you are busty, maybe even two sizes.


Quality was good but runs small. Got it for my mom. It was too small on her but it look great on my cousin. She wears it to church and loves it


Great packaging. Thick material. Long enough to cover my knees barely and I'm 5"9'. I weigh 135 and I got a small. The packaging is awesome and it shipped fast (I have prime) it's a good dress I would recommend it to anyone. I have ordered multiple things from avcevog and i have never been disappointed. Even when it was to big they promptly refunded me.


Ordered this in the yellow flower pattern earlier this year and this one was just as beautiful and extremely flattering!


I am 5'8, and this dress was cut too short through the body.... the flare of the skirt began too high on my waist, and unfortunately, looked ridiculous.  Other than that, the fabric was nice, the color, the overall look was great.  Just too short bodied for me.  So if you have any length in your torso, it may not work for you.  Sadly it had to be returned.


Amazing dress , perfect for mu tropical night


Didn't realize this product was coming from China when I ordered it. I had horrorible thoughts about the fit and quality of the dress. Or if it would even arrive.


It got here quickly and fits like a dream. Very nice.


The dress' material was great and stretchy but the waist and length were too short. If you are 5'8 and tall, this dress will become a mini dress. Great for those with a shorter advantage in height!


I would only say this dress was okay.  It would work for one or two occasions, I don't think it would stand up to being washed or dry cleaned.  It was also very hard to press all the wrinkles out.  As to the fit, I found that it seemed to be short in the waist.  I am only 5 ft 2 inches and the waist was a couple of inches above my waist.  This may be how some like to wear it.


