This dress is obviously not going to be top-of-the-line, based solely on the price, but I certainly wasn't expecting such a throw-away item. I ordered what I would have believed to be my size, and recieved a dress probably two sizes too big, and even taken in to fit me, it's beyond unflattering, even though it's a style of dress I have worn many times before! Super odd shaped, the top of the dress semms to either be made for someone flat chested, or someone whose chest touches their chin. Two thumbs down.


I adore this dress! it flatters every body type. I'm a size 8 for most things, and using the size chart here I find this fit me nicely. I need someone else to fully zip me up in the back tho, so unless you have extra bendy arms, have a friend on hand to help you finish getting dressed. The length is nice, cute but not trashy. It pairs really well with a black petticoat underneath.


well made too.


Crap! If I could give it zero stars I would! !!!! Thin horrible material that looks nothing like the picture. Why does amazon keep letting these firms list? ????


This dress is gorgeous!  I absolutely love the colors.  It does run a little small so make sure you check the measurements.  I love the way it looks and how it sways when I walk.  It seems to be good quality fabric and is well made.  It is a very slimming dress as it is close fitting up top but flares at the bottom to hide problem areas.  I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.


I'm 5'4", 160 lbs, 40DDD and 35 waist. I usually wear a US size 12  After reading all the reviews, I really debated about what size to buy.  I ended up buying an XXL, mostly because I wanted to be sure it fit in the bust, which it did.  Not too snug but comfortable. The waist is easily 2" too big but it has side ties so it works.


As others have said, the first seam hits just under my bust!  I don't think their designers have allowed for big-busted women.  I wear the dress for dancing and the skirt has a pretty good flair to it.  I wear a crinoline petticoat underneath.


I'm happy with the dress and will buy others.


I loved this dress. Got the red and white stripes in my usual size. It fits well, though a little loose, but it's flattering and very comfortable. HOWEVER, I washed it on a cold water delicate cycle, and all the red bled into the white. Now there are pink spots everywhere. SO disappointed. I couldn't wait to wear this for Christmas. Maybe some other patterns are better, but I wanted to warn others of this. It got ruined before I even got to wear it.


LOVE this dress!! I got compliments non stop all night wearing this dress paired with the petticoat, and I felt so beautiful in it! My fiancé was wowed by it too :)


I got it in a small, and feel it could be a little smaller as I wear a dress size 0-2


I purchased the polka-dot 50's themed dress because it looked so elegant. When I received it (which was quickly) I was so excited about it because I buy from this seller all the time! She never disappoints, and the dresses don't either. Its like a peplum dress, it hugs all the right spots and gives you a nice silhouette. Highly recommend this product to all the women debating!


Great fit. Beautiful dress. Soft material does not shrink on wash. Will be getting more patterns from this store


Fits well. Material is nice and appropriately thick (ie you can't see through it). Good constriction. 5'7" and goes approximately to the top my knees. Very comfortable. Colors are vibrant. True to pictures


