Wonderful fit! I am 5'3", 145 lbs., 34C. I am hour glassed shaped. I ordered the medium. A smidgen of extra room in the shoulders but not noticeable. It hides my lower abdomen pooch.I do feel that if I were to lose 5-10lbs than it would be big in the shoulders. (That ain't happening any time soon) I also purchased the petticoat but didn't wear it for this occasion, which was my daughter's graduation. Loads of compliments. Added bonus: feels like a one of a kind.


very pretty ... i am really happy with this ...


this is going to be nice when i go out to dinner !  i can't wait to wear it.


I have this dress in white with blue flowers and black .. both are great!


it ties in the back so the waist fits perfect


(145, 5'8" 34D)


Really cute, but the bodice is cut strangely - it flared out very wide under the arms. I am lucky that I can sew as I am able to take it in myself. Too cute to return, but if I couldn't fix it myself I probably would have sent it back. The cut might work on a larger busted woman. I am 5'5", 160lbs, 38B. Also, I ordered "light green" but it is brighter than pictured or described - I would say bright aqua.


Absolutely phrnomenal. I got the balck one with roses and just OMG!! I'm 5'8" and curvy and it's so difficult to find anything that fits properly and is long, eapecially harder online. I read a few reviews and figured it was worth trying. And I do NOT regret this decision. I bought it for a wedding. I've worn it to work. Let's just say, I'll be buying probably all of them in the same style! They're absolutely beautiful, the material is fantastic, the fit is about as perfect as it cuuld be. I got the large because of my bust. And shockingly it fit! And it fit WELL!! Everywhere! There's room to move without looking unkempt. The only downsode is the very teeny delicate zipper. I have to have someone get it for me but for this dress?! I'm okay with this one misstep. Absolutely glorious!! I can't wait for the others!


Material is lovely and the fit is awesome.  I bought a large. I looked at size chart and it was perfect.  My only thing not giving 5 stars is that as soon as I took the dress from package the zipper handle came off in my hand...so I definitely have to change zipper..ACECOV please make some adjustment to the zipper...but I plan on buying other colors..wore it with yelow top and  got lots of compliments


Perhaps just a mis-match between a "cookie cutter dress" and a human body. Easily fixed by a seamstress. Did not realize it had ties on the back (kind of silly to me) so those might have to go.


I'm 5'2 with a waist size of 25 inches and the small fit perfectly both in measurements and length. However it is a bit loose but a good amount so if I decide to indulge in sweets I have some wiggle room for weight gain lol. I am absolutely in love with this dress! I got so many compliments when I wore it. I felt super confident too. The material is great and light weight! Oh and I ordered a slip separate to make the dress flare out. Ahh I just want more in every color I can get.


I debated buying this dress for weeks!! I was worried that it wouldn't fit, b/c of the smaller sizing. I am 5'5", 173 with a 34in waist and 44in hips. I am pear shaped and a 36B on top. I got an XL, and it fits wonderfully. It looks fantastic. If you are teetering with whether or not to buy this dress, I say go for it. Just make sure to take your measurements and buy accordingly. I normally wear a M/L on topa nd size 12 jeans. I am DEFINITELY buying more of these.


I read the chart for the sizes and ordered a Large, but it was too tight for my taste. I exchanged it for XL and that should be fine. The material is very thick not flimsy. I also ordered a petticoat. I will only dry clean this dress so it stays nice. I would like to order other colors later.


After reading everyone else's posts about sizing. I order 2 sizes up. I normally wear a 16P or xl. I'm glad I ordered up. It fits very nicely. I liked it so much I ordered more. I'm 5"2'- it hits right below my knees. I also ordered the slip to help make it look more puffy and can't wait to see what these dresses look like with those under. Decently quality. Very pleased with my purchase. Arrived fast and nicely packaged.


