I am always afraid to buy cloths, especially dresses online.  Sizing for clothing is so inconsistent and you never know how it is going to fit.  I saw this dress and loved it, then I saw the pics os ladies my size and larger wearing their dresses and they looked great!  So I picked out what color I wanted, and for the price was willing to try.  Their sizing chart is spot on!


I am so glad that I did.  My husband loved me in it.  I felt beautiful in it.  Thanks!!!


So cute!  I have been complimented on this retro dress many times.  It did fit a bit small but then I like a little wiggle room so it may be okay for others.  With the  busy pattern, I wear it with a simple necklace and plain shoes.  It looks great with a solid jacket or light sweater for work, then I take the jacket off and switch my shoes out for heals and I am ready for a night out.  The waist is slimming and the full skirt covers my hips well.  At first the fabric was stiff, but softens after washing.  The fabric is heavy enough that I don't need to wear a slip under it.


Cute with nice thick fabric. But the stitching was messed up in the front of the dress when i got it! I wanted to return it and get it a new one in a bigger size. But the seller made it such a hassle! It's now hanging in my closet, torn and unworn. I will never buy from this seller again.


I love love love this dress! It came today, great stretchy cotton material, pretty print (black with red roses), FITS PERFECTLY! Nice length - I'm 5'7" and it falls below my knee. Makes my waist tiny. I'm 187 lbs (ugh...) so the XL is perfect. Get one if you're pear shaped! SO lovely. (I would look better in the photo but I had dental surgery two days ago and couldn't smile.) 


Gorgeous dress. I guess I didn't measure myself properly because I thought I ordered accordingly. But I could only zip the dress half way up my back. I'm keeping it in the vain hope I will lose weight and be able to wear it because it simply is gorgeous. Or maybe I'll eventually cave and give it as a gift to someone. For reference I'm 5'10" 38D and usually wear a  US size 14 dress comfortably.


I really loved these dresses I got them in blue and in red floral. My only complaint is that on the seams on the side are higher than the rest of the hem. It could be an easy fix and really no one noticed. The top was extremely tight but I was prepared for this as it was little on the small size compared to my measurements. I bought the 4x even though normally I wear a 2x or 3x or size 20


The fabric was on the heavy side of cotton so it hung very well and flowed away from my body beginning at the waist so it was very flattering.


I really love this dress. The quality is ok, I wish the fabric did not wrinkle so easily.  The fit is pretty much as expected, the dress was a little tight in the chest area for me but I am larger in the chest than most ladies who are my height/size.  I bought this for a 1950's theme night at a company conference because I thought it looked like something I might wear again to a summer wedding or party. I also bought a crinoline to make the skirt look as full/flaired out as it appears in the picture.  Without the crinoline it is still very pretty but the length is a bit longer and definitely not as full as it looks in the picture.  2 of my team members ordered this same dress in other colors and also loved it.  If it did not wrinkle so bad I would have given it 5 stars.  I may try to use some starch spray for the next time  I wear it.


loveLOVElove this dress! I'm 5'0" and 130lbs, 34A. I purchased the medium because well, I like to eat. :) The zipper seems a little fragile, so be gentle when zipping up your dress (or better yet, get someone else to help you with it!) The fabric is a little stretchy and is not thin (but not thick either), and the medium is a tiny bit bigger than what I need, but that's the fit that I like. This dress is very forgiving of a little belly, and I adore the print. Can't wait to have an occasion to wear this dress!


I was really excited about this dress.  When I opened the packaging, the material was heavy enough that I didn't have to be concerned with it being too shear/see-through, but not so heavy that I was worried that I would get too hot.  However the sizing was WAY off.  I ordered an XL, as I normally wear a size 14 dress, but read reviews that it ran a little small.  When I tried the dress on, I was afraid the zipper would pop if I took a a deep breath...there was no way I would be able to wear it for an extended amount of time.  The material wasn't stretchy so I knew I couldn't keep it.  Such a shame, too, because the dress was just as beautiful in person as it is in the photo.


I love this dress. I didn't realize the fabric was a little stretchy. That helps it fit in the waste. I am normally a size 12 and this size 12 is a little snug but a 14 would be too big. I think it helps hold me in so I like that. Bought a pair of black wedge sandals and the outfit looks great!


