~~I want to give this 5 stars but it did not fit me very well and went back.


**This dress is very beautiful on so many of you women who have posted photos! Thanks for doing that as it helped with the dress I picked out. I had a hard time ordering as so many of us do. Even though mine went back I want to tell you why.


**At 5'7", 155,40-30-40 I decided to order a large. Looking at the pictures and reading the reviews and being that this is a cotton dress, I had no idea if it would fit in the chest as that is where I have the biggest problem with dresses. It did fit  but too large. It puckered close to 4 inches at the neck line and under the arm pits it puckered/or stuck out 4" as well.


~~The waist was big, but if I kept I would have tied the bow in front, on the side, leaving me with a smooth back and fuller front. The length was perfect just a few inches below my knee. I was in a quandary about ordering medium because I NEVER buy a medium.


~~Bottom line was I would have had to have it altered. That would have been fine, and IF I did decide to do that, I would have added pockets!! This dress would be PERFECT with pockets! I am at a point in my life where I will NOT keep anything that is just fine- I have spent way too much money on 'just fine' clothes that I never wear! So it went back. I bought in the black with red roses and if you are one of the many women who love this dress I would encourage you to buy this pattern. It is STUNNING! The flowers are vibrant red! They did not skimp on roses on this dress and the chest area had the perfect placement of flowers. OH! It does have a tiny bit of stretch!


LOVELY dress for so many of you, so I will go back and look at the pictures and may just but one day and do the alter thing!!


I ordered my usual size and it was a bit too tight so I tried to return it for a larger size. This was the response I received......  Item: ACEVOG Womens Slim Fit Floral Scoop Neck Sleeveless Midi Dress


  Quantity: 1


  ASIN: B00WW8D5SM


  Reason for refund: Account adjustment


  Here's the breakdown of your refund for this item:


  Item Refund: $3.50


Notes: Dear, because our company in China, to return the goods very troublesome. We recommend that you keep items, You can give your friends or family, they will be very happy,we return 15% of the money to you, I hope you will accept our proposal,  thank u


We'll apply your refund to the following payment method(s):


Beautiful flora print fit-and-flare dress. I am 5'4 and 135lbs and the small fit perfectly. I wore this dress to a tea-party and it was a big hit. I liked it so much that I ordered another dress in the purple gradient print! Great dress, for an amazing price.


Love this dress! It fit perfect! I order a large, I am 5'6' 185Ibs and it look great on me......


I have mixed reviews of this dress. For starters it is from China so the sizing is off. I'm about a 10 in US sizes which generally puts me at an XXL in Chinese sizes. So that's what I got. It was a little big but 1 size down may have been too small. He fabric (I got the green one with flowers) is absolutely beautiful. However, the chest area is SUPER boxy. Like super unflattering and I wouldn't wear it. I took it and had it altered and for $30 (which was more than the dress cost) now it looks awesome. There are ties attached but one was halfway hanging off (which my seamstress fixed for free). So I'd say of you love the look of the dress and don't mind paying for alterations go for it. If you want to wear it straight from the bag I may skip. So, was it worth it? Would I buy again? Absolutely. I wore it on formal night of my cruise and felt beautiful all night long and got several compliments (I wore it with a petticoat underneath).


Pros-


- beautiful print fabric


- once altered it fit awesome


- I felt beautiful in it


- lots of compliments


- it was cheap


Cons


- sewing was iffy


- must be altered to fit well


- boxy chest, not fitted (and I'm a 34D)


- a little long (I'm 5'3")


- shoulders were a bit wide for my taste


Veryyyyy impressed. Fabric is NICE! GREAT QUALITY and my large Fits me perfectly and the delivery was prompt. Will be ordering more. Thanks for this item and the affordable price.


The dress is gorgeous!  I ordered a large (I'm usually a medium in dresses) thinking it would be somewhat small according to the reviews, but that wasn't the case with me.  I think I could have got away with a medium, but the large is fine. Just a little big in the chest area.  My measurements are 38,35,41.  Since I have big hips, the dress sit's on my hips making it even more flowy and I love that.  It really accentuates my waist.  The material is good quality and has a bit of stretch.  I am 5'3.5 and the dress goes right below my knee. I'm going to have it hemmed a few inches to show off my sexy legs. Lol.  I'll be wearing this to a wedding with a cardigan.


UPDATE:: I had it hemmed 5.5 inches and I love it even more! Very classy Overall, it is a great quality dress and I would definitely purchase from this seller again.


Although the description said blue and white, the dots look more black to me.  I am 5'2" and about 124 lbs.and although I tend to wear a 6, I went up in size to a M.  The top of the dress fit nicely along the bust with good stretch.  The arm openings were a good size, not too small and didn't gap.  The dress hit me about knee length. Unfortunately, I have a stomach and the dress just didn't look good on me.  Through no fault of its own, the dress is going back.


This was purchased for our daughter for a 50's-themed birthday party she is throwing for one of her best friends. We received it yesterday and she immediately tried it on.


She. is. thrilled!


It is always a gamble when you buy clothing online, particularly garments which are made overseas, because manufacturers seem to have VERY different ideas about sizing labels and measurements. Our daughter is a fairly big girl, so we had our fingers crossed that this would fit. She decided to "err on the large side" and we ordered a 4X-plus. She normally buys a 2X in a brick and mortar store. It has been our experience that when we are ordering garments made overseas we ALWAYS need to order 1 to 3 sizes larger than we usually wear, otherwise they are much too small. She gauged this sizing perfectly as it fits "like a glove."


She really likes the fabric of this garment. She says, "I like it because it is a little thick but not too much so, and it has just a little bit of stretch to accommodate the 'girls'. Of course I love the pattern - that was the reason why I bought it. The length is great, it's comfortable and it's good for hiding the large posterior (she laughs)."


"It flares nicely even without a petticoat because of the stiffness of the fabric."


Because my daughter is very full-busted, there is some gapping around the front of the armholes and it is a little tight across the bustline with the darts not quite hitting her in the right place, but these are the same problems she would have with any other off-the-rack dress, and definitely not a deal breaker.


Overall, the quality, cut and design of this dress are very attractive and appear durable. It is a perfect "retro style" dress and she is really looking forward to the party so that she will have an "excuse" to wear it for the first time. It is definitely a "twirl-worthy" dress!


We ordered this on Amazon Prime and received it in two days. Overall we are very happy with this purchase.


Lovely dress I altered it's length to just on the knees got lots of compliments


