I bought the black-and-white checkerboard dress. It's an ok dress. The poor alignment of the pattern along the seams creates an awkward visual effect when worn. The dress could also use more darting for a better fit around the neckline. Overall, the dress feels like it was put together very slap-dash, with no evidence of tailoring skill. You get what you paid for. I would recommend purchasing in a solid color, rather than a pattern.


I'm 5'4" and 130 lbs. I bought a medium. It's too big in the bust and WAY too long. It'll need to be altered before being worn. Quality is what is to be expected for the price. Beautiful pattern.


Wow! I never have such luck with ordering clothes online and I am happy to report that this not only fit like a glove, but is a real quality made dress. I can't wait to wear it out on the town!


Glad I read a review saying order a larger size. Ordered 2 sizes bigger. The length was longer than I expected but the top part could have been bigger. The skirt started right below my breasts. Overall nice dress.


It's very cute. Their sizes are accurate, but look at the sizing guide to be sure. don't assume small. go with your biggest measurement. A bit itchy material.


The dress is just beautiful!  Fits great.  I like that it had some give to it, just a little stretch. I have a black crinoline slip that makes the dress look even better, but you could totally where the dress without one. I just like the little poof it gives.


Now I'm trying to figure out the shoes, considering black or a nude color shoe.


I wore this dress with the petticoat under it for that special 50's look. The dress is more beautiful and vibrant when it arrived.


Great dress for the money - the style is great and the fabric has lots give. Plan to purchase more from the same company.


I get a lot of compliments with this dress. Hugs me in all the right places. Goes great with any black cardigan. I've worn it for just about every occasion you can think of.


This dress is beautiful! It was longer than I expected and love it. After reading the other reviews, I did buy a bigger size and I'm glad I did. Fits perfect.


