What a great dress for the price! I read the reviews so got a side larger than my normal size. I am 5'8" and wear a size 16 and a size 2X in plus size shirts, I have a 40E bra size and the 3X dress fit perfectly! Great color and great flow with a petty coat.


I love this dress!!! I ordered it for a new year eves party just to have the package stolen! I contacted the company and they overnighted a replacement for free! I love the dress and love this company would recommend to others


Great cute dress for the price. It arrived about 2 weeks sooner than expected. The fit is perfect. I am 5'10" a size 8 and it fits like it is supposed to. I bought a size medium. It is a cotton spandex blend so there is some stretch to it which is nice since the bodice is fitted yet very comfortable. I am older so not a big fan of bows in the back. I wrapped the tie around my waist and tied it in front instead. Love it!


This dress is absolutely perfect for me. It is soft, simple and yet glamorous!


Wonderful dress, but the material is very thin and wrinkles so easily. The belt was also cheap looking and not well-suited to the dress. I have a tiny waist, so it did not fit very well, but it would probably do very well for others.


First, I have prime so it arrived on time in 2 days. Second, it did arrive with a dirt spot on the back of the dress that I hope will wash out, kind of gross. Third, the material is not thick but not super thin.


I bought this dress for a spring wedding next month that I am so excited to wear! It fits great. I'm 5'4, 140 lbs and purchased a medium. I also bought a petticoat which gives the dress a nice lift. I only gave two stars because the quality was terrible. The bottom of this dress was so uneven, it was very noticeably longer in the front and i had to take it to my seamstress TWICE to get it right. It is definitely a hit or miss when purchasing ANYTHING from China aND so far, quite a few misses, for me.


I really think it's a beautiful dress and would like more, maybe I will try a different brand?


I love this dress, its feminine with vibrant colors that pop. The fabric was just right for summer and my dress din't have any defects as far as the sewing was concern (I was nervous about this after having read some of the other reviews), but I lucked out and everything was well made. I did have it hemmed as I'm 5'5 and it hit just below the knee, I wanted the dress to be slightly above. It was money well spent!


plenty of room in the back.  no lining.  really have to iron it after washing to keep the edges down.  comes with a little black belt.  I get lots of compliments when I wear it


I'm 5' 4" 135lbs, and I bought the large.  Fits a little loose in the back, but that's okay.  I'm a B size cup.  A gal with a bigger boosum would be happy in this dress too.


I ordered this dress for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding I am in this summer. I love it!!! All of us "well endowed" (in the chest) ladies know I fit and flare is great at balancing out a larger chest and this works perfectly. I plan on ordering at least one more of not more. After reading other reviews I was a bit nervous and ordered a size up. I normally wear a 2X in most dresses with structure. I ordered it in a 3X. While, strangely, there's a little extra room in the back, if that makes sense, it fits great; without being too tight or too loose, in the chest and stomach area. I highly recommend this dress. You might not feel a need to size up but if you do, I feel you would still be safe.


Absolutely love this dress on my daugjtet fit her perfect she is 5 5" 160 pounds and we got her a medium


