I absolutely loved the dress! The texture and quality of the material was much better than I had expected. A personal note card was also included, which added a nice touch. I was, however, disappointed that I received the wrong size though. I ordered a small and received an XXL. I had to return it and try to reorder in hopes to get the correct size. I would definitely recommend ordering from ACEVOG and will most certainly order again.


I love this dress and it loves me. this dress is super comfortable and fits just right. This dress made everything about me look good, from my head to my toes. This is the perfect summer dress for anyone who falls on any part of the size spectrum and has the ability to add some wonderful accessories to it to make it a whole new dress.


Loads of compliments on this dress.  I am a little "top heavy'. I ordered a large and it fit very well.


I love this dress! I would wear it every day if I could. It's very light and comfortable, fits great, and is incredibly flattering. I was worried about the quality, given the price, but was pleasantly surprised when it arrived.


Nice dress but the 3 x was way too big and I had to fix it. But its great now. Took in the sides a bit. Still lovely. If you are a 2x just get that regular size as it runs big.


Could be hemmed but was amazing I can't wait to order another , check your size before ordering.


This dress is gorgeous. It fit me like a glove. I ordered an XL; I'm a size 16-18 jeans. I wore it to a wedding and received several compliments. I will say this: if you are busty, this dress might be a bit tight. This is probably the only time in my life I was appreciative of my small chest.


Dress and material are beautiful seems well made for the price, however i rated a 3stsr due to fit. I am short 5'3" and on the heavy side (dress size 12-14) the bust was tight but gapped under my arms,zipper hard to get up. Understandably The dress is not for me in size XL.


I recently retired, and this is the dress I ordered for my celebration.  I was the queen of the ball.  This dress, worn with the flared petticoat slip was absolutely breathtaking!  Two friends ordered one in different colors.  Once I got the right size (I'm 5'8", 178 lbs and I had to order the tent-maker's size, because it runs very small), I was super satisfied.  I'm looking forward to another occasion when I can wear it again.


Have to hem it, falls to mid calf and I wanted knee length, perfect fit otherwise


