I ordered an extra large (1X), which is the size I normally wear but this dress was a little tight. But it is such a pretty dress and I really like it and I did get a lot of compliments on the dress.


Love this dress!  Overall, Acevog dresses run just a tad bit large, but that is a great thing.  I have found that many other Asian brands run small, so I am so glad that Acevog does not.  ALSO, Acevog dresses are such high quality.  The material is great and the construction is great as well.


Love it. The material is a little thin, I'll wear a slip under it but I don't think it's strictly necessary. Fits really well. I'm a little long waisted and the waist falls perfect for me.


Nice modest dress. Love it. Some small strings at the bottom here and there but not a issue at all!


My size is 34c ,waist28," hip38". Bought a large but really needed a medium. It's a great dress. The fit  is wonderful length is just right and the color is just as shown. Nice light cotton that iron very well. Did not wash this one as yet  but I bought one with blue and black flowers with a white background and after washing the black "bleed" and there were little black water marks some places. However it can still be worn.overall it's a great dress .


It fits beautifully, it's very attractive, and the price can't be beat. I love it and plan on purchasing more in different patterns.


I had high hopes for this dress, but it was not for me.  I am normally a Large in dresses, but this was too small, both in the waist and chest area.  Even if I wore a girdle for the waist the chest area was very restricting.  The style is cute and the fabric is really nice.  Seems well made.


I am head over heels in love with this dress! I get compliments from friends and strangers whenever I wear it!


I hold most of my weight in my stomach, I couldn't tell you how much I actually weigh but I'm 5'7" and ordering the 2X was the perfect fit. It flatters your body without suffocating you.


For the price, you can't beat the look and quality. I'll definitely be ordering again in a different color.


I was not hopeful, considering the price tag. But to my amazement this dress is adorable, fits nice and snug on top and flowy on the bottom. The dress comes folded in a package so I did have to spend some time ironing it, but i'll dry clean from now on, so I won't have to worry about it. I will definately buy from this vendor again.


I'm really satisfied with my purchases. I ordered six different dresses. My advice is: MEASURE! Measure your bust, waist and hips and you should be able to select the correct size. When my dresses came in they all fit as I expected them to. As for the material and quality, ehhh, a little on the cheaper side. However, not cheap enough to deter me from keeping them. The dresses are a cotton/spandex blend, I presume, but no washing instructions or material tag attached. I washed them inside out on warm and tumble dried low, they came out fine. The only different dress was the brown and blue plaid dress, that was more of a heavier cotton. For measurement scale I'm 140 pounds, Bust 40, waist 35, hips 44 and I ordered a XL for all dresses.


