Absolutely love this dress. Perfect color, fit, stretch, sewing, everything...EXCEPT, for some reason the around the waist panel, which is right under the boobs, is sewn very obviously uneven. It's like an inch or more less on one side than the other. If you wear it flat it is very obvious. I usually scrunch it up so it doesn't show, or you could wear a thick belt high up. Hasn't stopped me from wearing it cause otherwise it's awesome. Hopefully mine was a 1 time flop.


SO glad I only lost $20 on this dress.  I initiated a return and they offered $7 if I could find a friend who wanted it. It fit fine but really looked like a first time sewing project when you tried it on.


I ordered this dress thinking it would be like the first dress I ordered from this company. The dress is pleated and shorter than I expected. It is cotton and will need to be ironed a lot! It is not stretchy material. The fit is true to size.


Tons of compliments on this dress. I'm a size 16, I ordered an XXXL and still had room to move. Wore a petticoat underneath and bootie heels. Very classy. I also have it in another color and print. The fabric is a bit stiff at first, but I used a steamer on it and it smoothed it out perfectly.


Would love to order a couple more in different prints.


I love the cut and fit of this dress, but it wrinkles. When I took it out of the bag, it was perfectly starched and lovely, but after I wore it it wrinkled and I've never been able to get them back out. If you want something low maintenance, this piece doesn't fit the bill. It's hand wash only and definitely needs to be ironed. The maintenance aside though, it's absolutely lovely and comfortable to wear.


I only give 4 stars because a large portion of thread was coming out near the, hard to zip up zipper,..... even before trying it on. Didn't send it back, only, because it was an Easter dress so I just hid the thread and wore it. Looks beautiful on. Just wish I didn't have to have it repaired when it was shipped somewhat in disrepair. Otherwise, I love the dress & the fit!


Ran very small, probably 3 sizes too small. But customer service was amazing. Refunded transaction right away and got to keep the dress and gave to someone else.


My wife loves it and has gotten numerous compliments from her coworkers.


Quality and color very nice


I wear a 14 so I got XL and it fit perfect.  Great length. Only wish it did not tie in back.  If it tied in front perfect dress.  Great material.


