Too large and I wasn't happy with how I looked wearing it


I'm definitely loving the dress, though it's a bit long on my frame but still very pretty. I love the vintage look on it, and would definitely buy another one in the near future.


Cute dress. Fits fine.  I received a lot of compliments. Not made particularly well.


Very pretty. Nice fit.


Very beautiful dress with amazing detailing, I've been getting compliments here and there! My armpit fat is hidden which is hard to find with sleeveless dresses! I give it 4 stars :)


Really lovely dress :) it's perfect for summer and has a really great range of patterns! Definitely recommend buying it!


I think I made my husband's eyes pop. He liked it, and he wasn't lying, not if his eyes could speak words.


Yes, it fits well, true to size. I wear medium. I ordered medium, and it fits from bust to waist perfectly (the skirt flares out, so hip measurements aren't important). It looks tailored but it provides good support and is very comfortable.


The cloth is cotton. It shrunk just a little after washing, and it needs ironing. It came with some threads loose, but that issue was quickly solved with scissors.


The dress falls below the knee, so I don't have to worry as much about sitting and bending or anything riding up. I wore it to a party over the weekend. It's very cute.


This product was provided for review by Acevog.


I LOVE this dress. I felt so pretty twirling about. I paired it with a black crinoline for a wedding.  So many compliments all day.


Super super super great fit, beautiful dress


Love this dress!!! I bought the purple flower version. To all the people complaining about the fit: these are NOT American or UK sizes! Use the chart and take your measurements and it will be perfect. Love the material, the length, an the bias cut for stretch. I went back and ordered a different color, in fact.


Really love my new dress!  Comes just to my knee and I am almost 6ft tall.  It says hand wash only, and lay flat to dry.  I read this AFTER removing it from the washer!  It held up just fine though, I did lay it flat to dry.  I also purchased the same dress in solid black and am awaiting arrival!


