I am obsessed with this dress!  It is a cute fit and flair and looked so flattering!  It is the perfect length which is to my knees and I am 5 foot 6 inches tall!  The material is soft and washes nicely without fading!  I can't wait to wear it again this summer/spring!


I'm a larger woman, and as such, I've always been wary of buying clothing online because if I can't try it on, how will I know it fits AND is flattering?!?


I saw this dress (light green) and fell in love with it. I was still nervous about buying online, especially because it's coming from China, but I decided to take the leap. And I'm so glad I did!!


Not only did my dress arrive five days before Amazon said it would, the dress is even prettier than it is in the picture!! It's the most beautiful light green/blue color, and the floral design is nothing like I've found here in the states.


As for the fit, I ordered the 3X, and while it's a tad bit tighter than I was expecting, it isn't unflattering in the least! I would totally order another dress like this!


This dress is adorable!  Very pretty print and nice material, which has a slight comfortable stretch.  The bodice of the dress is just a hint snug, making the neckline bow out slightly.  I may need to get it tailored, but it will be worth it when done.  I wish the neckline had just a bit more of a curve in the front - it is high and straight, making it rest across my collar bones.  The length is perfect just below the knee (I'm 5'4" and 150 pounds).  I have a petticoat on order, which should make it fan out.  Very pretty dress.


Girlfriend typically wears an 8-10 or a large but has a fairly big bust so we got the XL based off measurements I took from a similar dress. The fabric is fine and the fit was spot on and even has a little bit more stretch to it. However the measurements seem to have changed since my purchase. The XL measurements when I purchased the dress were :


Bust 104cm/40.94''  Waist 88cm/34.65''  Shoulder 44cm/17.32''  Length 108cm/42.52''


I wore this dress for Easter, and got TONS of compliments!  I am a busty size 14 so ordered a size XL.  It was a little tight in the chest but I wore a short, light weight sweater and it looked great.  I also have this dress in navy polka dot and red plaid.  The fabric is heavy and stretchy.  Nice quality, especially for the price.  Great dress!


I absolutely love this dress...it is well made for the price...love, love, love!! I will be ordering another...probably with long sleeves...


A little thin for the material. Looks dynamite on though.  The print is darling. Looks good with or without the underskirting. Let's see how it comes out once it is washed. Four stars only due to having to wash gently and lay flat to dry.  As a gauge, I am 5'8"and 155 lbs.and it fit perfectly. I am short wasted and long legs.


I just have to be fair. I loooooove it. I'm a 2x but with this material you have to get another size bigger (chest area especially girls). It was a little tight. It's too late for me to return it, the only thing I can do is lose weight for it to fit right. It sucks, it's so pretty but it doesn't fit me.


At first, I was disappointed that the shipping time they've given me wasn't until July 10 (I ordered on the 28th of May) but I received it today. Perfect fit, definitely a summer dress. This is on the longer side though. It went near my ankles. The design is nice and the fabric is cotton. The heading mentions cat lady land, the writer (Angie Bailey) bought this for herself and shared the link on her site, and that's how I found it.


The dress worked out well for my event. It's also not super dressy so it could be worn at work as well.


Pros:


The fabric is stretchy so it fits comfortably. It hugs higher on the waist so it gives you a slimming look. The skirt falls just below the knee (I'm 5'5 and have long legs with a short torso).


Cons:


The fabric wrinkles easily. The fabric around the collar did not lay well as it was slightly too big.


All in all, the dress was a good buy for the price and I will wear it again.


