Really love this dress.  Especially for the price and the material is very solid.  Very complimentary.  I wear a size 8-10 and got the large and it fits perfectly so just a warning as sometimes 8-10 is considered a medium.


I am glad I read the other reviews.  Some of the other reviews said they had to buy one size larger.  Which I did.  It has some room left.  I was a swimmer in high school and although most dresses fit my waist perfectly they tend to be too small in the shoulder back area and the larger size helped with that.  I was very happy with the fit.


Great dress. I'm sort of between Medium and Large so I ordered the large. It fits perfectly. The material is good quality and has a little bit of stretch to it so it's really comfortable. I'm 5'10" and it falls just at my knee. I will definitely be ordering some of the other colors.


This dress was entirely perfect for a wedding, moreso because I looked fabulous in it in my wheelchair! It is so difficult to find affordable accessible clothing, so when I find something I shout it out to my wheelie friends as well as buy more from the inclusive seller. #wheelchairfashion


Beautiful and very high quality. This is a very modest and proper looking dress-- the material wouldn't be great for a summer day but it would be excellent for a casual dinner party. I'm 5'2 and the dress comes down to my mid calf-- long on me but I'll just buy some monster heels.


This is my second Acevog dress I ordered and I love it. Has that rock-a-billy vibe to it and moves really well. I read from another reviewer that the sizes run a bit small so when ordering, size up. Do that and your fit will be perfect. Mine was!!!


It is beautiful and I really like it , however it is a little tight in the chest area.  I am not huge but a little larger and normally a XL will work for me, and it will work just a little snug :)


Cute dress, decent quality. Top is loose and large in comparison to waist. Definitely not made for those who are smaller in the chest and shoulder areas.


A few years ago my daughter had ordered this dress for me for mothers day. I had ordered my true size (2×) and it fit like large so it was returned. This time I ordered a 4x and it fit perfectly. It's not to tight around the arms or hips. I love it.


This is beautifully made for a female form.  I am 5'3, 116 lbs, and tend to be a bit wider across the shoulders.  That's where I'm feeling a bit of a tightness.  The length and proportion are appropriate of this style of dress.


