I bought this dress with three others and they are all just perfect.  The purple color just pops against the white background and the fit is perfect.


this dress is cut weird in the top. if you have large breasts, there is a gap that shows the side of your bra. Also, the length is right at the knees. wish it was longer.


I love this dress. The top of the dress was a little too high, but it mostly fits well. I wear it all the time.


This dress is amazing!  I got it in green and received so many compliments. It is striking!


The dress is cute and the material is good.  It just didn't fit my body--my shoulders are too broad for this cut. But the company was so easy to deal with when returning the dress. I actually had to return it twice--bought it in 2 sizes, neither fit. No hassle returns--very happy about that.


Can't say enough about this dress. The price is perfect, the cut is perfect.  I got so many compliments on it the first time I wore it, I have no doubt Ill ordering other dresses from this company.


I love this dress so much! It's so cute and fits me so well! I am 5' 10" so it is difficult to find a dress that covers my legs to the point where I don't look like a hoochy mama. It falls about to my knees - perfect! The pattern is very cute as well! I love this dress!!!


I'm totally in love with my purchase!! Fits perfectly, feels good on and the quality is good especially for that price!


So I ordered the dress to wear for Halloween since our theme at work is 50s sock hop. I was a little dispaoointeted with the material but then again it's only for a day and you can't beat the price. I'm mostly disappointed with the size range since it's runs a tad bit small but I was mostly disappointed with the fact that there was a distortion in the fabric smack in the middle of the dress.


way too small, couldn't get it over my head, I gave it to my niece who is a size 10-12 it was too small for her as well.


I LOVE the dress though will probably return for larger size


