I love this dress! It looks just as pictured and flows in a lovely way down close to my knees. I weigh 150 and my height is 5'3, I ordered a medium and it fits perfectly. It took just a day to ship and only two weeks to arrive to my house. I am very happy with my order and are thinking about buying the purple and black floral dress.


So beautiful, felt like a little girl again. Loving it. Since then I bought a second dress (white with black polka dots) and now I am in the process of buying another one (red check dress) They simply amazing to wear. I am really rocking the Vintage Rockabilly and getting so many compliments.


Positively beautiful dress and totally worth the cost, you'd pay much more if you were to go to other sellers for the same dress. This is an easy dress to either dress up or down for the more casual setting. I got so many compliments when I wore it, without a doubt it is one of my favorite outfits! The only complaint I do have is that it's rather long, but considering everything it's not bad at all. I definitely will be buying more dresses from this seller in the future! In my pictures I'm wearing a standard white petticoat to add the poof I desired.


The Shipment was on time and arrived in a couple days, it was quite wrinkly upon arrival but easily remedied by ironing. I was hoping I would not have to return for a different size. I usually try to stay away from purchasing clothes online, but I did require a nice dress for a special occasion; luckily I did not need to return it. The dress is true-to-size, (I am 5'4" and on the bustier-side so I bought an XL) so be sure to measure yourself and choose based on that information solely. It is very breathable and comfortable as the material has a bit of stretch. It also looks best with a petticoat for that much needed fullness. It is also machine washable and makes that easier to work with than having it dry-cleaned like similar dresses. This is a "Classic Vintage Look" that will not go out of style. Needless to say, I was turning heads at my Anniversay Dinner! All-in-all, this dress exceeded my expectations. I will be buying other patterns. I did not receive any promotional discounts or compensation for this review, this is my honest opinion.


This dress was ideal for the occasion I wore it for. It was St. Patrick's day, and I had my eye on this dress even though I could have went for something cheaper. I was disappointed to find a different seller was out of stock in my size (always a bummer)- but alas! I was able to find the right size surprisingly from different seller (this one) while in the midst of my hunt to replace it! Hoorah! For reference, I am 6'1" with a 29 inch waist, small breasts, and 140 lbs. A "small" size fit well, snug around areas where dresses tend to go limp on me. The fit was great, with 2 understandable exceptions It was bit too short in the back - which made bending over troublesome. This was easily remedied with small white shorts from a bikini bottom. Also, the tie for the bow in the back is a bit high-waisted, and didn't sit exactly on my waist- which, again, is understandable being that I am 6'1"wearing a small. Overall, great dress, good value, would totally make this decision again with no hesitation. Boyfriend was also thoroughly impressed (he likes to dress up for st.Patty's too). See pic below and feel free to ask any questions!


This dress was listed to have a waist of 30.5 inches to 32 inches, but was 27 inches. And now instead of a return they write: Dear, because our company in China, to return the goods very troublesome. We recommend that you keep items, You can give your friends or family, they will be very happy,we return 20% of the money to you, I hope you will accept our proposal,  thank u


Ordered this dress for a party. I felt pretty and got loads of compliments. I normally wear an X large.  It was a bit snug but it had a good stretch to it, so I was able to wear it. Beautiful and great quality.  I wore a petticoat underneath to complete the look.


I am more than pleased with this purchase. I still can't believe it was only $20.00. It fits PERFECTLY. I'm 5'8" and about 125 pounds and I ordered a small. It's definitely a snug fit on the top, but since the fabric gives, it doesn't feel tight. The fabric is fantastic and the dress is just beautiful.I can't wait to order more dresses! I have to add that there was a snafu with my address, all due to the U.S. Postal Service, and when I emailed the seller about it, they responded quickly and sent me a replacement dress immediately.


Beautiful, fun vintage dress. Perfect length. Well made. My daughter is 5'7 and  we ordered the small. She wore it with a pettiskirt purchased on Amazon and received many nice compliments. It arrived much sooner than expected, which was a nice surprise. Would highly recommend. You can't beat the price and quality.


We purchased this dress in a size Small for my 15 year old daughter.  When we took it out of the package, her eyes lit up.  It fits her beautifully, is extremely flattering as well as ladylike, and she reports that it is very comfortable.  The dress looks great with or without a petticoat.  She is 5'1 and 105 lbs with an hourglass shape; the hem hits slightly below mid-calf and the bodice fits well without being constricting.  The fabric is what I would consider to be polished cotton with a hint of stretch.  Absolutely worth every penny and then some.  We will most assuredly be buying more dresses in this style from this vendor.


