Love the dress. Exactly as shown. I'm 5'5 and 200 lbs and I ordered a xxl and fit perfectly. It has a little bit of stretch.


very nice fit.  nice designs. buying a 2nd dress today


I read the sizing and ordered a us size 22/24 when I received the dress I was VERY disappointed that it is maybe a us size 10 MAYBE.. This was the perfect dress for my son's wedding.. so very unhappy now i'm stuck with a dress I could have wore in maybe the 4th grade.. lol  25.00 down the drain for nothing!!


This dress is gorgeous! Its classy, it's fun, and it fits as expected. After scrolling through all the reviews, it seems like this one might work well for just about every body type. I love it so much, I might have to buy two. Get it already!


Love this dress. only complaint is that the white is a bit "see through," so no bright undergarments.


Really pretty. Nice thick material and very stretchy. Probably could have ordered a size down. Will definitely get other patterns in the future.


The stitching came undone where the top of the dress meets the skirt. It's about a 6-9 inch hole. I sent a note to ACEVOG, but they appear to want Amazon to handle the issue. The other dress by the same company worked great. I'll have to contact Amazon next to see what resolution we come to. My daughter loved the dress, but was upset by the problem.


Great price.  Easy to wear.  Light weight.  Professional looking


Im 5'7 and Wear a size 14-16. This dress fit like a glove. The color is exactly as the picture shows. I love this dress. Great price and the seams are clean. Zipper is smooth as well.


After more than 6 months, I still live and wear the dress. I'd advise to order a size up for shrinkage for wash. Other than that is still great!


This dress makes me look like an hourglass.  I'm 190 size 14/16. I ordered size 2x. I'm top heavy and have a thick middle with a smaller hips. This usually causes me to stray away from this style of dress.  However,  this dress has just enough spandex to keep a bigger girl from looking on the boxy side. The pleats compliment my bottom half to give an hourglass appearance.  Please be sure to go by the measurements from this company.


