Cute dress, problem is the fabric is faded looking. I bought the black with polka dots.  I will not return it because it would be a hassle. I wish I would have chosen a light color, maybe it would not have looked so faded.


I ordered a size up, using the size chart provided from the seller since I wasn't sure about the fit of the dress. It fit perfectly, if I would have ordered my normal size it wouldn't have been possible to get into the dress. The color is a bit darker than expected but it is a beautiful and flattering dress. I'm 5'0 and it falls just below the knee, perfect for a modest look.


This dress is so classy. Love the way it fits and feels on me. I love this style so much I bought 5 of these dresses in different colors. Very nice spring and summer dresses.  I wore this dress to my daughter's graduation.


The zipper had a snag, so I had to struggle to unzip it for the first time. After I cut the strings out of the zipper, I came to find the strings that were loose had started a hole. The dress also arrived with four purple stains (multiple reviews I read said they had stains, too). I can't return or exchange because I will have to pay for it both ways. It fit fine and it was cute, but had I realized it came from China and returns would be a pain I would not have purchased. I also bought this in May and received it on July 5.


Love it! Small fits perfect (5'1" and size 6, 34D). Without a petticoat it would look too long but with one it is perfect. Material is nice w just slight stretch. I got the pattern w flowers and cherries. I'm definitely ordering another!


I gave this dress a 5 star even though it runs very small. I usually wear a size 10, however, after reading some reviews I decided to size up. I ordered the XL & it fits perfect. I absolutely love the fit & color!


I love this dress and everything about it!  It's a bit high waisted.  The fit and feel is wonderful and I'm constantly getting compliments!


I was a little disappointed in this dress.  I had previously ordered this dress and a different color, it fit me perfectly. I ordered this one same size, but it  was way too big. Gave to a friend.


Loved the dress however the zip is very cheap and broke the morning I was due to wear it. I had no choice but to safety pin the back. Dropped it off to get fixed and she said the zip was cheap and she would replace it. Other than that, I loved it.


Perfect! I added a crinoline and it looked perfectly vintage.


