This dress is beautiful, but definitely not for the full-busted. I wear a size 16 and the XXL fit perfectly from the armpits up and from the ribcage down but was way too small for my H cups :(


I imagine it would fit someone with a C/D cup just fine, though.


I brought a medium.  This dress is very flattering!  I'm 5 feet tall, size 6 dress, 140 pounds.


I loved this dress!  It fit as expected and was flattering, and although the material isn't great, it isn't terrible.  It is a tad see through, but a slip or under tank worked fine for me.  I have a large bust (34DD), am 5'3" and weight around 135lb and the medium worked.  The main reason I took a star off was because the first time I wore it, a seam right over my chest popped and I had to superglue it closed (I was at a wedding).  I plan to fix it and look forward to wearing it again though.


For the price, this is a great dress


Quite a good fit. The slightly stretchy fabric and attached fabric belt make the fit pretty custom. I wore this to a Kentucky Derby party but I could see wearing it to a daytime spring or summer wedding. The colors in the aqua dress are great! Not lined and cheapish fabric/finishing cost it a star. Pictured with a petticoat underneath.


So adorable! Especially the pattern I got. It is not see-through.


Haven't washed it yet, but others said the color bleeds which is why I got a lighter color. We will see.


Also, I am 5'8" 130 lbs size 4, and the small fit me.


Surprisingly disappointed with this dress.  The pattern was really attractive and the customer reviews and pictures were really promising.  I took another customer's advice and measured before ordering the dress.  They were right about needing to order 2 sizes bigger than normal based on measurements so that's what I did.  Normally a 2x would be on the big side of perfect for me.  Measurement chart said 4x so that is what I ordered.  The pattern was just as attractive as the pictures and the material was good quality for the price.  Unfortunately, the dress I received had seams that weren't straight down the skirt and along the hem. The top made my chest look smashed even with a minimizing bra and I am barely a DD,  not any larger than many of the other customers that posted pics.  I think this was the result of the underbust seam being poorly done.  The other problems that I had was the neck and arm holes gaping.  Overall, sadly disappointed and not likely to try another purchase from this vendor.


I am a 40c, and 6ft tall. This fit perfect. I bought it for work and it's about an inch above my knee. It came very wrinkled so I am hoping it doesn't end up wrinkled while I am.out in public. The material feels a little spandex but not see through.


Fits well and material is comfortable. There's a slight misstep in the sewing around the neckline. Fortunately not difficult to fix. These may be factory seconds or rejected as first quality by whatever label they were meant to be.  Still a reasonable but for the price.


Surprisingly, this dress fits a bit small on the waist (I ordered up a size based on the sizing chart and reviews), but large on the chest. I'm 5'3", 140lbs and typically wear a size small in dresses (women's - M in juniors sizes). Length pops the dress just to the knees. The fabric is a bit on the heavier side, but it is relatively sturdy and really quite comfortable. The color is true to the color on my computer screen.


I ordered one of these dresses as a test (I want them for my bridesmaids) and when I went back to order the rest, I was unable to get them sent directly to me this time - I live in Hawaii. All of a sudden I was unable to ship to my address, or any other address on the island, so I had to send them to my sister in law on the mainland, so the extra shipping costs and time that it will take to get the dresses is a bit disappointing.


I take chances anytime I order from unknown sellers because I have to go by their size charts which often are wrong, such as is in this case.  I ordered XXL based on several reviews and this dress is huge at the bottom and shows a great deal of bosom on both sides which will require a cardigan.


But the dress is so lovely, I will suffer through this 100 degree Texas weather with a cardigan just so that I can wear it.  I can get away with the wide bottom due to the shape of the dress.  Glad I purchased it.


