I got so many compliments on this dress, I will be ordering other colors of it! It was for a late July wedding, and also to wear to one in September.


I also got a Vintage women's tutu skirt to poof it out a bit, and then I was channelling June Cleaver! I had two darts put in the top ($6 at the seamstress) because it was a bit large near the armholes, and it looked great. The dress is knee-length and slightly stretchy, very comfortable!


The material is surprisingly heavy, I expected cheap . The neckline goes fairly high,  maybe higher than I thought , but the dress is absolutely adorable . I am 36d, 5'4, and I normally wear around a size 10-12. I ordered a large .This fit pretty well, it could be a little tighter on the waist, but a medium would be too small in the bust. Absolutely adorable tho!


Loved It!!  I was so happy with this dress, the fit and finish was even better than I expected, and I received many compliments on it!! I followed the fit guide, and I would say they were very accurate.  I'm 5'8", 135lbs with a size C/D cup and I ordered a size 40.  I wore the dress for Halloween, as I dressed up as June Carter Cash--Perfect.


I absolutely LOVE this dress. I'm 5 ft 5 and about 140 lbs, 32 DDD, and 28 (ish) inch waist and I ordered a medium. It fits great in my waist and my bust...if anything, I have to get the top back taken in an inch or so, as it sticks out just a tiny bit. I have a comfortable amount of breathing room. Great quality material.


Cons: doesn't come with a peticoat, and it's hand wash only.


I loved the dress it's beautiful new material is awesome, but I gave it the score because I took it out of the package held it up to me and it's obviously missed sized it appears to be approximately a size 10 or 12 and you can see that is not the size I ordered


I really like this dress. The pattern is clear and vibrant colors. The cloth is sturdy and comfortable, with exactly the right amount of 'stretchy-ish-ness'. The zipper is nice, pulls smoothly, doesnt catch. I ordered the small. 5'-2", 135 lbs. The neck/bust area is a little too big. If I were a C instead of a B, this dress would be a perfect fit.


This dress was beautiful and seemed to be well made. My trouble with it was that the narrowest part of the dress did not fall at my natural waist, but was about 2 or 3 inches above. This was not flattering on me and made it seem that my upper torso was very short and disproportionate. I was pretty disappointed because it is a very pretty dress.


This is a very flattering dress.  The material is stretchy and forgiving.  The flair on the skirt means a lady should take care while bending over, but isn't that always the case.  I wear a size 16 and am 5' 7" and the dress falls just below my knees.  The pattern matched the photo.  I think I'll buy another one in another pattern.  Great work dress.


I bought this dress for a weekend get away with my husband for our anniversary. The dress comes in a small plastic wrapped ziplock type bag and was folded neatly. I was concerned that the dress would be wrinkled, but it wasn't at all. The dress fit me perfectly and was very comfortable. The material was a bit heavy, thick and not summer like, like I had hoped so I was unable to wear it during our weekend get away because of the high temperatures in Michigan. I am looking forward to wearing it very soon to church or a dressier occasion, possibly closer to Fall type weather.


I got the size for my exact measurements and it's was entirely too small. Seems to run about 3 sizes smaller than what is stated. Incredibly disappointed.


