After reading everyone else's reviews I assumed I needed a Large. I am 5'4". 130lbs. 32DDD.


When I received my package it was way too big. Big around my waist and my bust. I plan to exchange it for a medium but I'm not quite sure if that will be too big for me also.


The quality was decent. Deff needs a petty coat under it to give it that flare. Otherwise it just hangs kinda stiff.


This is a great dress! MAKE SURE YOU READ THE SIZING GUIDELINES AND MEASURE YOURSELF. If you do this, you should have no issues. Fits as described in sizing guidelines. Beautiful fabric, delivered in 2 days via Prime, absolutely pleased.


I love this dress. I am busty (double DD). But the top fits great. The material is thick. I wasn't expecting that. However its longer than expected. Because Im short. Im 5' 2". So it comes to mid calf with the petticoat under it. I was hoping for knee length. But I was very satisfied.


This dress was much better quality than I expected for the price. I really like it and others do too. I found it a tiny bit snug in the bodice, but not enough so that I'd return it.


I love this dress. I am 132 pounds and purchased the medium. It fits well.


Omg! I bought this to dress cute for a 1950s Halloween party, and I think I'm going to wear this all the time. I'm a 40G bra size and this fits perfectly on my chest and my waist. 5/5!


We has a great experience  with this product . It fit my wife very well! And looked and felt like a good quality product! My wife ordered several others in other colors , all fit and looked great!


Had to shrink it in the dryer a bit but fits well after


Dress was way too small and a bad quality. I contacted the seller and they wanted me to pay to ship it back for a refund. I told them I wasn't paying twice for a product that didn't come close to fitting. They then refunded my account only $10. I ordered a size XL because thats what the measurements said they fitted and the girl I ended up giving it to (who had to repair some of the seams before she could wear it) worse a size small in dress.


This dress is amazing!!! Fits just like they say!!! It is definitely my daughters favorite go to dress!!! We got it for a play and she has used it for a rob of performances!!! Great for a performance and great for church on Sunday!!!!


