Giving it 4 stars because it is a beautiful dress and exactly as described. But it is certainly not for the busty. I sized way up and the dress still couldn't fit my bust. Disappointing, but I should have not trouble finding someone to gift it to as it is a very nice piece of clothing.


The dress fits as I expected. I am 5'6 and 155lbs and got it in a med.


I gave this dress 5 stars: it came well before the actual delivery date, I ordered a XXL to be on the safe side & could have easily worn an XL, the length, fit & feel is totally classic. I will most definitely be ordering more of these dresses & a petticoat will set it off.


Very gorgeous dress! I followed other reviews and decided to buy this dress in my exact size. It fits perfectly. The material has elasticity so you can get away with even buying a size smaller. Great quality too. Would buy this dress again.


Hated it. poor quality! I immediately decided to return it the minute I took it out of the box!


I'm 5'2 and a bit heavy.  I feel slim and beautiful in this dress.  I bought a second one.  The quality of stitching and fabric is far better than what I would expect for the price. This is truly a classy dress at an excellent value.


I wear a size 12 and ordered the large and it fits great. At first I thought it looked cheap but when I ironed it it is so cute. I paired it with a Tidetell vintage 50s rockabilly crinoline Tutu in purple and what a cute afternoon wedding dress!!


I normally wear a size 10 (M) but went up to an (L) with this as I noticed it shipped from Asia. Stretch cotton fabric has some give in it so fit is smooth and snug. I wear the cherry design fabric with a red crinoline peeking out and always receive many compliments. Perfect for the church picnic!


This dress is very cute and the fit is exactly as expected but the dress was very poorly made. Bad seams, loose threads and messy stitching everywhere. I still would have kept this dress if it weren't for the uneven hem. In the picture it shows a clamshell type of curve up on the sides but only one side of the dress did this. The other side was the same length as the middle of skirt.


Very cute and flattering fit, I just wish there were better quality control.


The neckline was a little bit too high but the length and the flow of the dress was great! It's modest and looks very nice, however I would suggest that you get a petticoat to wear underneath; it give the dress a nice shape!


