Too bad the makers of these dresses do not know how to measure. Torso is half the size needed to reach from shoulder to waist. Armholes cut in and chest not the size described.


I love this dress! I have it in red as well. It fits great and looks good on me. The only thing that I would warn about is that if you are planning on wearing it on a windy day, have shorts under it. :)


The fit was off in the arms and breast area but great in the waist.


Size chart given seems to be accurate and the dress fits well, however the bust darts are stitched too high for me. I hung it in the closet thinking that I would see about altering it as soon as I had time. Unfortunately, by the time I realized that it couldn't be altered due to the fact that the excess fabric was trimmed away, the return window had closed. So, I'm stuck with a dress that doesn't fit. Nice dress, though.


Absolute adorable and fits nicely! Only thing, do get true to size. I got a size up and was big around the top, breast and back. because I have a full behind and hip I wanted to be sure it fell nicely around my curves, which is does.  Get it. You wont be dissapointed


I'm 5'7", 130-135, with measurements 36, 27, 36. The small dress fits me perfectly, and my boyfriend loves that it is form fitting yet has a modest hemline-- sexy, but classy, in an old fashioned way. The skirt flares out on its own, so you don't even need a petticoat.


Height - 5 71/2


Weight - 25 lbs. (32A Bra)


Ordered a small


I got this dress because the reviews said it was long, but small chested, and it's hard to find dresses that fit me well. If you are a busty woman, I would recommend ordering a size up.  This dress is good quality and not see through at all. I got a black petticoat and it's fine. The material does wrinkle, but that is easily taken care of if you put it in the dryer for a couple minutes then pull it straight out when it's done.


This was too big in the top, both in my bust (mine is 35") and in the shoulders. I ordered a Medium.


My daughter was thrilled with it. The size chart was very accurate. The transaction was smooth. I'd recommend this seller.


Fit is just a bit snug so I'd suggest going up a size if you're debating. It's a pretty dress with nice lines. I love it! Also bought a petticoat to wear with it and the two are adorable together. Happy with both purchases!


