Love Love Love it!!! Great dress & SUPER CUTE!!! Got married in this dress.


I wore this dress to work today, and let me tell you - it is fabulous!  I feel absolutely gorgeous in this dress, and I receive so many compliments!  The dress itself has a nice stretchy fabric, which holds its shape, and doesn't wrinkle easily. The top part is a little bit form fitted, and the bottom has that wonderful 1950's pouf to it. I have a crinoline that I could wear under it for the full 1950's look, but that is a bit much for work!  Because of the stretch to the thicker fabric, you can get a nice fit, which accentuates your figure, without showing your every bump.  The stretch is enough that I don't even have to unzip the dress to get it on!  The back has a nice little bow, which is a sweet touch.  I believe this fit pretty standardly.  I normally wear a US size 4, so the small worked out perfectly.I have size 36C chest, and the top fits nicely without pulling.  You won't regret buying this glamorous dress!


ordered this dress to wear at my cousins wedding next weekend. Now, I rarely order anything other than t shirts online, I know that sizing/fit is an issue for me. But this has thousand of reviews and the vast majority were very positive about product quality and fit. Several women posted pics as well, I was pretty confident about it fitting, but you never know. Well it fits wonderfully! Needs a bit of darting to keep the armpit/side boob from gaping and it's a little shorter than it looked on the other women pictured but I'm apparently a bit longer than average so this isn't too surprising. A bit of lace or a petticoat will fix that right up!! Over all I am more than pleased with my purchase and highly recommend this to everyone!! I am 5'7" hourglass size 3xl with a 40DD bust (I think) just for scale. I ordered the 3x and the fit is spot on.


I am a tall girl at 5ft11in, 172lb, BWH 39-32-39, 36B bust, and I usually wear a Misses 10/12 (US) or Large.  Based on size chart in the description (not Amazon chart), I went up one size to the XL and it fits almost perfectly.  There is just enough wiggle room to accommodate fabric shrinkage or figure expansion (lol).  Hits just below my knees.  Does not cut into underarms.  I would not go down a size.  Quality is very good for economy apparel.  Marked 65% Cotton, 35% Spandex, and does have slight stretch to fit and flatter, tight weave with high thread count, and opaque.  Bodice is tailored, unlined, with empire waist. Non-removable half cloth belt to tie as bow at back, looks cute.  Ordered "Pure Red" and is bright red so true to description and brighter than photograph.  Hand wash cold and then lay flat to dry and expect to steam iron every time to remove wrinkles.  Very happy with the purchase and will definitely shop for other solids and prints.


This dress was awersome. Its a great material and i loved it. I bought it for a wedding and it fit perfectly. Its a little longer than expected but its great..


First I want to say that I cannot wear this dress. I followed the sizing guide but the dress is still way too big for me to wear it. There is so much extra material that it sticks out weirdly under the armpit and around the neckline. I can slide it over my head easily without needing to unzip. I ordered an XL because the measurements said with my bust size (105cm) that is what I would need. I am 5'5 and 155lbs. I probably could have gone with a large (which is what I normally wear), but followed the sizing guide instead. I would recommend ordering your normal size and hopefully that will work well for you guys. It does feel like there is a little stretch to it if you wanted to try a size down but its up to you :)


With that out of the way, the dress is actually well made. It has thick sturdy material and the colors are good. I did not try to exchange it because I believe I can hem the dress where it needs it in order for it to be wearable. But for now, it is taking up space in my closet.


This dress is GORGEOUS! Fits perfectly! I'm a plus-size lady - I wear a size 14 typically and my chest is a 38E. Needless to say I do have to worry about things fitting my top half. This dress - unlike most dresses - actually has a waist that sits in the right spot. Plenty of room on the top half and the neckline isn't tight at all. I followed the sizing recommendations and bought an XL and it is perfect. It's a light, stretchy fabric so there's some forgiveness if you have broad shoulders or larger arms. Highly recommend this particular dress - I bought the ivory dress with antique-colored flowers on it.


Be warned, though - I also bought this exact dress in the plaid pattern and the plaid one was cut completely different, was made of a different material, and didn't fit AT ALL. So, if you're wanting to buy the ivory/antique dress, DO IT! If you are buying other dress options, buyer beware.


This dress is adorable.  It has a fitted top and flared "twirl-worthy" skirt.  I normally wear a size 22 and got the 2X.  It fit well.  The only thing that I wished was a little different is that I thought the skirt would be longer from the picture.  It falls just below my knee which is fine.  To wear at the office I would have preferred a mid calf length.


Construction seems solid.  The material is a little bit stretchy and drapes nicely.  Overall I am very satisfied with this purchase and may get other colors in the future.


Now to get some red pumps. :)


Update: I ordered another dress in a different print. I now have three total in this same style and size (diff print) all ordered within two months of each other and all through Amazon.  All of the styles are the same, but the cut is up to 1-2 inches different between each dress in the bodice, skirt fullness, and length. I can make them all work, but I wish there wasn't so much discrepancy in cut.


Beautiful dress, great price! I typically wear an xsmall or small. I am six


Months pregnant, so I took a chance with the small- fits perfectly and should fit


post baby as well since it ties around the waist. I'm currently 140 lbs, 5'8". The dress is about knee length. I did order another dress in this same size and brand in another fabric print. The other dress was just slightly smaller. Not signicant, but I could definitely tell a difference.


The dress looks so beautiful in the picture and I am happy to say the design matches in person. However I'm a skinny girl with curve so sizes fluctuate for me, after reading the sizing chart it seemed the small would be my fit, I tried the dress on for the first time this morning and it's actually pretty long, goes right above my mid calf. The waist fit great, not sure if I like the tie around the back, it's kinda short to make a pretty pretty bow.the only downfall would be the chest/shoulder area. For being a small, it's almost like a bag..I'm going to have to go to a tailor to see if they can fix it, the neckline just hangs off you, and the shoulder puff up just doesn't look right. The shipping took forever, but was faster then it's original expectancy date. Overall I like the dress, but I'm still contemplating if it's worth all the corrections or if I should just send it back.


