I have been looking for vintage dresses for the summer.  With ACEVOG, my search is over. The fit is great. I wear a size 1X to 2X depends on the material and design of the clothes. I ordered a 3X and it's just great. I have 6 of these dresses and will order 2 more. This is how much I like these dresses. Oh and the price can't be beat. I get to look feminine and fashionable for a fraction of the cost. I have gotten so many compliments wearing these dresses. Men and women like the style. One man told me that he wishes that more women would dress like this instead of leaving nothing to the imagination if you know what I mean. Lol


I ordered this dress two sizes up and it fit perfect.. i have DDD so the bossom part fits really snug also im 4ft 11 and i had the dress taken up to hit me near my chin. I love this dress. Its super cute


I wore this dress in the red print last weekend to dinner and a show in Las Vegas and had several compliments.


It looked great as it was but I think it would be amazing with a petticoat underneath. It was long on me (tea length) but I'm 5'3". Also, I'm a size 14, 38D and the XL fit wonderfully. I have to say the armholes gaped a little but I wore a small black shrug with it and it solved my problem. It was worth it for less than $25. I haven't felt that girly in some time.


I was so anxious, as I do not buy clothes online, because I have one of those odd  body types. I am 5'7 with a US DD small waist and have to where a US size 14 -16 jeans to get them over my butt/hips, but then my legs are pretty normal. O.o  This dress fit amazingly well! I ordered an XL.


There were a couple loose threads but nothing a pair of nail clippers won't fix. For the price it's a great deal.


I LOVE this dress!  You cannot beat it for the price!  The material has a slight bit of stretch to it, which is nice.  It washes well and keeps its vibrant colors.  My measurements are 42"-30"41" and the large fit perfectly, even across my large chest.  I will be purchasing more prints of this dress!  I love it!!


If you're short... this may not be the stress for you.


I am short and fat. 5'2 and 215. I usually wear a size 18. I ordered a XXL and there was plenty of room. I loved the fabric,  the print,  and the structure. I do not love the length. It came down to about mid calf.


Love the style, the color is a brighter tomato-y red in real life, to me. The dress doesn't have a lining but it doesn't seem to be see through; I usually wear spanx or something underneath anyway. The only real con is that the fabric gets wrinkled pretty easily and the wrinkles can be tough to get out. I like to wear it with a black sweater and leopard print ballet flats.


This is a beautiful dress. It does run a size small. I bought a medium and I should about a large I normally wear mediums. And you won't be disappointed in this dress as long as you get a size up. The product come in a plastic bag. After taking it out of the bag didn't have a chemical smell to it but it wasn't obnoxious. After one wash the smell was gone. I just wish I can make it fit.


liked the dress.  good fabric, good construction, shipping was quick.  did not receive the color i ordered.  i ordered the dark blue polka dot but i got the black with red roses.  the bodice was very short and the neckline was not flattering on me.  my advice is to not buy this if you have large shoulders.  in all good purchase and i will reorder to get the dress i wanted originally.


This dress is really cute but it was much longer than I expected and didn't cut me in a flattering place. The hem went all the way down to my mid calf. I'm a little petite but dresses usually don't run THAT long on me. I hemmed it to where I preferred, right above the knee, and I've gotten compliments on this dress. I'm a small-medium usually and ordered the medium, and the waist is just perfect (about 31inches). It's a strange fabric but comfortable. Lay it flat to dry, no biggie. The top fits beautifully, very flattering. Perfect dress for a casual date or if you feel like dressing up a bit and the like. :)


