Great dress


I love ❤ this dress


too large


This review is for the ACEVOG Women's Vintage Style 1950's Slim Fit Floral Print Sleeveless Pinup Dress.


I love this high quality dress. I read the past reviews of this dress from other people, and some people stated it was very thin. I do NOT agree with this statement. This dress is made from a high breathable high quality cotton type fabric and has a ton of coverage. I cannot see my undergarments when I wear this dress. I took photos of it against the light so you can see through the fabric and it shows it is not thin. It is very flattering and hugs the body beautifully.


I am a woman’s size 16-18 and ended up purchasing a 4XL from recommendations of other buyers. The sizing ended up being PERFECTTTTTT. It is so flattering and lovely on. I am 5’9 and the waist is almost empire. The flare of the dress comes up to the waist. Because I am not a small girl, I prefer to wear this with a cardigan so the flare dies down at the waist a little. I think it adds a little weight to my already thick frame.


The tie is cute, and makes a perfect bow. I don’t need to use the zipper on the neckline to get it on and off, I just put the whole thing over my head closed and pull down and it goes on perfectly. The front area is large enough for my 40DD chest. This dress is very stylish and makes a great church dress or bridal shower/ baby shower dress.


Overall, 5/5 stars for design, style and materials!


If you have any questions please post below and I would be happy to answer! I received a free promotional sample of this item for my honest and unbiased review.


cute dress!


It fit well, but was made of cheap fabric, and does not really look like the picture. It appears cheaply made too. I will never wear this out, and would not put it in the washer because might not hold up. It smelled strongly of dye also when I opened the package. This is the only thing on Amazon that I have bought that really disappointed me.


XXL certainly didn't do it for me like most brands.  had to return it.


I don't usually write a review, but I love this dress and I wish there were some more like this. The order and delivery was 10 days. Thanks


I got so many compliments on this beautiful yellow floral dress! The colors are so vibrant I ordered a 3x to be safe but a 2x would've fit perfectly!! Im 5'2 and I normally wear 16/18 or 17/19! Can't wait to order another one!


I LOOOOOOOOVE this dress!  It is SO much more than I expected. I thought it was going to be thin material,  not very long,  wrong sizing.  None of that is the case! It's thick,  sturdy material.  Very soft.  It's the perfect length.  The pattern is gorgeous. I'm so pleasantly surprised at the high quality of this dress.


I was given this product at a discounted rate for my honest review


