This is a very nice dress for the price. Neat seams, thick material that still allows the skirt to flow.


The vertical measurement from bust to waist is only about 5", so long waisted people like me will have the waistline sitting more under the bust than at the waist. Still looks plenty cute, because the length is good. At 5'10" the hem sits just at my knee. The top has darts for a fitted bust, which I think would look best on someone around a C cup.


It was smaller than I expected, but I was still able to wear -- I think maybe I am just more into comfort these days -- haha.  I ordered it for my god-daughter's tea party wedding shower - and I must admit I was a fabulous dress and I was able to stand the discomfort for the day!


Love it ! Makes me feel like a princess !  I ordered a Small (I typically wear a 4 on top/6 on bottom) and it fits perfectly.  Hugs all the curves in the right places !  Great find for the price...


the zipper stops at the waist which is really stupid. With the waist being very fitted it would make sense that the zipper extend into the skirt a bit so you can get your butt in it. As it is, I have to pull it over my head. What's really stupid is that the zipper has like three inches that could be opened up below the waist line. I just don't get it. The fabric has more white parts than appear in the photo.


The dress was really pretty and fit just right BUT the hem was not even. I did not have enough time to exchange it so she went ahead and wore it to her dance. The material is so-so I don't think this would last very long. We got it for a 50's themed military ball for my daughter.


Gorgeous dress but came with stains. I'm hoping that they will go away when I wash it.


Dress fits snug but looks terrific on.  I'm planning to wear it for a family portrait and then for an evening out on our wedding anniversary in the West end of London!  My only concern is having to iron it.  My daughter (28 years old) bought the same dress in black and loved it, but felt it was roomy in a size small.  The dress stretches, which is very nice.  I bought a large and I weigh about 172 at 5 ft 7 in.


Very cute dress.  It was a little large on me but I expected that. I am usually an xs and they only had small. But after washing it, it fit perfectly. The colors are just as seen. I ordered a bright yellow sun hat to go with it and it is the perfect Summer day outfit.


I've never been so satisfied with a purchase from amazon! The print is vibrant and beautiful, it's flowy and so pretty and feminine!! My only complaint on this item I the top around the chest and arms is a bit boxy so it doesn't lay totally flat on myself. Overall, I'm very happy and will purchase again!


I already have this dress in a different color. I am very tall so the waist line on me is like an empire waist line. I normally wear a size 16. I ordered a 4XL and it fit I love the dress and ita extremely flattering. But make sure you read the reviews and the sizing chart.


