I give 5 star because I like this light yellow long skirt. I am 5.3 '' High, 123 Pound. I choose M size. I only feel the chest place loose a little. Other places fit for me as expected. Fast shipping.


Last week, I went to Outlet and saw similar material long skirt, the price is $79.


Thank you!


Just received my dress today and I absolutely love it! I normally wear a size 18w and 38DDD, so I ordered a 3X to be sure I had enough room for the girls. The material is fantastic, well made, quality item. Ordered a separate 26 in. petticoat to go underneath. It looks marvelous and helps fill out the skirt. I definitely would recommend buying from ACEVOG. I will be purchasing more soon.


I loveeeddddd this dress!! I tried it on as soon as I got it and the fit was perfect! I cannot wait to wear it. I did like the look of it with the petticoat (which I had not ordered at the beginning), so now I'm just waiting for the petticoat to get here so I can wear it as it was intended. The quality is pretty good for the price and it fits nice and snug and super comfy.


Awesome dress! I bought a petticoat to go under it too, and it is just... perfect. I opened it, tried it on, and my fiance asked me to wear it to dinner that night!


I bought a medium based on their size chart [not the amazon universal one] and it's perfect.


my measurements are 36-39-42; and I'm 5'2''


I got a lot of compliments on this dress when I wore it to work last week.  I don't like however how long it is.  I have a short torso and long legs, am 5'6" however this dress came well down to mid calf on me, which is not what the picture showed.  I'm going to take about 4 or 5 inches off so that it comes around knee length and I will like it a lot better. The length reminded me of a more modest, older fashioned,  kind of style but shorter to match what is in the picture will be perfect.  Otherwise I liked the fit, the style and it was very comfortable to wear all day to work.


Unfortunately, this dress was way too small for a 44F bust line. I couldnt even get it to zip in the back and i ordered the 2x hoping that the fabric would have some give to it. It does not, so unfortunately i had to return it. Other than that it really was a beautiful dress.


Absolutely love this dress! It looks great on with or without a petticoat. My only complaint is that inside the dress near the neckline there is fabric that can move upwards if you're not careful, I wish it was secured down somehow. Other than that I adore this dress and love to wear it whenever I can.


I have a hard time finding dresses that are long enough for my daughter due to her height. She loves this dress! Perfect length, perfect feel and perfect price!


I'm a 14/16...so I ordered the xl...it fits in the chest..but larger in the armpits. ..weird sizing...very short...I'm 5'7 and it comes above my knees....so much fabric tg at bunches up in the back...maybe a large would fit better...but afraid it would be too small in the chest...I'm a 40C...


As mentioned in some of the other reviews, the arm holes are a little big.  I'm 5'4 and 250lbs with a large chest, and the chest area for the 3X was a teeny bit baggy, but otherwise fit amazingly.  I am in love, especially for the price!


