I love love love the dress but.... I was disappointed that it didn't zip up.... it looked so pretty on my body.. I usually have insecurities on my body, but it felt like I had a waist line..... but it was short lived because I tried to zip it up and it wouldn't go past my shoulders....... and barley pasted my waist, I had to suck in to zip it.... I'm a size 3x so I got that size... but I'm afraid to try the 4x.....


I'm giving it 5 stars even though it runs a bit small. I order small but can sometimes go into a medium. If I lose 5 lbs this will fit much nicer. lol I love the pattern, not all that thrilled about the stretchy material but the design and cut of the dress is very pretty and the too small size is incentive to lose those 5 lbs that need to go anyway.


p.s. I  bought the black/gray/red flower dress and the pattern is gorgeous and rich looking.


Gorgeous!


True to size! Cotton! Limited stretch.


Print is perfect and aligned for more expensive look.


True to image in color and detail.


I'm 5'2 it goes slightly below my knees!!


I believe it has a zipper for easier dressing.


I ordered this dress and was nervous about the sizing. It arrived earlier than I expected which was wonderful. I ordered according to the sizing chart and it fit perfectly. The material is of good quality (it's not see-through) and the dress looks great with and without a petticoat. I was so impressed that I ordered two more dresses from this company. I wore it out on a fancy date with my boyfriend and he loved it too!


The dress is way to small, and nowhere near the size marked.


When I tried to return the dress, I got a runaround for days, until I finally received an address to return it to (AT MY EXPENSE).


About a week later I received the dress in my mail marked, "No such Address"!


I am  VERY DISSATISFIED WITH THIS VENDOR.


I really, REALLY wanted to like this... it's sooooo stinkin' cute. But I'm just too big-busted for it. :`-( I think this would be very cute and flattering on a smaller-busted woman. So, five stars for adorable print, cute design, and good quality+price, but one star for how it fit me personally. Averaging that to three stars.


Lovely dress, especially for the low price. Very flattering (no "poof" at the waist like some dresses with full skirts can have). Bodice is lined but skirt is not. Fabric quality is good given the price. I order my usual size (medium) but it was too small in the bust. I suggest ordering up a size if you are a C-cup. I hope to exchange it for a large.


What a pretty dress!  I bought this dress for my seventeen year old granddaughter.  We are so pleased.  This dress is well made and the fabric is really more like thick satin than thin cotton or poly blend.  The heavy fabric allows the dress to hang beautifully and looks as if it will resist wrinkles.  The satin fabric also adds to the dressiness of this sweet dress.


I'm 5'7/138 lbs B/C cup with small shoulders and carry most of my weight around the middle (woot!). I ordered the large based mainly on the waist measurement and all of the recommendations to size up. The top was GIGANTIC on me, especially in the armhole region, so I returned it for a medium, which fits like a glove. The quality on the second dress was better than the first but neither were bad for the price. I've definitely experienced dresses that were double the price but lesser quality. The blue color is gorgeous, and I highly recommend a petticoat to finish off the look. I'm likely going to buy additional colors soon!


I'm 1.72m (5'6) and weigh about 121 pounds. Size S fit well but the dress was too long, it ended far below my knees. The fabric pattern (black wiith flowers) is very beautiful, like on the photos, and the pieces of fabric were well put together in this dress so that the pattern looked good and continuous although the pattern of the dress means that several pieces are combined. I liked that the dress has a ribbon so that you can pull it together a little bit more to make it fit well in the waist. This means that you will have a bow on your back. However, I returned the dress because overall it looked a bit "old". I'm in my twenties and the dress looked older than me - like something that a 1950s housewife would wear serving tea at a fancy garden party.


