My mom purchase this dress for a church function. The only problems with the dress is the sewn in zipper, which can be tricky if you have curves. She looked fantastic in the dress! If you are plus size order the largest size.


I get so many compliments on this dress.  I got the beige with flowers - at first I worried it might look like I was wearing a retro curtain, but it is absolutely beautiful.  Anytime I wear this dress, lots of people stop me to admire it, and several women have asked me where I got it!  It is one of my favorite pieces in my wardrobe.  Only drawback is no pockets, but I could remedy that situation with my sewing machine if I want, I suppose.


FIt perfectly.  Ordered a large.  5' 6" 145 pounds.  Great fit.


I love this retro dress! The material is flattering but gives as you move. The red white and black print is very chic and let's you wear almost any color of shoes. The fabric wrinkles a bit even after washing but I still love it!


Gorgeous dress and I love the fabric. Wore this for Easter with a Maggie Tang Vintage Rockabilly Net Petticoat, and it was super cute. Also wore it to work without the petticoat and still looked great.


The dress came quickly.  Worked perfect for what I needed it for.  A little tight in the waist but I knew that would be an issue. That’s where I carry my weight.  I would recommend this place.


Be careful on the sizing. There are 1X and 1X plus so make sure that you order what you really need, based on measurements, not just your typical size.  Gorgeous dress - I love it!


Love this dress! I am heavy in the Tummy and torso. I normaly wear a 2x-3x. I took a chance with this being ( Asian sizing) and went ahead and bought a 5x. Worked out well. Order a size or 2 up for sure. Came very quickly in the mail!


Of course like everyone else, I was skeptical buying a 'cheap' dress online, but I'm very pleasantly surprised! It fits amazingly, and is super comfy! I'm 5'11" and it hits about mid-knee, which is exactly what I wanted.


Glad that I went up a size thanks to a recent review. Normally a 16/18 and ordered a 2X.


