Pretty dress overall however the top fits loosely. The scoop neck sags. Probably if the top were of a different material it would make the whole dress better. So


I am giving it 3 stars.


I expected it to fit a little small, because I had purchased from here before, but I was ready. I have three dresses from this brand and I love them all! This has to be my favorite print that I have purchased and I recommend it to anyone


Item received in good order and earlier than was stated. Fits better than I expected love the colour. Anyone having a problem with this dress is just plain fussy or choice the wrong size.


This dress is absolutely stunning! I was hesitant because other things I've ordered from China run very small. I ordered a XXL. I'm a size 16/18 and am 5' 8" and this dress fits perfect! I wore it on Easter and I will wear it again for my daughters shower. Very comfortable. It will need to be ironed. The material is a cotton blend and probably needs to be dry cleaned. If you were to wash it I think it would shrink.


somewhat small size- I gave to my granddaughter, fit perfect, she loved it!


This dress is fun.  I bought a petticoat to go under it to give it that real oomph.  The dress (on me) was tight across the chest, but huge in the rib and waist area.  The sash did not help with this.


It was too short waisted and ballooned out under the arms.  There were ties but I didnt see any in the pix .  The dress fit more like an Empire style instead of shirtwaist It took almost a month to get here. I got an XL(I normally wear a Large or Medium) because of others' reviews. I wont buy from them again.


Be aware! I ordered this dress in may colors, and the red ran significantly smaller. My chest felt compressed in the red one, but the blue and green fit perfectly.


I ordered this in a 3xl despite the fact that I'm in a size 18. Very snug so I am glad for the larger size but the dress is absolutely beautiful. It arrived in the nicest little packaging. Needs the pettiskirt to really show off the dress to its full potential. Will purchase more of these.


Beautiful. This dress is exactly as described. Fits my sis in law perfectly.  I came over tonight as she was leaving for a party and was very pleased with the way the dress fit her.


