Body statistics:


- 5ft 7inches


-10st 0lb


- Size 12


Size tested: Large


Sent to me for review this is a good quality dress made of thick material making it medium weight.


The design is very appealing, modern, in line with current fashion trends, vintage, classic (1960s ish) and rockabilly.


Thankfully the fit was perfect and the length reached below the knee. I acknowledge that it can be risky buying clothes online and if you have any doubts about buying this or any other clothing I would recommend E-Mailing the seller and ask them what their return policy is. Some might be happy to send you a different size which others might not be so receptive to the idea.


I found that this was more suitable for a formal setting but it can also be used in more of an informal setting like a barbecue gathering etc. From a footwear perspective I would recommend wearing smart footwear like stilettos in a red, black or white colour. Jewellery-wise, bold, retro jewellery would suit best of a red, black, white or clear colour.


My friend was so gracious to buy the light green dress off my Wish List for my birthday so I was pleasantly surprised!  I was also pretty shocked this fit me at all because stuff from China seems to run small, especially plus sizes.  But it fit perfectly.  You get exactly what you see in the picture so it's as lovely in person as it is in the photo.


The only gripes I have are that the zipper keeps getting stuck at the waist and the bodice is very short for bigger busted babes, especially in the plus size.  So the panel at the waist sat right below my bust which made it look weird when I tied the bow in the front.  I wore this with a mid sleeve cardigan so, thankfully, the resulting empire waist look was barely noticeable.  I bought a 26" length petticoat separately to wear underneath but my hubby and daughter both agreed it looked nice even without the petticoat.  There was enough flare to wear without but I imagine this will not be the case for women who have no hips.  It is unlined but at this price point, you get what you pay for.


I will definitely buy this in another pattern!


So many compliments!


Absolutely in love with this dress! I wear these kind of dresses often and this so far is my favorite. Looks great with or without a petticoat. I wear it with a black petticoat underneath. It's perfect in every way got several thumbs up for it. I might just buy one in every color haha! I bought the xlarge and I'm at 12-14


I've had my eye on this dress since early spring 2015, but I hesitated because I wasn't sure if it would flatter my figure or make me look like a beached whale. I'm short and curvy with a few extra pounds, so it was a gamble. Well, I was very pleasantly surprised! This dress is extremely flattering and I absolutely love the pattern (red/black flowers). It flares out just enough to make you want to twirl around a few times! LOL. And, it's just the right length for me (I'm only 5'2")- just below the knees.


The only complaint I have is it fits a little snug in the chest area, but not so much that's it's uncomfortable or hard to zip. But, I do have ample real estate, so it might fit just right for a "normal" sized person...LOL. This dress is made of a nice medium-weight material, the kind that requires ironing. But, it's absolutely gorgeous once it's ironed and paired with some nice red, black or white sandals (I tried it with black platform sandals and it looked fabulous!)


Disclaimer: I received a free sample of this item in exchange for an honest review.


I love it! The length is perfect and comes just above my knees. The skirt is full and flowing and my favorite part is that it completely hides my bra! Usually, I have a problem with my bra showing at some point through the arm holes, but this one has plenty of coverage and is tight enough to my sides that it keeps everything hidden! I'm 5'4", 130ish lbs and 32DD, the waist is a bit looser than I'd like, but it's comfortable and is easily fixed with the tie in the back.


Beautiful dress that is well made with perfect stitching.


Dress fits as expected, and the design and workmanship is flawless.


The material is super comfortable and it flexes with you. It is stretchy, and is made of Polyester and Spandex. Impressed with the sample provided for review.


Absolutely beautiful dress!  Perfect fit.  There's a little bit of stretch to the fabric making it very comfortable to wear.  I read the measurements carefully and chose the size accordingly.  It worked.  Remember the measurements are the actual garment measurements.  If you don't want skin tight, allow for an inch or so extra.  I've already washed this... machine delicate with cool water.  It washed beautifully.  I'll touch it up with a cool iron and it will Twirl merrily!


I used a sewing tape to measure myself and bought the dress size based on those measurements. The dress just came in today , I bought a petticoat for underneath also . I love this dress ! I am 5'2 158 lbs and I bought a size 18 . I can't wait to wear the dress for our night out !


ACEVOG Vintage 1950's Floral Spring Garden Party dress look's just like the photo, and fits's perfect! I'm 5'5" 135lbs and the size medium fit me exactly.  Only down fall is I wish it was made from a nicer material.  It's almost costume like, very stiff.  Also the neck sits up very high, but I guess that's the style.  It's prefect for what I bought it for though, so I'm very happy with my purchase.  It also got to me in just a day or two, pretty awesome on the fast shipping.  The second dress I ordered hasn't even shipped from the vendor yet.


