These dresses are very nice. The cotton may not hold up well with washing so be sure to dry clean. For the price it's good. Can dress it up or down.


The dress is much longer than I expected. I had to have it hemmed so that it didn't look awkward, but it looked cute afterwards.


Cute summer dress.  Casual, nice print,  fits great.  I wouldn't call it a bridesmaid dress though.


I did my measurements & selected size according to the chart. It's only fitting through the shoulders & chest & length is below the knee. I am 5'6". Comfy material. Will definitely buy another!!


It was a little big bigger and longer than i expected but nothin to complain about. Just took it to the tailor and had it altered and shortened for my sister and she was quite happy.


I love this dress. Fits just right! Perfect with or without petticoat. May be tight in the chest for bigger chested people, but otherwise wonderful.


"fits really well, but very tight in the bust but i have DD boobs. i had to quite literally squeeze my boobs into the dress"  so says my wife about it  :P


I was REALLY nervous about what I'd end up with given the wide range of comments but I guess that's the game we all play when you buy online. For the price I figured if it doesn't fit no harm/no foul. Let me start with the important stuff, the metrics. I'm usually a 1x but will do 2x if it's a clingy fabric. I am a B cup in bra size. To be on the safe side I ordered the 4X. I marked it "fit as expected" based on advice to go up AND the measurement chart provided, which you should 100% read and take time to measure yourself if you don't already know.


I bought the black and red flowers version of this.The dress itself is adorable, well constructed and fits perfectly. While the material is 'thin' it's not see-through or sketchy. It's a light cotton dress. While I've seen some reviewers discuss the 'stretchiness' of the fabric I would say more accurately that it has a little 'give' to it. A little.


In order to achieve the fullness shown in the product photo you will need a petticoat. I purchased one on Amazon (Modeway $20) and it's adorable. I bought this for a party and can't wait to wear it. I'm pretty critical of myself  but I can say it looks cute and is flattering. Definitely thinking of buying one in a solid color for the summer.


Loved the colors and combination of print & solid fabric...


Excellent dress for church, love it


