Heavy fabric and nice full skirt make this a solid well constructed dress. Plenty of room to add a taffeta skirt enhancer, flattering even on larger build like mine.


I loved this dress I loved the color and detail. I wanted it so bad for a wedding but after 15 days I contacted the company and they said sorry it was damaged. Very disappointing. It's such a pretty dress.


I ordered this in both about XL and XXL because I was unsure of the fit. The dress is well made, and loved the print, but I did not like the fit on me. The bottom is too wide for my short frame. If it was a softer fabric, it would have been perfect.  Sorry I had t o return both sizes.


Dress is a little tight if you are busty (I am a 32 DD), but not so bad as to be uncomfortable. Ordered a dress bolero to wear over it for work and it looks very professional. Quality fabric and appears to be very well made. Will definitely buy more dresses from this designer.


I'm 5"5", size 8-10, 37" bust. The length is just below my knees. I bought the large and it fits well, perhaps a tad too big on top but it will be comfortable for hot weather.  I'm planning to travel with this dress because the pattern will disguise wrinkles, and it will accessorize well with black belt and shoes.


I get it's hard to design a universal fit for women. This dress would be perfect, but for the fact the the sleeveless cuffs rode up on my underarms, giving them no room to breathe, which would definitely show any sweat on a hot day. If the arms where a bit wider to allow better flexibility/breathability, this would be perfect!


This is, hands down, the BEST thing I've ever bought off of the internet!  This dress fits like a dream!  Make sure you follow the size guide in the Product Description section and you can't go wrong!  I'm 6' tall, and this dress came just below my knees, not quite mid-calf.  It was perfect to wear to my son's KG graduation!


This dress is gorgeous.  I feel so fancy in it.  I believe I ordered and XL and I range from a 12-16 depending on brand.  If you are large than a 38C however, I wouldn't recommend this dress.


This beautiful white dress with red roses is well made and it fits perfectly!  I ordered an XXL. I'm 5'5, I wear a 16 or 18 dress size. The length comes just above the knee.  I'm so happy it fits me - thank you!


Colors are just like picture. Fit is great and very flattering. wore a Petty skirt under to give it a little more fluff.


