The fabric is very nice, but when I put it on, the dress fit as an empire waist — not cut for someone with a bust, I guess, even thought I have a high waist.  I'd love it if it fit properly, but the "1950's" idea wasn't happening.


Be aware that if you buy this dress shipped from China ("free shipping" but not "free returns), it is basically unreturnable because shipping it back is prohibitively expensive. I wrote to request a return, and on a $25 dress their opening offer was a $6 credit and keep the dress.  They were responsive and nice about it. I didn't bother negotiating.


I am 5'7".  While the bust, waist, hip and length measurements are accurate, the length of the bodice is not appropriate for the size.  The "waist" hit directly below my bust line and the darts extended nearly two inches above center-bust.  I've given the garment to a woman about 4" shorter than I rather than go through the hassle of sending it back.


The dress is beautiful but the bust line is cut much smaller than the numbers indicate. I would have ordered the next size up and probably would have been very happy with the dress but the product having to be returned no later than the day it arrived late afternoon is ridiculous and assumes their customer is either jobless and lifeless or a thief; so I will not order from the comp0any again.


I ordered this dress and panicked afterward when I saw the estimated delivery date, but the dress arrived in about two weeks. I'm 5'5" and weigh about 145 and I ordered a medium (as always) and it fit me perfectly. My only disappointment was the length of the dress. It comes to the middle of my calf. I'm not sure if this is supposed to be knee-length or calf-length, but knee-length is what I need, so I will be getting the dress hemmed. However, this is purely an opinion! The dress is definitely beautiful and semi-formal. It is a little dressy for the occasion I was planning on using it for, but I'll be saving the dress for another opportunity! The seller was very helpful and friendly, and easy to talk with about the product. The packaging was sealed and, though the dress is slightly wrinkled due to being packaged (which is expected), there are no marks or discolored areas on the dress. A great buy for the price!


Just got this beauty yesterday !  I am super happy with it ! Lovely pattern and colors. I have ordered 3 dresses from Acevog and will continue to do so. The workmanship is top notch.


Size reference- I ordered a Medium for my 5'5" 128lb frame. Note : their dresses usually run a tiny bit snug in the breast area '


This is a wonderful dress! It goes below the knees, which gives it a real 50s look. The fabric is thick, and does not wrinkle easily. I ordered the Small, and it fits perfectly. I'm 5'2", 115 pounds, and I usually wear a small. My bust is 34B, waist 27". I would say, order your regular size, unless you have a larger bust, then you should go up a size. The fabric has a little elasticity. The dress is great for Spring or Summer.


Quality seems ok for price.  Top fits well. I am 5'6", 140 lbs, and 32DD bust (40 inches), and I usually wear 8-10 US sizes.  I ordered the LARGE based on my bust size.  My only criticism is that the skirt has a pleat right in the front and this causes the skirt to pouch out right there making my mid section looks a little larger.  Given the price though I intend to keep it.  Overall cute and hope for it to be a good summer dress.


So cute. Wear it w/ my big full slips from Amazon. It is so cute. It fits perfect. Really love this dress. I like being girly sometimes & this fits the bill. I'm crazy about the 50's look. It is so much fun.


I am pear-shaped, high-waisted, 5'3.5" - I generally wear a M/L top and 16/18 skirt - This dress in a 3X would have needed significant alternations to work. The neckline was super high, the waist was too low, the chest had too much unused space, the skirt had too much fabric... A 2X would likely be closer, but it would also likely not work without more alternations than I am willing to have done. I am returning the dress.


I am a hard fit, but I had high hopes for this dress.


Also, I think I would have needed to wear a slip. The thin cotton would probably be see-through in direct light, as it is unlined.


Beautiful pattern!  Unfortunately, in my size the bust was not large enough to fit my normal frame.  Most of the 50's styles fit me perfectly, just not this particular cut.  Also the neck was too high for my comfort.  I believe this would fit if you are a size 10-12 and are an A-B bust size.  It's a very pretty dress.  I'm going to purchase a different style dress with this same apricot material, it's that pretty.


