Dress was what I expected, super cute and super retro. If you want the dress to puff up you need to buy a petty coat to wear underneath. It is snug so you might want to go a size up. I got a large and it's sing but I do like it that way and from the other reviews I knew it would be snug.


I had to return this dress because it was too tight across the bust... I am 5'7" and a 36D.  Also, I am long waisted and this dress did not fit properly.


Its a pretty dress especially for the price unfortunately it runs small so go up a size or two,also the fabric is a little thin and transparent so you’ll need a slip underneath


Very short.  It appeared in the description to come to knee length, but in reality it was mid thigh.  If it wasn't to short,  it would have been a great dress.


For some reason some of these manufacturers are sizing clothing way too small I measured the actual waist and it is completely different from what it supposed to be. For 25 bucks I'm not going to go through the process of returning but I'm never ordered from this company again. They make it very hard for women to think that there were a size 4X when they're actually size 1X.


This is a very pretty dress. The material isn't thin or cheap feeling. It does wrinkle easily though.


I'm typically a size 6-8. I ordered a medium & it fits like a glove.  Beautiful dress. Nice stretchy material.  A bit shorter than expected for my petticoat but easily remedied.  Can't wait to wear it this summer to the WWII ball!


It's perfect! The material has a slight stretch too it so it's a comfortable fit even when you sit. It's hard for me as a larger girl to find a dress that compliments my body and this certainly does it i think. Nothing but compliments so far. As for the length it's a bit below my knees.


Great fit, fabric is stretch, cut is awesome


Love the pattern on this dress, the length of the skirt is perfect. However, if you order in a plus size, make sure you wear an unlined bra, as the darts don't line up for those who are top heavy. The waist tie lies high too, more underneath the bust than at the natural waist. Super comfy and the skirt doesn't really need a petticoat in my personal opinion, looks great without. I can't wait to wear this!


