This dress is heaven. It's a stretch cotton, and it feels very quality. The fabric has just enough heft. It fits beautifully. Note that the tie sits directly under the breasts, but somehow isnt unflattering like most empire waists because of the way the dress lays. Most importantly, it is LONG enough for work (I'm 5'9"). I couldnt be happier. Please forgive my unpacking mess in the photos.


The dress is very cute and to me seemed big for the size chart they display. I'm a 49 inch bust, 39 inch waist and I bought a 3X, (actually I bought one in every color) they bust fit snug but not too snug. I've I had known how cheaply sewn the waist is I would've bought up a size. Just from trying it on the stiches are pulling, but I think I can reinforce them and for only $25 I do really think this dress is a value.


Follow the size chart. I found it pretty accurate. The dress is very beautiful, and quite comfortable. However, the material is really strange. It feels a bit coarse and wrinkles quickly. I'd say it takes about 3 attempts to iron out wrinkles (believe me, I know how to iron clothes and have been doing so for a decade or so). I wore the dress for photos with my husband.


Looks cute on the website and it was at least well made when it arrived but it was too short. I'm 5'9 and the waist of this dress hit very high on me, right under the breast line like an empire waist. Then the dress stopped right above my knees. Way too short compared to how I thought it would look. I also expected the dress to be flowy. It's a pretty stiff cotton. I sent it back.


This dress (in the red lace pattern) FIT it just... it's as though the took the small size and to make it larger just made it WIDER and didn't adjust any other measurements. The waist, which in the picture looks like it hits at the natural waist, was, in reality, just below the bust on the 2XL. It was plenty long, it would zip, it just FLARED into a circle skirt RIGHT below my bustline. It would be a great maternity party dress, maybe? But for a tall, athletic gal it was proportioned in the weirdest way possible.


I freaking love it.  I ordered more colors.  It is beautiful, fits perfectly ( read the reviews as the sizes are not the usual American sizes).


I am 5'8" @ 200 lbs.  Wear a size 16 and ordered a 3x- Perfect.


Material is nice smooth cotton blend.  So much more than expected.  Came in a nice bag- a little ironing and it was good to go.


Cannot state how pretty it is!


Received my dress today! I was happy with the fabric and the look of it. I am 5'9 and the length hit right above my knee which I was hoping for! Only disapotnent is it fits a little snug on the girls. I wear a 38D so I got the xl based on reviews and other dress measurements I have purchased in the past. Fit was great everywhere else curious how the XXL would have fit. Overall if your busty get larger or pass on the dress.


I love this dress! The tie in the back is very flattering and does an excellent job showing the waist. The top is smaller than expected. I've ordered two more dresses in different colors. It's cute and fashionable at a good low price. My daughter is posing in the dress for the attached photo.


I ordered this with a little hesitance. I wasn't sure how this was going to fit....but it fit perfectly. I'm 5'4, on the heavier side at 175 and carry it in my hips and rear. There's enough fabric to create a slimming effect. I received many compliments the night I wore this. I paired this with red wedges and a red flower hair tie. I even felt very pretty.....so it is absolutely worth the money. (I believe I paid $20.00 for the dress and $9.00 for the wedges.) Money well spent!


Great dress.  Fits as expected, decent material, flattering.  Was a little longer than I expected, but, well... I'm short.  Like hobbit short (5'2"), so everything is longer than I expect.


It's easy to put on and easy to remove (as a dress wearing person, this is important - nothing sucks more than struggling to put on or, worse, take off a dress).  Material has some give, so you don't feel restricted.


