This is a beautiful dress - the fabric is awesome, great patter, and slightly stretchy. The fit is less desirable. It rides high up on the neck and and left me feeling like I was choking. Even on my daughter, who is quite petite, it rode a bit high, though she will be able to wear it.


I ordered a size small because I usually wear a size 2; however, my bust is 34C and the small cut me across the bust and the armholes were much too tight.  Gave the small to my girlfriend and ordered a medium.  Much Better.  Dress is beautiful and fun to wear with its swingy skirt.  Tried a red crinoline slip underneath, but the slip was too long.  Looks great on its own without the slip.


Just be sure to purchase the size based on your measurements...even then it's not exactly proportionate.  The dress fits great everywhere except the armholes which are too large.  Nothing a small dart can't fix, but annoying to have to do, none the less.  Otherwise, just gorgeous and flattering.  I now have one of these dresses for everyday of the week, I love them so much.


It's a pretty dress but the pattern I got was probably a little too busy. It ended up looking a bit matronly. I purchased another ACEVOG dress which is just perfect and I received a ton of compliments on it. This one is just okay. But it did fit well and the price was great.


I love this dress. It's a beautiful style and the fabric is nice and thick. It looks especially nice with a pettiskirt under it. Looks good with a cute little belt too


I ordered the Light Green in an XL. It's a beautiful dress which reaches right to the knees. It's beautiful with a petticoat (as shown in the picture) but kind of hangs awkwardly without one. My only issue is the material gets wrinkled very easily and ironing is required before use. Great purchase!!


This is really cute and fits perfectly. I am small-waisted size 4-6 5'7" tall and the Small fit very well. Comes about to my knee. Like it even better with the tutu skirt to fluff it out. 50s all over again.


I love this dress. It arrived earlier than expected. The material is somewhat stretchy. I'm 5'3", 190 lbs, 38D cup, usually wear a women's 18 - the XL was quite snug but I am keeping as my diet starts tomorrow :) I will order another color in a larger size


I love this dress so much that this is the second one I ordered (in a different pattern of course)


Even though it is white, the material is thick enough to wear a dark bra under it with no problems.


It fits in the waist and the length is perfect, but the top is a little too large and I'm pretty evenly proportioned so I think this dress is meant for someone who is a little bustier than average for this size.  It's a lovely dress and if I keep adjusting the shoulders and wear some kind of heavy sweater over it to sort of squish everything down, I can get away with how I don't fill in the top, but i can't wear it alone or it looks really goofy.  It is a lovely print and style though.  I do love this dress.


