This is my second time buying one of these dresses. I have another in a different color, and people cannot believe I bought it online! Fits like a glove, and the fabric is incredibly comfortable. You're guaranteed to receive compliments when you wear this dress, whether you wear it to the office or out. I highly recommend buying this dress while it's available!


Beautiful for summer wear.  To get the right look of a flared skirt, one needs to invest in a petticoat. Add a broad-rimmed straw hat to really get the the vintage look.


Pretty, elegant and flattering. I don't like the belt and I am going to have a seamstress take it out. You definitely should wear a petticoat underneath. It gives it great volume.


I will have to alter it, but the overall look was great.  The shoulder/ bust area was too large (and I am a 44DD....). Worth it though for women with curvy shape-would not work at all for sticks...


The dress showed up wrinkled and a little sad, but once I gave it a wash and a good ironing, it was just what I purchased.


I wore this as a bridesmaids dress and it was perfect for the casual wedding. It was affordable and well made. I felt like I was making a gamble when I bought it, but the gamble paid off!


it's super cute and fits great and looks even better with a petticoat underneath, BUT the zipper popped after 4 hours... make sure you arent busty. if you are, make sure to reinforce it with another zipper


Read the size chart, take your measurements and you'll get the right size. Love love love this dress!


I ordered a medium based on the size chart provided. Usually I wear a size 8 pants but can wear either a small or medium top, depending on how it's made, due to my smaller bust size.


This dress was big on me everywhere.


I gave it to a friend who is a little wider and she had trouble zipping the dress, although it fit her fine.


Purchased this for Grease 50th party for one of my friends.  The dress was great came on time and the quality really good for the price.  I was not able to attend the party, but kept the dress I thing I can use it this summer with cute sandals.


It's a little tight in the chest, so size up. Also, the material is cotton, so it wrinkles easily. But other than that, it is really nice quality. Shipping took a little while, too since it's coming from overseas.


