Fantastic Dress. I'm somewhat concerned that I am becoming addicted to Rockabilly Swing Dresses. They are so flattering and feminine and no matter how many I wear i always get a ton of compliments on them. Total strangers come up and tell me the dress is beautiful, which of course it is! I ironed mine with both Magic Sizing and Spray Starch. The dress is mostly cotton with just the right amount of stretch.  Using Magic Sizing and Starch on the dress gives it a professional finished look. In addition I highly recommend wearing a petticoat under this dress (which I ironed with a pressing cloth). It's a great dress that is made even better with a petticoat. I chose to wear a  110"  sash with my dress to help define my waist - it needs all the help it can get!  :-)


I highly recommend this dress and I plan to buy more!  Love it!!!


Added 6/28/2015


I really hate to go on and on about this dress, but I must!  When I went to church today, people were still talking about this dress that I wore to church LAST WEEK!  Isn't that absolutely amazing?  This is not only a great dress it leaves an unbelievable lasting impression!!!


I bought the 4x Plus because I read in the reviews that this ran small. It does run a little small, so beware and order one to two sizes larger. I usually wear a 2x or 3x, depending on the style. I am 5'7" tall, and I am a thick girl. My chest is 50", waist is 42", and hips are 47". The 4x plus is a little tight on my chest, but it fits. I love this dress and can't wait to buy more when they come out in this size. The proof is in the picture.


Perfect fit! While I am always worried about my heavier chest the dress worked wonders! Very pleased this is my second dress from the company and both times ,perfect fit.


UPDATE!!!!!


I have to amend my previous 2 Star review to just 1. While the print dress fit beautifully and I was super happy that I at least received one good garment, I have to say that it has also gone to the wayside. I wore it total 3 times. Of the first 2, I didn't throw it in the wash because they were short wears (brief lunches) and didn't need to be laundered. The third time, however, I wore for my birthday in the summer. so, into the cold wash it went. Ughhhh... The red color in the flowers BLED! The bleeding stained parts of the dress with pink, not to mention the other white t-shirts/socks I threw in with it. I didn't use bleach or any other kind of whitener. Plain old laundry detergent. Sadly, the dress was ruined after that and I just donated it to goodwill. Maybe it was a particular dye - I'm not sure, but on the minimally bright side of things, I at least got 3 wears out of this. Purchase at your own risk.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


First, the good. I ordered the Cute Red in M - I am 5'5, 36C, waist 31. I was a little hesitant since the price was so cheap (aka You Get What You Pay For) but other reviewers seemed to like this very much. I thought, Hell. Why Not. But I decided that if I was going to get one inexpensively priced dress, I may as well get two. So I ordered another in Pure White. What a great summertime dress, right???


The Cute Red is why this is even getting 2 stars. It fits perfectly, the material is thin, yes - but it's not see through, comfortable enough and I planned on having these for warmer weather outings anyway, so that's not a problem for me. A couple stray threads, but nothing that can't be snipped without harm to the dress.Again, it's 22 dollars. No biggie. I love how it lays on me and I'll probably end up buying a petticoat to go beneath to finish the look, but it can be worn without one just as easily. Came below my knees, made me feel all "Girly Girl" - great purchase.


The Pure White - wasn't.


-1) It came with three yellowish stains.


-1) Return will be at my cost - I'm not paying for the return of a defective product to China.


-1) I can't wear this dress unless I muddy it up to be a zombie bride or something for Halloween. Hey... that's not a bad idea. Okay, maybe -1/2.


It's really a shame, because the white dress itself had a really nice faux-eyelet pattern. Going to attempt some soaking in oxy clean - but point fo the matter is, I paid 45 dollars for one usable dress. I guess that still isn't so bad.


DON'T ORDER THE WHITE!!!


ps, tried my best to capture the stains as best I could - the third was tiny, but still noticeable.


Loved it. Great material for the price! Quick delivery!


I absolutely love this dress!! Now I want to order every single one! I received so many compliments. I can dress modest while being fashionable. The print is amazing and it fits comfortably. Check out my blog for more pictures.


Littlemisssunhynee.org


I looooooove this dress!!! Wore it for a funeral, everyone complimented me asked where I got it. For the price, this dress cant be beat. Its just adorable :-)


For the record, I am 5`6 and 190 pounds. Curves and size D breasts, I got a size XL and it fit perfectly.


Super cute dress ., good fabric material


I love this dress they run small order size bigger


I am 5'7" and 150lbs b cup. I got a size large and it fits perfect. I also bought a petticoat that is 25" length to go under. It's so cute!


