If I could I would give it a zero do you not buy it It's very cheap material and they did not sew the dress right and when I was in public The top of my dresser fell off do not buy it!!!! It is not worth it I was so embarrassed when I talked off I was in public so embarrassing I was at the butterfly museum in Arizona I was also very angry and to top it off it was late the package was late!!!!!it was a horrible  experience in my life and I only  20 years old 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😖😖😖😖😡😡😭😱😱😡😡


Fits as expected, stretchy dress material. However it looks like the skirt isn't evenly cut all the way around. I thought I was getting a better quality dress but for the price I should have lowered my expectations . Still cute and I will wear through summer.


This fits great! I'm 5'10 240lbs and an XL fits me perfectly. The zipper gets caught. But its very comfortable and pretty. Update*** after only TWO WEARS my zipper broke completely off and I have to get a new one put on. Pissed as f


Actual measurements are much, much smaller than the product description -- the size 3xl is maybe a US 14? Too bad, this is a cute, light little dress that I think would hold up for one season or so based on looking at the quality.


OK ladies!  Order this dress in every color.  I just received it today and was so excited to get it due to all the rave reviews.  Well I wasn't disappointed!  It fits just perfectly and has just the right amount of stretch to make is soooo comfy!  I am 5'8" around 145lbs and ordered the size 8!  Perfect!  I will be ordering other colors!!!!


it's cut too small and because in all my excitment I took tags off etc.  I will be giving it away as a gift.  Very disappointment!!


Not what I was expecting. This material is not soft cotton, its more like curtain material and it's much longer than I thought. I was expecting above the knees. I ordered a small. I could use this as a Halloween costume and pretend I'm on Little House on the Prairie. Way too reserved for me. Not a bad dress if you're looking to cover up and don't mind stiff material that needs ironing.


super cute, nice stretchy fabric so it hugs the curves and gives where i need it to. the neckline is a tad high so thats why it doesnt get a love it. but it's very comfy and pretty. it does run small so i had to order up a bit. well worth the free return and re-order tho.


The dress is cut too small, I was not able to even try it on. The dress is beautiful but doesn't fit, I'm not sure if a larger size is available. I don't usually by clothes online for this reason. Disappointed.


Tight on the chest and I'm not chesty,  it's so cute I guess I just have some personal work to do to wear this beauty. Beautiful! !


