I am a Plus size woman, 53 yrs old, 5'4. I weigh about  220 lbs & I wear a size 20 (2X) in just about every department of clothing. I bought size XXXL which, according to their chart & measurements ,is a Plus size 22/24. It is NOT. This dress is very SNUG on me & the waist rides up pretty high. If they had a XXXXL I should have bought that. I had a sneaky feeling that these dresses were going to run on the small size. I didn't think it was going to be 2 sizes though. Now that I've got that out of the way, on to the quality of the dress. Better than expected!  Pleasant surprise. The look & feel of the dress is of a nice quality . Beautiful,  bright colors, nice cut & flow of material. Good thickness. NOT thin & cheap material. But not too thick as to be hot to wear. I tried it on by itself the first time & then with a petticoat under it. Both ways looked good but definitely better with the petticoat under it. Even though I bought 2 of these dresses I would consider another one in another color when I loose about. 10 to 15 pounds. Would probably fit better with Spanx under it.


Super cute!  I was afraid the print would be too summery to wear to a fall evening birthday party but I received lots of compliments.  The fabric wrinkles really easily (expected since it is cotton).  The skirt is so swingy and was really fun to dance in!  I normally wear a L (14) and ordered an XXL based on the measurements.  The top could fit a bit snugger but it is comfortable - I could possibly have gotten an XL.


I got a small, I'm 34-28-34. I plan on using this dress as a wedding guest at a summer outdoor semi-formal wedding.


PROS


-cute


-form fitting at the top


-affordable


-good for summer or spring


-shipping took 13 days for me...which was better than expected! (So plan ahead!)


-covered my chest- i did not want to worry about my breasts slipping out of my dress


CONS


-thin material


-overwhelmingly long for a extremely petite person (i am 5ft and even with 2 in heels, it looked weird to me)


-high neck


-sewing is off in the inside (picture shown)


overall B+


I ordered the cherry print on black dress.


I have gotten familiar with dresses from overseas (I am in the US) so I have learned to go at least two to three sizes up to account for the differences in sizing from China and in some cases the UK. This dress is no exception to my rule. I am a US size 16 and/or an XL (not to be confused with a 1X).


The dress arrived and as described. It came within two weeks of ordering and was reasonably packaged. I ordered the 3X and it fits great.


I have two issues. The first one is that this dress has (like most others I have encountered from on-line resources) an unnaturally high waist. This thing sits no where near my actual waistline. It sits just under my boobs. I'm considering taking the  waist sash off and sewing it back on down an inch or two so I can maybe tie it somewhere near my actual waist line.


The second issue (and this seems to be a common issue based on the reviews of similar products) is the zipper is a little wonky. It gets stuck about half way up. I can see possibly replacing it in the near future. Outside these issues, the dress is made from a nice material. It isn't crazy thin or overly thick, it also has a little stretch to it. The colors are true to the description.


I look forward to an evening out in the summer in this dress.


I'm very pleased with this dress, especially for the price!  I waited until the last minute to realize I had nothing to wear to a wedding and couldn't find anything at the stores, even though I was willing to pay more!  I said a prayer and ordered this.  It arrived 2 days later and fit perfectly.  I ordered a large and I'm usually a size 10/12 or a large.  Being a little wider on the bottom, I really liked the cut of this dress, it was very flattering. And it fit with more than enough room to breathe. I'm small on top, so like other reviewers mentioned, I did find the arm holes to be a little large, but not enough that it was an issue.  The dress will need to be ironed when you get it!  The material is stiff and not the highest quality, but considering the price, that was to be expected.  I will probably get more wear out of this dress, and plan to order it in another color, then I will out of dresses I paid more for.  I'd recommend it.


I ordered this dress to attend a wedding based on reviews and styling. The item came on time and for the price is decently made, I would pay twenty dollars for it after seeing the cut and quality. The fabric is somewhat thin (I anticipated this so it was not an issue for me) but due to the pattern is not see through. I found the cut to be a bit large although it fit overall. There were some spots that were buckling on the top (above chest - this may be due to the fact that I have a large chest so it did not sit flat). I did not realize in the description that it had an attached belt but i would use my own anyway. The skirt is nice and full to be worn with a petticoat. To me it seemed that it was too much fabric without the petticoat. The length on my body fell below the knee and was not flattering (I am 5'5, long torso...read "short legs"). I think this too would be improved with the petticoat (mine did not come in time so I cannot speak from experience).


Overall if the price were a bit lower I would give four stars, it can definitely be dressed up and depending on body shape would be very flattering.


Adorable dress! I received so many compliments. Picture shown with added purple pettiskirt under for fullness and belt (both also from amazon).


Pros:


Fits great.  I'm 5'10 and 144lbs and wore the medium very well.  The top puckers a little because because I'm not very big on top (32/34B). Dress comes knee length.


Great material is pro and con- pro is that it's sturdy and hangs nice.


Colors are vibrant.


Cons:


The top if you're smaller chested (however,  this would not deter me from buying another color of this)


The fabric wrinkles very easily!


I didn't care for the tie waist and just tucked that into my belt.


Overall I highly recommend and would buy another pattern/color!


This dress is wonderful! It is cut to fit an hourglass figure and the fabric is soft and thick, but not sweat-inducing. I am 5'1 and a Size 10 and the Large was perfect. The length is about mid-calf and looks great with pumps. The print is very vivid and the zipper is smooth. I don't know if it will stay this way after a wash, but I am very happy with it after the first wear. It showed off curves without being snug. I got dozens of compliments. I have ordered 2 more ACEVOG dresses after this and the fit, look, and feel of those have also got me looking at the products often to get more.


Fit perfectly - use the size chart in the photos, not Amazon's size chart or clothes stores normal size measurements.  Beautiful pattern.  Thin, but not see through.  Feels a little cheep, but that's expected for the awesome price, and I haven't had any issues with construction. Looks like an expensive retro dress. Got lots of compliments. Very classy.  A little long, though, even with a a petticoat.  I'm 5'6", 160lbs, 36D, and I got a large.


Picture includes a petticoat underneath.  Not included, but highly recommended.


Classy, stunning, and beautiful. I am 5'5 in the 170lbs area and this dress hides all those imperfections below the torso. I get many compliments when I wear it. The length is perfectly set right below the knee. If it's slightly chilly, I throw on a black cardigan and it looks great. I highly recommend this dress.


