I just got my dress today! The material is a good thicker material. The pattern is adorable!! I am 5'4, 36D, around 155lbs. I orders an XL. Its a little big in the top. Under the arm it gaps but it fits everywhere else perfectly! I am happy I ordered this size, the top part can easily be taken in. The picture I posted with this doesn't do the dress justice but you at least get an idea. I am getting ready to order a couple more!


I just got this in the mail, and I'm not sure why people are freaking out about the sizing. I'm about a 16 in US sizes (38C, 5'7", 215 lbs), and I ordered a 2X (pride be damned...) and it fits as expected. I would definitely suggest knowing your measurements and ordering based on such - the store's size chart, not Amazon's. It is lightweight, what I was hoping for - modest enough for work (teacher), not frumpy, cute, doesn't make me hot...really, I think it would only be better if it had pockets. I'll update after a few wears!


I can't believe it! I received a beautiful dress that fits perfect, and at a screaming deal.  I ordered an XL. I wear a size 14 women's (if you are basing my pants size by Old Navy women's Curvy Jeans) I wear an extra large T-shirt (If you are basing it off the brand Lucky 13). This dress fits perfect. It arrives a bit wrinkled, but that can't be helped as it has a large flowing skirt. I simply took it to be pressed, but one could easily iron it. I am so hapoy with this dress that I just ordered another in red, and with such a great price, and free shipping with Prime, will be filling my closet in no time with more lovelies.


I love this dress! So adorable. I love the way it's cut - extremely flattering for most body types. I am 5'6'' and 140lbs, ordered the small and it fit just fine. I will ABSOLUTELY be ordering more of these in different colors.


OMG!! this DRESS!! I was a little skeptical since the price was excellent and a lot of people said it fit too small or didn't give (stretch-wise). Well, let me tell you...this dress is AMAZING. Go with the measurements in the product description and you can't go wrong. Im usually a size 12-14 and ordered an XL dress. It was a tad large on the chest area (I expected it to be as per the measurements provided) but otherwise it would've been too snug around the waist. It is super comfy, the fabric is thick, it does not feel cheap at all. It is not very stretchy, in that I will agree with the other reviewers. All the seams have a flawless finish. The zipper gets a little stuck on the way up and down but that might be just a faulty zipper situation, it still works though. I ordered a petticoat to go underneath and it looks sensational. I am seriously thinking about buying a bunch of these.


My daughter is a very hard person to shop for.  She is very sensitive to the way her clothes fit her and is an odd size for her height.  We went through 10 dresses before we finally found this one.  As soon as she put it on she was all smiles and I knew we had found her Easter dress.  We bought a crinoline to fill it out around the skirt and she looked wonderful in it.  She was concerned that the neck would be too high and choke her but that was not the case.  She usually wants to change out of her dresses as soon as she is allowed to but this dress she wore all day.  Definitely a pleaser.


While I love the look of this dress, I had to return it. I wish they had an xsmall. A small is a 4-6 but it was too large for me (I'm 5' 4" and 110lb) the bottom fit fine, but the top was too large. It did not lay flat-it looked huge and frumpy. Disappointed it didn't fit as I had hoped. Had to return it. It was also VERY thin. You would probably need to wear a slip for the bottom and possibly a tank top on the top. Just my opinion tho! Hope it helps!!


This is a case of you get what you pay for. The waistband is about 2 inches wide and ties at the back. Unfortunately, whoever sewed it didn't keep it straight on the machine so the waistband starts off 2 inches wide on the left side of the dress and ends up being 1.5 inches wide on the right side of the dress.  Basically the waistband is narrower on one side. Unfortunately, this is the front of the dress so you can't help but notice it. I needed this dress for my shower since it's a 50s theme and I'm going to wear it. It's not worth returning as I may get another dress with some other quality issue. My solution is to tie the bow at the front instead of the back so the flaw isn't too obvious.


For being a "blind" purchase and not being able to try this dress on, I was delighted when it showed up just in time for a wedding I was attending. It hugged my curves in all the right places and I love the length. I'm about 5'2 and it comes down to about my shin. The dress DOES need to be ironed before wearing. It wrinkles very easily but with the way it lays, I don't think this takes away from the dress at all.


It would be extra cute with a petticoat under it, but it does just fine on its own as well.


There was some extra fabric in the neck area but that could easily be remedied by adjusting the fabric around the zipper, I suspect.


I am so happy with this purchase! I'm usually really picky when it comes to trying on and buying dresses and it usually takes me such a long time at the mall to be satisfied enough to spend the money on something I'm barely comfortable in. Well to my surprise, the quality of the dress exceeded my expectations. It is thin, but just right and seems of a good quality and not cheap like a body con type of dress (yuck). I was impressed with how nice it looked even without a petticoat. Length is about 2 inches below my knees and I'm 5'7". I usually fit into a size 12 or 14 dress and size 12 pants. The dress was a perfect fit! I'm so impressed, I think I'll buy more in different colors. (I will upload pics if I can update this review)


Negative= the belt that came with it did not fit, not even close! The belt could probably fit a small? :P


