I was contemplating purchasing this dress for quite a while before deciding to commit.  The price can't be beat!  That's for sure.  I guess I was thinking "you get what you pay for" and since it was inexpensive, I had my concerns.


The dress is made of a nice sturdy stretch cotton and the print is really nice.  The image made me think it had a tiny bit of sheen to it, but it does not.  It fits nicely but there are a few little things. The zipper on the side buckles and sticks out a bit on the hip and the hem is uneven.  I can easily fix the hem.  The zipper?  I need to work on my sewing skills to remedy that.  I could take it to a tailor.  I could just live with it. :)


Every time I wear this dress I get compliments.  It is cute and looks great with or without a petticoat.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase.


I really love this dress! I have become a fan of this style. It compliments my triangle shape 34-31-50. I'm definitely ordering a few more of these.


Versatile dress!!! Wow, wore it out for the first time and got a lot of compliments. As cute as I had hoped it would be. I am on the leaner side in the torso and a b cup and usually wear an 8 in dresses, ordered a medium and I felt very pretty. The tie in the back helped it fit perfectly at the waist. From the other reviews it seems like the dress shape works for most ladies.


Wore it to the office with a little bolero jacket and people smiled and nodded. Then went to Atlantic City to a resort last night and got a lot of positive feedback. The fabric is vibrant and a nice quality to the pattern. I got the dark apricot.


Would recommend highly for pear shapes.


Will definitely see what else the manufacturer makes as the quality of stitching even on the inside is good. Just ordered one with a cutout neckline for a wedding, but will go a size smaller per the recommendations.


Im 5'5 and usually wear a size 16-18. at first look i thought for sure this would be too small but it got perfectly.  the material is thick but does wrinkle if you are sitting for a while- nothing too terrible though. a bit longer than i expected but i bought it for church so that's fine by me. there are a few spots inthe stitching that have some threads, and if you examine the dress you can tell its cheaply made but no one would notice...i got a ton of compliments on how awesome it is. it looks fine without a petticoat but with one  it gives that wow factor. the belt that comes with it is stupid. It's way too big and doesn't seem like it belongs....but the dress ties in the back so i dunno why you would wear a belt anyway.  Great for the price.  Very flattering- especially for us plus sized girls- gives a nice hourglass shape.


I really like this dress. I'm not a big dress fan, but wanted something that I could feel good in when I go out. This dress fits the bill for the most part. My ONLY complaint is that the chest is a bit snug for me. If I go up a size the waist would be too bit, though (an easy enough fix I suppose with some basic tailoring on my part). The material is nice, a bit stiff, but not overly heavy and I'm sure after the first wash it will be fine. The dress looks beautiful in person, the red is vibrant and the blacks deep. The white is also a nice crisp white and not off colored. I was half afraid that the large print wouldn't look good, but I think it actually works out well.


This dress is very cute and quite flattering on my figure .  I usually wear a size 16, so I followed other reviewers' advice and ordered a size larger than I would normally.  I have a modest breast  (38B) and wide hips; I'm a pear shape not an hourglass.  So if you are heavy on top this dress may not be for you.  The fabric is of good quality and the price is awesome.  My one complaint and reason for four stars is the bodice is a bit off and very modest.  I think I will be ordering a similar styled dress with the haltertop to have a sexier look, but I will still keep this dress because it is flattering and cute.


Bought this on a whim as I don't wear dresses. I will wear this. The fit is perfect for me but let's just say I have a bit of a belly so I was a little worried. It's a little stiff but I'm guessing that's the sizing and will be fine once I wash it. It's a good weight for a Spring/Summer dress. It's put together well for the price. I'll probably buy two others I saw in different patterns but only after I wear it and see how it holds up and the comfort level.


I really like this dress a lot. Very pretty print. It's actually the 3rd one I've ordered from this seller. My only complaint is that the XXL is a bit too big on me. But a previous print I ordered from them & sent back was an XL & I thought it was a bit too snug. It was just too tough for me to zip up by myself. I typically wear a 14 in most dresses. So it's kindof hard for me to say which size would be best for someone who usually wears a 14. I don't have a large chest, so if you do & are a 14, I would think the XXL would be the way to go. Smaller chests *might* be fine in the XL. The fabric of the dress isn't thick, but it also doesn't feel cheap at all. Not see-through (at least the darker colors) so no need to worry about that. I wore this one without a crinoline & it was just fine. Would buy from this seller again.


I purchased this dress amongst others for options to wear to work with a cardigan and to my brother’s summer picnic wedding. I have not decided which one to wear yet. This product was shipped in an Amazon box with other items from additional. This was packed appropriately and arrived on time. I was impressed with the size fit, quality and material.


Make sure to check the size chart! I am top heavy and need to make sure everything fits in the chest area.


I received this product at a free or reduced cost in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. I appreciate an honest review, which I use to purchase products and strive to do the same. If my opinion changes I will update the review. I am not under any obligation to give a 5-star review and rate received products accordingly. [...]


Beautiful Dress!, Vibrant Colors!, just enough stretch. I wear a 14/16 depending on the material and style of the dress and I'm a 38D so I ordered 1 dress in large and 1 in XL. The XL was a bit snugg in the bust but otherwise a lovely ladylike dress. Perfect material weight  for spring and summer.


