I'm only giving a three star because of the size. This is a beautiful dress. However, I read the majority of the reviews saying that it runs small. I'm normally a small so, I ordered a medium. Why did I do that?... my dress is wearing me. I am a small therefore, I should have ordered a small.


Beautiful!!! Love this dress going to buy more!! Wore for Mother's Day. Well made, gorgeous colors.


5'3, 130 lbs, 32D.


I went a size larger because of the reviews and was disappointed to find that the dress was a bit too large. I will definitely order this garment again because it was exactly what I was expecting. The skirt is very "swooshy,"


I wanted to love this dress, I really did. The fabric is very stiff and the cut leaves me feeling like I’m wearing a burlap sack. Not very flattering.


This dress is exactly as described and it fits me perfectly  -- I'm 5'6'', 165lbs, and I ordered a large. I became worried after reading a few comments about sizing and ordered a second dress in XL, but that one is definitely too big. The fabric is not as soft as I had hoped, but it's a lovely dress nonetheless.


Bought this dress for my daughter to wear for graduation and her graduation party (so only a few times) and it is very cute. School color is royal blue so I bought the solid blue one which she will wear with a black shrug. Like it so much she picked out a flowered one I will order soon. Very cute dress!


I ordered the navy and white polka dot print.  The dress actually fit very well as it has a little stretch to the fabric.  I ordered in a size medium and usually wear a dress size 8 to fit through the bust.  I am returning the dress because it is just too long for my 5'3" frame.  I didn't think it would hem well due to the width of the skirt.  Overall it is a good deal for the price, mine didn't have any problems with the construction as some other reviews stated.  It does have a tie attached at the waist that isn't mentioned in the description and you don't see it in the photo unless you look very closely.


I love this dress. I am big busted so had to order a size that would accomodate thst. I think it made the shoulders fit kinda wonky. I may take it to a tailor to get it fitted a little better. But it looks great and fits well otherwise. Beautiful dress


I've been lusting after a dress like this for over a year and it was SO worth the wait. I finally bought it for a brunch wedding and I know I will be wearing it for many other occasions. I bought this one size down after reading reviews and it fit perfectly. This dress got me so many compliments. I love it!


It's a light, cottony fabric with a little bit of stretch - very comfortable.


I followed the fixing chart but I couldn't zip it up the back, apparently my back is to broad. It took for ever to get it and it is lovely. I took it to a seamstress but there wasn't enough material to expand it. I wear it with a jacket or sweater


