I read several of the reviews on this dress, so I knew that it ran small, it says somewhere here to order 2 sizes up; I normally wear a 2x so I ordered a 4x, which was a great decision. The dress was super cute! The colors were vibrant and the dress was made well for the price. As other reviewers indicated however, even with going 2 sizes up, the dress was still too small in the bust area. My mother is a seamstress so that was not a concern for me. She was able to sew insets (about 2 inches a piece) in the seams under each arm and it fit perfectly!! I will share pictures soon. This dress was absolutely perfect for the 1950's birthday party I wore it to!! The 4 stars are only because of how small it runs, everything else was great!


This pattern is adorable and the fabric is a sturdy quality.


I usually wear a size 20w (American) in dresses and have to nip in the waist. I ordered the 4x after checking the size chart. However, it is too tight across the chest and excessively loose at the waist.


I plan to take in the waist, add some of the fabric to the chest (under the arms) and add some darting to remedy the fit. It's so cute I am trying everything to get it to fit.


In the 4x, I'd say the chest fits like a standard women's 16/18, the midsection fits like a standard women's 24, and the length is mid calf (I'm 5'7")


I ADORE these dresses. I left feedback for the white/red flower version. I wore it on a business trip with a petticoat I bought on Amazon and ballet flats. I got TONS of compliments from it, and decided to buy 2 more of the same style, different color. I highly recommend wearing a petticoat under the dress to add femininity and make your waist look smaller. Adorable! Just make sure to refer to the BUST SIZE for the dress size you need. I am a 36DD and got the XL. Fits beautifully.


SELLER WAS WONDERFUL IN THEIR RESPONSE TO MY ORDER.  THEY PROVIDED A VERY AMICABLE SOLUTION.


I WOULD DEFINATELY RECOMMEND THIS DRESS DUE TO overall quality of material of dress PLUS the seller response.


My manufacturer question was addressed quickly by the SELLER.


Colors in the material are bright and true to representation.  Material is nice weight.  Construction is good.  Skirt fall and swing are of good design and construction.


Ordered next size up but the torso portion of the dress is small so you may want 2 sizes up.


I am five feet five I weight 220.  My bra is 40 D. I am short wasted so I ordered a 3x. Plus


This dress rocked my expectations. The fabric is nice a medium weight, I expected less since the price was friendly. The darts were perfect my chest and arms are comfortable. I also bought a lesser fluffy petticote it really perfected the overall look. I would give this ten stars, it arrived in a very timely manner also.


I just wanted to say that I love the original dress I bought, I tried it on it fit perfect, completely true to size. The fabric is light and airy, I can wear this in the summer or winter with leggings and cardigan or shrug. I absolutely love this dress, so I came back today to order the Black/White./Red and Floral print. THis is completely my style and the fact it was on sale it what sold me on it. The seams seem like they may get loose, but it looks like it will take a while, if you have a sewing machine and you know how to use it, hitting the seams may not be a bad idea, but there may be no issue, I will be wearing this dress for my birthday dinner with my boyfriend and he absoluely loves it.


Pros: Cute dress, the dimensions are correct.  I've bought a dress by this brand before and it was perfect


Con: Zipper doesn't work.  It kept getting stuck on one side and graphite/soap didn't help it.  Since I needed the dress ASAP, I decided to take it to the tailor to get it fixed instead of returning it since it looked like it would take a long time.  The tailor wasn't sure if she could fix it, but if she can it would cost an additional $15.  The zipper looks like the same one used on the other dresses I've bought from them, but it seems like this one just wouldn't work.  Hopefully it can be fixed.


I have not worn this dress yet because it running small across my mid back so its hard to zip right now. I did not return the dress because


I do intend to wear it to event/church this summer. I think for two reason I am a top heavy person and I think the dress runs a little small. I thing


someone who is not top heavy this dress would be perfect. I was surprised about the material of the dress as well it was not as elegant as the picture. I was hoping to wear this dress with some purple satin shoes I have to make the dress really stand out but when I saw and touched the material of the dress I realize the shoes would be the standout so I will wear with some black shoes I have.


I absolutely love this dress! The only reason I give a 4 instead of 5 is because the zipper gets caught but otherwise it's perfect. I bought three.. I'm waiting for one more to arrive. I got the black one and a one one with black and red flowers and surprisingly it is not see through! I feel so classy and as a bigger girl with extreme self-esteem issues, I feel so elegant and classy in them. These dresses are very flattering. For the price, it's a steal!


Love this dress! I was very pleased with the overall fit and quality. I ordered a small and it fits great. I'm a 34-26-36 and 5' 4" - 112 lbs. I like the tie in the back - allows you to adjust the tightness of the waist if it's a little loose - the bust fit well without being too snug or loose. Hits me just around the knee or a little below. The skirt has volume but if you want it to stand out like a 50's dress it will require a crinoline - which I have purchased but have not worn yet. The fabric is a cottony-like material with some stretch - matte finish on this pattern. The stitching and everything on the one I received was nicely done - no complaints. Definitely would purchase again.


