I bought this dress in another color. It fit me like it was made for me and was just so cute.  I ordered another because I loved the first one and the price was excellent and I loved the material. It has a little stretch to it that makes it very comfortable and the weight of the material was just right. The second dress I ordered was too tight across the bust. It has to be a couple of inches smaller than the first one. I was really disappointed because I was looking forward to buying more in different colors, but now I don't think I will.


It was way too small in the bust, and I have been unable to get ahold of the seller to exchange it.


I absolutely LOVE this dress! It is very figure flattering and comfortable. I have used it for several occasions now and have received multiple compliments at each. The fabric is beautiful and the dress feels very well made.


This dress is great! I was worried about how thin the fabric would be, but I was pleasantly surprised! If I had the need, I'd buy this in other colors.


Love the fit and the material - the brushed cotton with a slight stretch is awesome.  Length a little long but I expected that because I am 5 1".  I actually ordered the same in another black and purple floral and the emerald green:)  Great dress for a summer day wedding, out and about or even a nice work dress.


Very pleased with my purchase. I am 5'5" tall and weigh 115 pads, I ordered a small and the fit and the length  is perfect.  Iove the skirt flare. The fabric is good quality. Excellent price.


I love this dress! It's so pretty!! And I got so many compliments on it. It's figure flattering and the print is very lovely. It's lightweight stiffish material that gives it shape and it's not see through!


I only have one complaint... The collar. It doesn't sit right and pops out. Not sure how to fix it or if it's even fixable :(


Love it. I needed a red dress; Thanks, ACEVOG! I ironed and wore it to an event the day I got it, and the compliments came. I'm 46 in the bust and 42 in the waist, and the xxl was a snug but still flattering fit.


Great fit for shapely body. I am a 14/16 with 40DD chest and this dress fit like a glove. Accent belt shows off back of dress while flowly bottom accentuates legs. Love the fit on this dress, definitely will pick up a few more colors for the holidays.


Beautiful dress , entirely too long !!! I'm 5ft 2 inches and this dress hung well past my knees... hemmed it up and it's fine now ... just wish I would t have had to do that ....


so unless your 5'9 expect to have to put some work in


