It's so-so.  The skirt isn't full enough to be called a circle skirt, IMO, and the color is greener than it appears in the photo.


Wish it was just a little bit longer. It hits a little high above the knee but I wish it was just a tad bit below the knee.  Over all I love this dress.


I loved this dress. It was perfect. It was flattering and then I washed it and now it will fit a toddler :(


I am so happy with this dress that I may buy more in other colors. It fits as expected according to the size chart. The cut of the dress is very flattering. I wear it with a petticoat, but it would look good without one too. The shipping was incredibly fast, I received it well before the expected delivery range!


Very pretty dress


This is a charming dress, very flattering to a figure and falls right below the knee on an average size teen. Love it. Thanks.


Ordered an XL based on my bust (40-inches). I always order based on my bust for Tea Dresses, after all, it is free flowing everywhere else! It fit like a dream! The fabric is flowy and not heavy at all, no slip or petticoat required! I ordered a few dresses before from other sellers where the fabric is too dense and it gives a stiff look and you really need a petticoat to get "movement" to the dress. NOT THE CASE HERE! I ordered the Apricot dress and MAN is it BEAUTIFUL! It matches with all THREE of my nude heels and my black ones. I bought a maroon sweater from WallyWorld (walmart) and it matches perfect! I have another dress coming from them today by another postal carrier. This dress is currently my favorite out of a dozen or so of my TeaDresses! Plussssss the fabric gives a little too so you aren't being strangled at your bust! YOU CAN BREATHE without hulking out on your zipper!


I have been at work for an hour and received over 4 compliments on this dress so far. I am in love with the comfort of it as well as the style. I got an XL and it fits perfect!


My favorite dress. It was a big hit when I wore it on a recent cruise. It is well made and beautiful


I love love this dress ! I'm 5.4 h ,123 pounds and a M size however I ordered large and it fits fine .. And looks and feels great . It's cotton and comes below the knee size .. It has the tying thing at the back which am not that fond . Over all it's worth it !


