Literally my favorite dress that I own. Every time I wear it I receive compliments and it fits amazing. I'm 5'4" and 185 lbs. I purchased a large and it fits perfect. I just followed their size chart and it worked great! I just bought another in black!


Excellent dress!  Heavy material than excepted.  Very nice for the price.  Classic lines.  There is no gap under the arm.  The print has held color through three washings now and looks to be well set.


This polka-dot dress is great! Nice quality (not thin or cheap like I'm always afraid affordable online dresses will be). Very FIGURE FLATTERING and long enough on my 5' 9" frame that it's definitely perfect for work/office wear. I might buy another one in another pattern.


and for being cotton, it doesn't wrinkle as much as I expected. I can take it out of the dryer a bit damp, let it hang to finish drying and wear without ironing or pressing. bonus!


I am 5’1” and 150 lbs. purchased a medium.


Dress exactly as in pic and material is great quality. I am heavier on the hips and always seek out the flare on the bottom to hide my hips/ thighs and this works perfect. One of my friends loved this when I wore it and buying it as well.


I read a lot of reviews before my purchase and glad I did. I ordered a size up and it fits perfectly. Very flattering cut that makes me feel very girly. That's saying a lot because this girl do not own more than three dresses. I can never find one that I am comfortable in. I am pretty sure I will be ordering different colors in this. Love it!


I love acevog! They WOW me everytine!


This dress was adorable the first two times I wore it but after washing the color has faded significantly and the material around the neckline no longer lays flat.  It's cute, but less so after washing.


This dress is completely adorable and I'm so happy I bought it!  It does run a bit small, however.  I ordered a size up and was happy with how it fit and looks.  My problem area is my belly, and this dress is very forgiving!


I am 5'6" and 226 pounds. I ordered a 3x and it fits perfectly.  The material is stretchy, and it ties in the back. Will be getting more....


