I LOVE this dress! It is very soft and very comfortable. Extremely flattering and elegant. I'm 5'8"; I wear a size 10; I'm a D cup and I ordered a M. Perfect fit!


I wore this dress, in red, to a formal dinner cruise.  I received it on a Wednesday late afternoon and had to have it packed Thursday morning.  Fortunately, because of the material I was able to throw the dress in the washer, hang dry it over night, lighltly steam a few lace details on the neck line and the dress was beautiful and maintained it's shape and size.  I am curvy and the dress conformed perfectly to my curves.  I received so many compliments wearing this dress!!!  Even a little girl in an elevator full of people wearing formal wear complimented me specifically on how much she liked my dress.  Definitely a confidence booster.  :)


Just another rave review.  At 5'5" at about 150 lbs. this dress fits like a glove without being too tight.  Size L.  I wanted a holiday formal and this is IT.  Great cruise dress as it is foldable.  Lace is stretchy and the underlining is better than what you would expect for the price.  Caveat.... this is not a "high end" feeling dress- it won't give you the skin feel of a $200 plus dress.  But it is remarkably comfortable and LOOKS expensive.


I really wanted to love this dress, but it wasn’t what I expected it to be. I purchased the red one in extra large based on the size chart. The fit was ok, but was pretty big in the arms. I think the large would have probably been to small in the hips and butt, though. I am curvy; measurements 38, 33, 42. The fit isn’t the reason I returned it though. The picture shows that there is a white liner underneath, or at least I thought it was white, but the liner was kind of yellow which I did not like with the red. The lace was pretty and the dress was decent quality, but I could not get over the liner.


I thought it would be a little loose as I wear a 6 and I got a medium, but it was a perfect fit for me.  The length is great.  I'm 5'2' and 140 lbs and I didn't need to do any alterations at all, and it was not dragging on the floor.  I did wear 6 inch heels.  It fits just as it appears in the picture.  It looks more expensive that it is.  What makes me give it 5 star is the fit and look for the price!  I would definitely buy from this designer again.  The band around the waist is satin so it gives a very polished look. Beware if you have a tummy, you will need to tuck it in.  This dress is the best value for my money for all the clothes that I have ever bought on-line.  Love the way it fits.


The dress is beautiful. Fit pretty true to size (ordered a X-large and like my clothing to have a little wiggle room in it , I could have probably have worn a L though. It's stretchy. I have a pretty curvy figure and weigh 154 lbs.) My problem was that I'm 5'5" and even with shoes it was too long. I needed it for a dance event and would have tripped over it, so I had to return it. My only warning is that were the band goes around the front and goes around the dresses landing just under the bottom. If you have a larger bottom, like myself, it pulls the dress in kinda awkwardly there. After review the other pictures posted on here by customers were purchased the dress, you can see what I mean. Besides that is a stunning dress. Lots of detail, nice fabric, fully lined, and not cut to low (I have a large chest and you can only see a hint of it in the neckline.)


Really great dress! I got so many compliments and my friends couldn't believe I paid so little! Definitely comparable to dresses that were $200+! I am 5'1", 136lbs, and I think a 38D (in breastfeeding so it's hard to tell lol) and the large fit great! It was a little long for me but being a shorty most dresses are and with a pair of heels (4" I believe) it looked great! You'll definitely want some static guard and a lent roller if you have pets!


Beautiful dress, lace is soft and lining is a good quality. One thing that was a little weird is that the whole dress is of a stretchy material, EXCEPT for the seam just below the bow, which made it bunch weirdly at my hips - I had to pin the lace up a little under the bow (which hid the pins), since I didn't have time to sew it before the event I purchased it for (I will need to fix it before I wear it again).


Beautiful red dress. I am a size 12-14 and bought an XL because Im thick through the hips, butt and thighs. Fit perfect. Stretchy material. I am 50 and didn't look matronly as another reviewer said it would. Lol


The dress looked FABULOUS!!! I am a great deal disproportionate in that I have a waist that is much smaller than my butt, but the dress (2XL) fit extremely well without any altering. It came on Friday and I wore it Saturday looking like it had been made just for me.


