Loved the color and fit up top - there's a seam you cannot see that goes through the hips which caught on me and my hips are large so can't blame the dress.  Really liked it but sort of felt like I was mother of the bride in it rather than wedding guest.


Very pretty. Great price. Wear a xs or small. Ordered small and it fit perfectly. Little long (I’m 5’4) but with heals it was fine.


I'm a small, and I ordered a small size of this dress - and it was still a little big! I had to take in the sides and back (of the under tan-colored lining as well as the outer lace) for it to fit me well. But, the material is super soft! I was worried it would be scratchy lace, but it's not. And the length was perfect. (I'm under 5'5" and with 2" heels the length of the dress is perfect)


Loved the dress. It's so soft and comfortable and I got many compliments. My first time ever buying a dress online. So happy with this choice.


Beautiful! True to size and amazing. I have received so many compliments,  plus they are amazed on the price.  Its awesome and you can stop looking now


Minus the length being a little longer than I expected, everything else was perfect! Love it! Makes me look thin, v-neck isn't too deep, material does not feel cheap, color is navy blue, sleeves fit great and it feels like a maxi so you can move really easily with no problem. I got an XL. I usually wear women's 16, I'm 5'4 and definitely bottom heavy, but this dress makes me look great. Also the dress stays in place so you don't have to worry about always fixing it! Love it and would definitely recommend.


Elegant and well-made for the price. The lining is substantial and I felt beautiful in it. Great for hourglass figures


The quality of this dress and fit of the dress good . My only issue with it was just kind of plain. . If you are looking for something simple for a decent price this dress would be a good purchase for you.


I don't know how this dress has so many good reviews. It came wadded in a small bag and it looks like something one would have purchased from a thrift store. I can buy a dress a lot nicer at Ross Dress for less for about $15.


Pretty formal dress, but I returned it because it was too small for me. I ordered the navy color. It was tighter than expected.


