Bought this in a LG (I'm a size 12) and it fits differently than the black lace dress. It is tighter and didn't look as nice as the black lace version. I'm curvy and busty and the area from my upper thighs up to the waist was more snug than I was comfortable with but the rest of the dress fit like a charm!


Perfect! I really liked this dress , I bought it blue to wear something different, and its beautiful, very comfortable also.. Looks better when your wear it than picture..


Very pretty dress, but it was snug (no room for error). Leave ego and your 'regular size' at door and follow the sizing chart. I ordered a Medium because that is my normal size. I am 5'4", 140 lbs, athletic build and it was snug. Tried to order a Large, but another item was sent by mistake, so cannot attest to one size up fit.


This gown is beautiful. My husband loved it and thought it was sexy. However, it does not have a zipper which made it difficult to get on and off without assistance. I had to return it because of this issue. Otherwise if you can get it on easily it has beautiful black lace detailing with a nude underlay.


I am 5'8", wear a size 12 and 34F, and purchased a Large.  This dress was absolutely perfect for hosting a client appreciation night!  It was the right balance of elegant yet professional, though I did wear a lacy tank top underneath to hide any cleavage, only because it was a work event.


The tee shirt material in the dress is incredibly comfortable and does not show or look trashy when you wear it as some negative reviews claimed.


 The dress came down to my lower ankles, which was perfect for my tastes.  I dislike constantly catching dresses on my heels as I walk so I do not prefer the dresses that skim the floor.


It was definitely worth the price.  Now, if only I could find more events to wear it out to!


I really love this dress.  It fit exactly as expected, and I got a ton of compliments.  The only downside is that I don't think it photographs as well as it looks in person because the flash of photography really focuses only on the cream liner (and not the gorgeous black overlay).  Doesn't detract for me, but worth mentioning.  Overall, it's gorgeous, and soft, and flattering, and comfortable!  A perfect dress (especially for those curvy girls like me)!


This dress is absolutely gorgeous.  I'm 5'2" and 125 lb.  I ordered a medium, and it fits perfectly without stretching.  The material is stretchy enough to get it on without a hassle.  If you want it more form-fitting, I'd say order a size down and you'll be fine, because there's plenty of stretch room.  The dress is a bit clingy, but the fabric feels great on your skin.  The neckline wasn't actually as low as I was expecting, which was a plus for me.


Pictures do not do this dress justice; it is absolutely beautiful.  I am 5'1" and 125lbs and often struggle to find dresses that fit nicely on my pear-shaped body.  Ordered this for a wedding and it was absolutely perfect.  It did not require any hemming or other adjustments.  The dress is nice material that is thick and durable without being too thick.  Spanx were not needed! I was able to easily dance the night away in this dress and got so many compliments! I also ordered it in red which is just as beautiful, however it is important to note this is truly a red and not a wine/burgundy color.  I will definitely be ordering from this brand again in the near future.


Surprisingly stretchy and comfortable. Classy, but also sexy! I do wish I wore Spanx though because my tummy was showing.


I would have thought it might be a little big since I wear a 2 (xs) and this was sized for 4-6 (s) but it fits like a glove so perhaps it would be safe to say it runs a little small to my benefit.  My husband loved it and that is the true test!  No zipper in the back was a surprise but it is easy to put on and very comfortable. I am very pleased that I do not have to wear a camisole underneath as it is not too low in the front. Classy Dress! I expect it will look nice along side my husbands tux or the holidays. Thank you!!!


