Fit beautifully, and it's comfortable.  I wore it for my daughters wedding reception and got compliments on it all night long


My daughter ordered this dress for a school dance and is thrilled with it - or most of it anyway. She didn't care for the belt, but it doesn't need it.


I am very impressed with the brand Miusol, this is my 3rd dress and I'm very pleased. This particular floral lace fits very sexy,  the sleeves were a tad bit tight but wearable.  I will continue to purchase Miusol clothing.


Absolutely beautiful dress, amazing quality and can't beat the price!! I can't wait to wear it to my nephew's wedding :)


The dress was bought as a last min dress for a formal military dinner. I got it on time. The fit was awesome.  True to size. Im usually a small or medium depending but ordered it in medium to be safe. Fit and lenght were both great. Wore a 2.5 in heel and had a little extra length but nothing crazy.


The fabric gives really nice so when you are sitting, you are totally comfortable.  It was made with soft lace and hugged in the right areas.


This is a beautiful dress and I had purchased the same dress in black a few years ago.  This time I got the navy blue.  The color is much better in person.  I had so many compliments when I wore it. Quality is great and so is the price.


Very nicely made, though the sleeves were longer than 3/4 length.  Fit well otherwise and comfortable enough to wear all day into evening.


This dress is very cute! I was skeptical at first after reading some reviews. I ordered a small-I am very curvy, 5'5, 32DD, and 130 pounds. I was unsure if I should order a medium or not but I am glad that I ordered a small. It's beautiful on. The material is good quality, however, definitely need some static cling. The only difference from the photos is the chest area. It is not as low cut as it appears in the photos, which is okay with me.


Absolutely would recommend this dress to anyone wanting a formal dress for a wedding or formal dance. Its stunning an fits great. Its not a heavy dress and it keeps you warm. I got a lot of compliments about the dress.


I ordered a large i wear size 10-12 it fit nicely.


This is a very pretty dress, true to their size chart and feels nice. However this is not a bridesmaid or even wedding guest attire, at least not for me. I bought it for an event I have, but I will be buying a different dress for that occasion.


I think its a great buy, but it's just not dressy enough for a wedding. Just my opinion.


