I am very short (5' even), but plus-sized with an hourglass figure (very busty, big butt). I wanted an elegant dress that I could wear to an early November evening wedding that would cover all my insecurities, while still looking young. (Having just turned 30, I was worried that any dress I found that covered my arms would make me look like I should be sitting with the grandmothers.) I stumbled across this beauty on Amazon, read the reviews over and over, and took the leap--the price is amazing.


Being a kind of small size 16 dress size (I'm a 14 in pants, but usually need the extra inches of a size 16 for my bust), I took a chance on the XL, knowing from the seller's size chart that I may be too busty for it. The XL fit, but was a little tighter than I wanted, so I decided to send back for an XXL.


Bottom line: This dress is a stunner! It made my motherly, plus-size figure look bombshell, red-carpet gorgeous! I am hoping the XXL will have the same flattering appearance that the XL did. Since I only tried on, I can't speak to the issues others had with static cling, but I will probably buy some spray just in case. The lace is smooth and heavy with a bit of stretch, and the lining is a comfy jersey (none of that slippery, cheap polyester stuff!) The dress just skimmed over my problem areas, baby belly pooch and wide hips in particular. Also, I love the length, as it just touches the floor on me, which rarely happens for me with long dresses, as I am so short. The fit made me look smooth and slender, the v-cut is not too deep to require extra cover, and the lace around the neckline really finishes the look. I'm on the hunt for the perfect jewelry and shoes while I await my replacement dress!


**I'll update when I receive the larger size to give some idea on the difference between XL and XXL.**


I ordered this dress for my son's wedding after seeing the actual pictures of others wearing it. I got it in NAVY, size large, although I normally wear a medium or size 8-10 dress. I am pear shaped, 5'4 and 157 pounds. It fits perfectly and looks beautiful. No alterations needed. I was concerned about the v neck being too deep for me but it is very modest. Fits right in all the right places without hugging snugly...Gorgeous dress!!!


Beautiful dress! Bought the black and navy to decide, went with the navy! Im 5'8 and ordered the xl, great fit. Length was good with a SMALL heel. Like others said, static guard was a must, no problems after that! I received many compliments at my husband's company holiday party ☺


It's very pretty and does look like the picture. There is a place between  the sleeve and shoulder that has not been sewn so there is a big hole. Lots of loose threads hanging off but that's not a big deal. My wedding is in April so I don't believe I have time to return it for repairs. I will do it myself.


I'm a size 14, 5'6 and the XL fit perfectly. The length is long enough that I can wear a small heel. The dress does show a little cleavage, but not enough to be uncomfortable. My biggest issue with this dress is the static cling between the lace and nude underlay. It's RIDICULOUS! Plan to carry static cling spray with you all evening. I haven't decided if I will keep it or not... It's a great dress for the price, but the static cling causes the dress to ride up and layers to lay weird.


Great fit. Very flattering and the perfect length. I tried to dye the interior to black to have the all black look, but the fabric doesn't dye. My bad though, the instructions on the dye package didn't have Ployester on their list. It came out a grey hue which I love love loved instead of the nude one it came with. Very pretty dress.


Perfect fit...it was snag in it so just returned for another one


Beautiful


Dress could Not


Believe the quality and how elegant  I wish I could give it 10 **********


Stars


I received it today. The dress is beautiful, unfortunately it is ripped slightly on the left arm lace part. I don't have time to return it as I'm wearing it this weekend.


This dress is very beautiful and affordable! It looks exactly the same online. I am a 34C and have a small waist but wider hips so when I tried out the small, I wasn't comfortable in it. I am in the process of returning it but I ordered the medium already. It fits better on my hips now. I'm a 5'1 and the length is perfect when I wear my 5 inch heels. The only downside to it is that the lace tends to cling to the fabric underneath so you really do need to invest in a static guard. Also, it is a bit see through when you are out in the sun so definitely something to remember.


