Love this dress! Sooooo comfortable. Danced all night in it! I got so many compliments on it. This will be my go to dress!


Great dress for the price. I'm 5'2 and the length was perfect. Normally I wear 16w and I was able to fit in the xxxl size.


Very beautiful dress. Perfect lenght. I'm 5'5" weighing 135 lbs. Size M fit me perfectly.


Great dress for a wedding out of state!  I rolled it up in a ball to fit in my overhead luggage.  It was very easy to travel with and fit awesome!  What a great deal


Great dress! Received many compliments.


As a result of medication that I was forced to be on for a 5 months, I gained a considerable amount of weight...a weight gain that I have never had without being pregnant.  So needless to say when a family wedding was coming up, I was panicking because I didn't know how I was going to find something to embrace the curves in a way that would make me look curvaceous and sexy rather than frumpy and fat, like I was honestly feeling.  I read the other reviews and honestly I thought how on earth could I find something online for such a great price -I mean we are talking lace and it's lined.  I sew...so just the material and then lining and sewing it together; I couldn't even go to the fabric store and buy those things and sew it for that price.  So it arrives and it just looked so spectacular.  I did wear my spanx underneath but I always do.  Everything lined up perfectly where it needed to be...the bow is in the smallest part of my waist and that sort of "gathering" (not the technical term) cups under my booty just right and it hits the floor perfectly but I still wore my heels.  And the girls were out a little on top...not too much though.  I got a lot of compliments and it felt great to feel that good that night when I hadn't for so many months.  My one regret is that we didn't take any photos.  I am 5' 5" and 175 lbs right now and got a L.


I've never received so many compliments!! LOVE!!


I liked this dress but was not really suitable for me for my son's wedding. It fit well and seemed like it would be quite comfortable to wear


I love the dress!!


The dress fit perfect and look beautiful the only thing I do not put 5 starts is because the under material had so much static and keep giving me shocks but I still wore the dress and it look good.


