I love this dress! I bought a red one this fall for a wedding and received many compliments. I have another wedding this month and ordered it in blue as well. It fits great, it's stretchy and comfortable. It looks way more expensive than it is!


Great price for a classy looking, pull over your head stretchy dress. You can't beat the price for something so pretty. The black ribbon gives a pretty feminine shape.


Only one con: I wish it had a more modest neckline, I'll be wearing something underneath.


I love it, though it is too large for, I can still work with it. The dress is as pictured. It is beautiful. I ordered a large for fear it might run small like other dresses I ordered in the past. But  it is well. I love the dress.


My husband purchased this dress for me 2 days before a wedding. This dress is amazing. It was a little big I could have gotten the xl  and it would have been perfect, but I put a belt around the waist and it works out perfectly.You're going to need static guard once  I sprayed it it was good. Am 5ft 8 inches and the length was perfect. I have 4 other dresses that I purchased for the wedding that cost way more and didn't fit so beautifully.


Loving this dress!  Just tried it on an husband gave his approval. :-)  I'm 5'3/185/hourglass and this dress will need to be hemmed but will be an amazing evening dress.


Just as nice as the picture!!


This is a beautiful formal dress to wear to any special event,the fit is perfect. I will be wearing it to a friend's wedding, thanks a lot to amazon and the seller. star rating for this dress is five, if I could rate it any higher I would rate it at 100%. Overall it just beautiful, thanks again.


Somewhat small. Had to wear a girdle. But great quality for price!!


Wow. Great buy! I'm 5'8" and 175lbs, bought a larger and found it to be just long enough for a moderate heel. Would be a little short on me if I wanted to wear taller heels though. So very comfortable! Lining is soft.


Bought for my brother's wedding and got many, many compliments.  Terrific price and made well.


