Perfect size, material everything


The jersey lining and stretch lace fabric look a bit cheap but overall, the dress drapes beautifully when worn. With the right jewelry, it will shine! The torso is  a bit a bit long on me as I'm more of a 2P and will require minor alterations to fit perfectly. This dress could  benefit from a shiny stretch fabric lining to make it a perfect evening dress.


BEAUTIFUL


I needed a formal black gown that wasn't too revealing, and this one had ridiculously high reviews... so I gave it a shot thinking that for the price, even if the reviewers are wrong, it's not a bad investment (or I'd return it). No kidding, this dress fit like a glove. I do not know how this dress manages to flatter every body type, but it seems to do just that. I normally am a size 2-4 in women's dresses (34-27-32, 120lbs, 5'1") and the size small fit me like it was tailored for me. This dress is sexy without being revealing, modest without being matronly, and surprisingly... COMFORTABLE. Static cling was a bit of an issue, and for me, the bow in the front was loose and required a quick stitch... but for the price, a stitch was no big deal. Take the advice of fellow reviewers and buy the dress.


Nice dress but too small for the size. Order size up people. It does stretch but where the ribbon is does not stretch. It looks much lighter in person due to beige background and lace not being very dense at the top. Overall very sexy dress.


Flattering on my lean figure.


LOVE this dress!!! I have it in black also. I got it to wear at a the Salvation Army's Women's Auxiliary Helping Handbags Luncheon and Auction as it was a 1920"s 30's theme.  We had so much fun dressing up!!!  I just wish that I had somewhere else to where it!!!  I got so many compliments especially on the color!


Nice


I just purchased this dress on Saturday and received it today (Monday), you gotta love Prime!


I purchased this for an upcoming cruise for one of my formal nights. I was so excited when it arrived at work today that I had to go to the restroom and try it on. The lining is like tshirt/jersey material which makes it so soft and comfortable against your skin. It hugs in all the right places and with the help of spanx, I anticipate a lot of compliments. It's elegant and classy which is perfect for any age group. I will take the advice of other reviewers and purchase some static guard to use before I pack it for the trip. I would definitely recommend this dress to anyone and would purchase again from this brand and seller in a heartbeat.


I am a plus size (curvy) lady 16/18 and I purchased the XXL. Perfect fit for me, and since it hugs with the stretch of the material, I know I can wear it as a slim down even more before the trip.


Great fit. Bought the medium... 36c/135lbs/5'4.


