For the price, this is a great dress - seriously.  I was looking at dresses in the $500 range and thought I would go ahead and check this one out.  I would have kept it had it been longer.  I'm 5'10" and like to wear heels and it was too short - definitely hit the ground but wouldn't look good with heels.  Don't hesitate on this one!


I loved this dress when I received it.  However the seam and ribbon on the seam below the waist fit strangely and was too tight.  I do have a tummy.


The top of the dress is beautiful.  I loved the fabric and was so disappointed that did not fit me.  I had to return the dress... still not happy that i could get it to work for me.


Fits great except for the middle. I couldn't wear it for the function I needed it for. The lace went to my waist, and then seemed to be stitched over itself and another panel added to complete the length. It looked horrible! I was almost in tears! It was beautiful but for that. I literally couldn't wear it. I unfortunately will be sending this back.


looks nice, fits well


I bought the dress for a masquerade party and it was perfect. I wore a lace mask and lace gloves and felt comfortable, as the dress has some give. great value for the money. I took the advice of other reviewers and bought smaller based on reviews about the fit.


this is an absolutely gorgeous dress that I bought for my daughter for a performance of Stevie Nicks' music.  She loved it, too.  She even got compliments afterwards from several audience members.


This is a well made dress I might wear for NYE - or formal party.  I returned it because I have no use for that at this time.  It fit as expected on me (size 16 - XL - 185lbs - 5'7" - 40C)


received a lot of compliments


Wow, what a great dress for the price! My husband likes it, too. I'm going to wear it for a cruise formal night.


It is hard to even get this dress to sit right without dousing it in a heavy spray of StaticGuard. Right out of the package, the static was terrible. The dress itself is beautiful and very soft. I have sensory processing issues and I was concerned the lace, particularly the sleeves, would be itchy. They are not. My only issue with the dress is I am thicker through the middle and this cut accentuates that, where the seaming is - the section between the waist seam and the chevron shaped seam below it might as well be a neon sign for my problem area. I have about two months before the event, so I have time to do a combination of diet/exercise and control garments to reign it in. The dress is so gorgeous that I'm hoping to be able to do it, while having a backup dress - just in case.


I'm 5'5", 150 lbs,and ordered a large - but again...I'm thick in the middle. if your weight is proportionally spread out, you should be fine, mine just happens to gather in my abdomen.


