I purchased this for My Wife


she States this


Very Lovely Dress


hips are large


bust on size 40DD


fits XL


ive a 25 inch waist that Dress clings perfectly


My Bum is 35 it will Need to be altered about 2 inches  one each side


it Needs to be steamed ironed do it inside out for Best results


Quality  of this Dreass is A Good one


VERY CLASSY DRESS LINED ALSO


I Would Surely Purchase it again perhaps in a Different  Hue


I was super apprehensive about ordering a dress for a Special Occasion via Amazon.  But, the photos and all the positive reviews helped.  From others I learned to size up if you are unsure.  So my stats are 5'9", 170 lbs, usually wear Med tops and Lg bottoms, or dress size 12, bra is a 36 B. I have lost a ton of weight so I have excess skin on my upper arms, stomach, and upper legs.  This dress seemed to fit my needs of being modest yet sexy and formal.  I  bought an XL to be safe.  It came in 3 days and I tried it on right away...it is literally everything I was hoping for.  The arms have just a great stretch quality for my upper arms, the under layer is heavy and feels quality along with the lace overlay.  It seems as if it will last for many wears and years.  Plus to top it off, I don't feel like it hugs my uneven post weightloss body in a bad way...actually quite the opposite, I feel like a total 1950's curvy bombshell. What an amazing find.  LOVE this dress


I am 5'0" and a size medium. I have a fairly large bust. This dress fits me perfect. It is slightly long but with heels it will be the perfect length for me. I expected to be coming out the top a little due to my bust size but it actually wasn't bad at all. I still plan on wearing a tank underneath because I prefer not to have cleavage showing at all and don't want to take the chance that any would show. The tank will only be covering about an inch so there really isn't much cleavage at all. The under lining and the lace do create a lot of static but I expected that due to the reviews so had a can of Static Guard ready. I was expecting the lace to be a little scratchy as lace tends to be but it is actually really soft. I can't wait to wear this for my Valentine's date with my hubby!


So this dress is gorgeous - another reviewer mentioned static cling spray- definitely need that im barely 5 7 and wish it was a smidge longer but will wear a low heal anyway - im 165 and this dress fits as expected- i think many times people w a bit of weight on scew what their size is- i ordered XL probably a L would have been better but i don't have time to exchange and this one fits just fine but if i lost even 5 lbs it would be too big to wear so 5'7 and 160's= large!  Will add a photo when i can but its great- i think the red would be beautiful too but for smaller women- in the larger sizes i worries it might look cheap the black looks beautiful


Buy this dress! I searched all over town for a comfortable dress to wear to a black tie wedding, who knew this would be the one! I bought the L and XL, wasn't sure based on reviews. I am 5'7" and wear a size 12--the large was perfect! So many compliments! The lace was nice, I thought with it being so inexpensive that it would be itchy, not the case! I did buy the static guard as recommended by others.


I am so in love with this dress. I bought it hoping it would be a good fit as it is for a formal event and it is. The sleeves are a little snug and may be a little itchy after a while but are still nice. I got the dress in black and want to order it in Navy and Red. I normally wear a size 18/20 and wear a 44G bra and I bought a 3X. I love the way this dress made me feel and yes it's super comfortable!!


Love love love this dress . Fits as expected it actually goes on right over your head as it is a stretchable fabric. If you do have a muffin top or any type of that situation going on I would recommend Spanx, I Am 5-3 weigh about a hundred pounds so I did have to get platform shoes to wear with it unless you're good at sewing then you can just hem it. It's just a easy dress to wear. Not extremely lightweight does have a little bit of weight to it. Hope that helps in making your decision. I ordered the red and I think I'm going to go back and order the black also.


On my way to a wedding and is getting compliments already.  I am a size 14 and the xlarge fits just right.  So if you are larger than a 14 get a size up.


Update: I love this dress so much and got lots of compliments from my husband that I got this dress also in the black.  Ladies this is a good investment.


I ordered the navy blue in 3x to wear for an upcoming wedding. I ordered according to measurements and it fit, just not in a way I would wear. I also felt like the line, I imagine is there for the slimming effect, is in an odd place. The dress is well-made with a heavy lined silky fabric and it is beautiful. Overall, this style of dress does not compliment my body shape, or I am too self- conscious, either way it is gorgeous and well made.


I usually wear a size 14, so I decided to purchase a 2x so that it would fit better -- and it worked out great! I love everything about this dress. It does have a sewn in ribbon that wraps around your lower abdomen area pulling the fabric in for more of a "fitted" look there so ordering a size larger, especially due to my larger booty helped make that zone not super fitted but just right. The dress is super comfortable and incredibly flattering.


