I wore it to a fancy fundraiser dinner, then wore it to church the next day. It was comfortable, but I wore spanx underneath. The dress doesn't hold you in very well. I'm a size 14/16 with left over pregnancy weight. I love this dress!i also wore a black slip underneath because it was really low cut.


This dress is incredible.  It is forgiving and does have "stretch" to it.  No worries if you order a bit small.  I'm a size six, ordered and 8 and a six would have been right on.  Not returning it as I don't mind more "give" and love comfort.


SO pretty on top -- the scalloping is great.  BUT, if you are a larger woman (I ordered an XL and it "fit") the additional line that starts below the waist and winds around the back is just silly.  Basically gives you a lovely "divot" into your fat, if you have any in that area.  Also, I'm long-waisted so the line in the back that I *think* is meant to land right under your buttocks, goes straight across mine.  NOT FLATTERING if you have extra pounds.  Otherwise, the material was great -- quiet stretchy -- which would have been great for my running around as the mother of the bride...  Am returning, but looking at other Miusol dresses because I really liked it except for the line.


This was a great dress. I wore it to a formal wedding and got lots of compliments. I am 5'8" and I had to add about three inches of lace to the bottom in order to wear low heels. I am a size 10/12 and ordered and XL and it fit GREAT! It does need static cling and a generous amount. I really felt like this was the perfect dress for the occasion. I wish I had an upcoming event so I could wear this dress again!!


I just received my dress today and when I tried it on it fit like a glove. I'm a big girl but in proportion, I went by the inch measurements to get my size and it was perfect! I got the navy color and it had a dark navy lining so it is very slimming, also the lace on the navy color is less geometric, more of a dainty lace pattern. The sleeves are stretchy lace so if you have larger arms the fabric accommodates. I matched this with a Navy chiffon stole and every little big space is hidden  yet it all looks well put together and elegant. It's hard for larger ladies to find something pretty, bit if you measure your inches, you will not be disappointed! Great quality and super looking, even in a 3X!


I typically wear a size 18/20. The 3X fit perfectly. I'm 5'8", the length was perfect with a small heel.  Comfortable and beautiful dress!


I'm giving this 4 stars because it's a beautiful dress, but know this: the way it's made shows your weird little bulges. Unless you have a smooth figure or some spanx, it's not very figure flattering.


I bought this for a fall wedding in the UP in Michigan and it was perfect! I’m 5’6 and the length was perfect with 3-4 inch heels. The quality is amazing for the price. I ordered the smallest size, I usually wear a 0 and weigh about 110 pounds. When I first got it I was 105 pounds so I did have it altered just a tad as it was a little loose. Got so many compliments on this beautiful dress!


The dress is simply beautiful,but it hugs a little,nothing a good girdle can't fix.The  material is quality ,much better than my previous order.Truefully this brand is pretty good.I ordered a 2x because I'm a 18w and 5'8.I do recommend this dress but make sure you order the correct size because it runs a tad bit small.Go for it ladies you will be delighted.😃😃😃


Although I bought this dress for Halloween in order to dress as Morticia Addams; I will definitely keep it in my closet and not my costume bin! I'm looking forward to wearing this to a formal event. The dress is well made for the price and incredibly comfortable! If you are wondering about sizing, I'm 5'7" and wear a size 10 in dresses. It generously stretches but doesn't look like it's stretching. Nice!


