Hinestly this dress brings out all of the fatty bumps on a body. I thought opposite before I got it. Upon examination, it had a strange tye betweenthe abdomin and hip.


I try to read a lot of the reviews when purchasing clothing, and this dress was amazing. The cut and fit was very flattering the material was very pretty. I loved that it was stretchy and had no zippers but looked elegant. I wore this to a wedding, while also having my toddler there and I was very comfortable. I just wish I had a full length picture in the dress!!!


I ordered the Large, in hopes the bust would fit. I'm a 38D, and it fits perfectly!  The dress is well made! It can be wadded up and there are no wrinkles! Love how the lace fits so nicely over the beige lining. It is just gorgeous and I'm looking forward to wearing it on a cruise in the near future. Fits true to size for 38" bust and 36" hips. I love the black lace, but if it came in colors, I'd order more!


Perfect!So many compliments.All my friends thought I purchased it at a high end dress shop I frequently shop at.I got a small.I’m 5’4 132 Bust 35 and waits 27.I wore a non push up bra and it was still good.


Love this gown! Purchased this to wear to the Christmas party. I look stunning! Beautiful! Great quality material. Fit perfectly. I'm a full figured curvy women. It looks fabulous!


Halloween costume purchase--I was Morticia Addams. I should have ordered a size up as I am a 16 W and got an XL. I think the XXL would have been more comfortable. It was tight, but it worked and was shipped quickly, washed easily, and best part is I think I can wear it again for a dressy future event. Can't beat 50 bucks for a pretty long dress that you don't have to dry clean.


Loved this dress. Wore it tonight to a formal gala and received so many compliments. I am 5' 2 - 130 lbs. and almost 66 years young so finding a special dress was a gamble on Amazon or anywhere else.  I did wear  high heels , 3 not 4 and the dress was floor length- did not alter.  I bought a medium. It is stretchy so comfortable and forgiving.  Must say it came very quickly (prime member) . I will be wearing this dress again on a spring cruise.


I ordered this as a possibility for a reception dress for my wedding. It is really beautiful and flattering. I wear a size 18 and based on comments, ordered 2XL and it fit well and was very comfortable. It has a very luxurious feel, and even though I decided to go with something else for the wedding/reception and returned this, I will keep it in mind for future events that may be applicable.


This dress is beautiful!  It fits so good!  I am shocked at how lovely this dress looks and fits for the price!  I felt like I got the best deal around!  This dress was a bit long since I'm only 5'4" but worth the cost to have it hemmed!


What a FANTASTIC red lace dress!  I am hourglass-curvy, 5ft9 and a size 14-16 so I ordered an XL.  I got SO many complements and it was the most standout, beautiful dress in the room.  I did wear shapewear and it was comfortable and moved with me.  The length (once pulled down and adjusted) was perfect for my height with a 3 inch heel.  Highly recommended!  I bought the black one too!


