Stretchy and comfortable. No zippers. 5'7" and 125lbs fits perfectly


Dress fits great! The dress is beautiful and fits snug but doesn't make you look like a stuffed sausage:) But for us women who have a little tummy wear a tummy control garment. I have no complaints and would recommend:) I am 5'5 weight is sadly "178". But hey the dress is great!!! I ordered an Xl:)


I needed a dress to wear to my friend's ROTC Dining Out, with little time to find it! I found this dress and was a little weary because of the price but the reviews convinced me. I LOVE THIS! I am about 160 lbs. and 5'6" and ordered a size medium. I wore a waist shaper so it would look more flattering in the tummy area. The breast area fit me well but for busty girls, it might be a tad tight! The dress just barely touched the ground barefoot so I only wore 2 in wedges and it worked perfect! It shipped within 2 days, a little staticky but nothing static guard or a little bit of hairspray couldn't fix! Had to iron the bow in the front but overall, this dress is super low maintenance and so worth the price!


Gorgeous dress, very flattering on, '''''' want to buy it in every color!


I am a size 16 or an XL, 5'4" height, and weight 205. My upper arms are rather thick. I have trouble fitting some dresses with sleeves because of my thick arms but the lace in this dress gives quite nicely. I brought a size 2X because I know it runs very small. Follow the sizing chart. There is no zipper but don't worry. It will slip right over your head. The material gives. This size 2X fits perfectly. It hides my discretions (love handles) but I plan on wearing spanx to get an even smoother look. The lining of the dress is clingy so you will need so use some kind of none cling spray. It is truly a beautiful, rich looking dress. I wish they had blue in my size. I would surely buy it. You will not be disappointed. This is truly an elegant dress.


Nice dress and super fast shipping...dress got lots of compliments on the party.


Im small with size 2-4...120lbs and this dress size S fit me perfectly....just buy it!


Im a happy customer


The dress was perfect! I loved it! It felt very comfortable and was exactly what I was looking for! I ordered a large I am a size 12 ,5' 6" tall and it was the perfect length with or without heels:)


Pros: really beautiful dress, very comfortable.


Cons: in the photo and review you can see a lot of white fabric under black color, in reality, it might be if dress is more stretched. But for me it didnt work.. I am 5'4 117 lbs, pear shaped, 32a-b bra, 26 waist, 34 bottom. Its not my first dress of this company (and they are very comfortable, easy to take care of), so I knew they run to bigger side, strech easily, I ordered small and its still too big. And when it isnt streched, its mostly black (I bought it for a very happy event :/.


5 stars would be for a dress, model, fabric, If you are taller or little bit bigger -GO for it.


But 4 for company not offering petite sizes or even XS, they are so popular, and in picture I am with high heels and I am still quite tall with 5'4" and the dress is touching floor, not a snug fit, wrinkles in the back above my butt. I really dont have time or money to go to the tailor to fix it.


But I still love all knee lenght dresses I bought from you. So I am sure I will be returning customer!


Never underestimate the power of a red dress to make you feel glamorous!


I was skeptical when I ordered this dress, and couldn't believe that it really was as great as all the reviews said it was.  But every single claim was absolutely true.  First of all, this dress is incredibly comfortable.  The bottom layer is a cream colored, knit cotton (like a t-shirt), and the lace overlay is a beautiful red, made of a stretchy material.  I followed the sizing guide, and the dress fit as I was hoping it would.


I wore this dress to a fancy fundraising gala and got compliments on the dress all night long.  When I told a friend the dress was $40, so told me I should just leave that information out because it looks way more expensive.


You do need to be aware that the dress is long, and you may want to get it hemmed to avoid the bottom of the dress getting snagged.  I am 5'4", was wearing four inch heels, and the dress pooled a couple inches when standing still (the look of which I actually liked in our full-length pictures).  I didn't get tripped up when I walked, but the bottom of the dress was a little frayed by the end of the night, even though we didn't walk over anything more than carpet.  Also, you'll need some Static Guard - but I sprayed once before we left for the evening and didn't have any static issues for the 6 hours I wore the dress.


I can't recommend this dress enough - just on the looks alone, it is worth the purchase.  But with how comfortable it is, too?  It's worth every penny!


PS - I decided to buy this dress a second time, in the navy blue, to wear for my daughter's wedding.  Again, got A LOT of compliments on the dress.  And I can't emphasize just how comfortable this dress is!!!  There was a small issue with the dress though...the scalloped edge at the neck line wasn't lined up correctly, but I ordered a second dress and when that one arrived looking correct, I returned the other one without issue.  I repeat: BUY THIS DRESS!!!


Great Dress. Fits just as size charts states. Extremely comfortable and really classy!


