I couldn't wait to write a review of this dress. This dress fit perfectly. I ordered a 2x and the fit was great. It is true to size and the dress is beautiful on. I am 5'7" tall and approximately 240 in weight. I also have a very ample bust at 42G. I am normally a size 18 in pants and 18W in shirts because of my boobs.  It is also very comfortable. I would encourage anyone looking for a formal gown that is also comfortable to try this dress. I am very satisfied with this purchase from Amazon.


Although the sizing is somewhat arbitrary, the price is so reasonable, I ordered a few of these in different colors and sizes.  I ended up keeping the black in size L.  I wore it to a black tie fundraising gala where many women were wearing very expensive gowns. I felt that no one knew that I was wearing a gown that only cost $47, and received numerous compliments on my gown and how it looked on me.  It helped that I went out and bought shapewear to smooth out the bumps though.  I loved how I felt in this dress and would highly recommend it to anyone who wants a dress for something special and doesn't want to spend a bunch of money.  It is very figure flattering, the right length and is made well.  I am about 5 ft 7 and wear a size 10 with a pear shape.  If you are hippy, I would go a size up.


I love this dress!  I can't wait to wear it to my son's wedding in April.  I read the reviews and it met my expectations.  The static cling is bad but nothing a can of Static Guard or a dryer sheet won't fix.  I normally wear a size 14 but decided to go up a size to an XL and it fits great.  It is form fitting so I will need to wear spanx to smooth everything out.  I'm 5' 7 1/2" and the dress touches the floor with no shoes on, which is perfect if I need to take my shoes off; I won't be tripping on it.  The shoes I'm wearing are 4" heels and the dress comes to the top of my foot which will help my heel not get caught in it.  As you can see in my picture, you can see through the bottom 3" of the dress because the underlying fabric is too short.  I didn't like this so I went and bought some navy fabric and had my mom sew it onto the bottom of the underdress.  It worked perfectly and you can't tell.  It's stretchy with plenty of give and there is no zipper to scratch or break or get caught in my long hair.  I also tend to get cold so I love that is has 3/4 sleeves.  This is my first dress purchase online and I am not disappointed!!  I would definitely do it again.


I am 165 lbs and the Large fit perfect


Material has some  spandex .


I absolutely love this dress!! I was apprehensive because of the low price but it's amazing. It's nice and light weight. I have never received so many compliments as I did the night inside this gown. Size was perfect , even the height . I am 5'2 so if you are on the tall dude you might struggle. I love it so much I bought it in the blue version and the short cocktail dress version.


Love this dress. I generally wear a snug size 12. I'm a full-figured woman; 5'3" and 180-185 lbs. with 36DD chest and a big butt and thighs. I ordered a large. It fits snug down to the top of my thighs but comfortable. I don't have to worry about buying spanx. I'm wearing a 3" heel and the dress doesnt drag. The dress is great quality and not itchy. The "V" neck isn't too low. It's a very classy looking dress. Note: I don't recommend this dress if you have a big belly. It won't fit right if at all over your stomache and will draw attention to your belly.


I love this dress! Just so you know, I am REALLY picky when it comes to dresses. Why? Because I'm a tall, thin, small-chested woman with wide hips. I'm 5'7" and weigh around 142-145 on any given day. I wear a size 8 jeans (41" hip), and am a 36B cup (small end, like a 36B-). So, it's hard to find a dress that fits both my boobs and my butt. They either fit one or the other and the poor girls are usually hanging out in excess fabric. Well, not with this dress. It works! It has the perfect stretch to hug your curves and flatter your shape. At 5'7", the dress just brushes the ground, so I'll need to wear a slight heel. Short people will need to hem the dress.


Overall, I recommend this dress for just about any body type. It's a beautiful choice.


This dress is surprisingly beautiful. I'm a size 6, 5'8", and a Medium fit perfectly.  It looks expensive and lovely.  Length was perfect. I can wear heels, and it still touches the floor.


I bought this dress becaise i trusted the reviews and was not disappointed. It beautiful on the body and looks much more expensive than the pried paid. I am 1.65 m and i always wear 12 for pants and dresses, howeve i am chesty so i bought xl and fit perfectly, if you are smaller on top you can go for a l. I hope i have helped.


i love it


