Great dress! Good comfortable fit. I'm usually a size 14 due to my height 5'10" and bit meaty in the stomach area so I ordered an XL. With the proper under garment this dress hid everything. Love the stretch yet classy fit. Dress came down to the top of my 3.5" shoes.


This dress arrived several days sooner than I had expected, so right off the bat I was pleased. Once I tried the dress on I was thrilled. It fits beautifully and is very comfortable. I'm 110% satisfied!


Miusol Dresses are beautiful!  I am very pleased with the fit and beauty of the elegant detail.


This is a beautiful dress. It fits great and is very comfortable.


so the quality is good, but honestly the cut is unflattering. Also like the other review, it is definitely not made to be worn with heels. because the beige layer honestly made me look "fatter", I ended up cutting out the inner layer and wearing a black dress under the lacy part.


This is a lovely dress and looks beautiful on, but I think it's made for someone who is quite a bit shorter than I am.  I'm not tall, only 166cm and this dress sat above my ankles.  It looks a tad ridiculous with heals, but I like the dress enough to keep it and have it taken up to an under the knee length for evening wear.


The dress fits snugly and is very flattering.


A tip:  buy some anti static spray as the lining sticks to the lace overlay.


All that aside, I still think it's rather lovely.  Just make sure of the length before you purchase.


Nice dress. it looks better than the picture! Fits me great and very flattering.


This dress is hideous. Despite my absolute hatred for it, I'll be wearing it regardless, as it is the bridesmaid dress in an upcoming wedding. This dress works well if you hate your body so much that you want to humiliate it publicly. If you have anything less than a perfect body with a good curve, just say no. It's not flattering in any way. There is a odd seam that runs across the tummy that essentially adds inches in width (visually) and gives a blocky appearance. There is also a strange seam that runs across the middle of the butt, completely deflating it and giving you old man ass. The dress is also very stuffy and something I would expect to see on the stage in Branson MO, circa 1988. It's straight tacky, looks cheap, and will age you instantly. The static this dress collects is insane and it constantly clings to itself. Any money you save buying this dress will be lost when you need to buy Static Guard in bulk. This will show EVERY SINGLE FLAW your body has from the butt up. It snags easily and I have several snags just from trying it on. The sleeves don't taper down very well at so, so you're left with an ill-fitting sleeve hanging off your forearm, like it's trying to physically escape the dress. It has so much positive feedback, and that perplexes me, entirely. I have to assume these woman either have no mirrors in their homes or were so incredibly drunk when they tried it on that they were unable to notice how terrible it is. On the plus side, it seems to be well-constructed and the color is nice.


1st- I loved the dress sooo much!


2nd- It is affordable


3rd- The dress is a keeper


4th- I asked the seller to send it sooner so, I can wear to a ball and I receieved it on time.


5th- They considered my request!


I live this dress. It's so pretty and I really like the fit and fabric


