Purchased this dress based on all of the fantastic reviews and photos. Yes, this is THE magic dress for nearly every body time. The number of compliments I received was off the charts. My specs: 5'8", 170, a bit thick around the middle. Wore it to a masquerade ball and it was a total hit. The length was perfect, not too short, as some other reviews mentioned - I suspect this was because I purchased an XL. BUY THIS DRESS - you will be happy you did.


Perfect fit and fast delivery, just as described. I was surprised since I didn't trust these China sellers, but I'm pleased. I'm a 5.8 tall full figured woman of 165 pounds, I ordered size L and it was amazing fit, I have big bust so fitting really surprised me. The wrapping was perfect and light weight, only one pound. The material was heavy, not cheapy as other China clothing, I was really surprised by the dress, it is gorgeous I had to try it right away just to send you photos. Thank you!


Loved it ! Dress is gorgeous , I'm 5'6, length is perfect. Very comfortable even with my 3 month pregnant belly. So happy with my purchase. Ladies to be accurate with sizes you can always review the "dress size table" online  that's how i choose mine. Hope it helps.


Loved this dress! Way better than one would guess for the price. Yes the materials and sewing are mass production level, but the comfort and ease of wear are far superior to even pricier dresses! This is definitely a go to dress for any last minute formal occasion. There is a lot of stretch in the fabric, so keep this in mind when sizing your order. Personally, I am a typical size 12/14 at 5'6 175lbs and ordered an XL, which was slightly loose in the hips.


It was a good dress for the price.


Fit: (Medium/red) I am 5'6", 150 lb, 34D,  and a somewhat hour glass shape (34, 29-30, 36-38). It was snug but not tight, and it hit the floor with no shoes on. I put on a pair of 2" heels (pictured) and it just barely didn't touch the ground, which is nice because then you don't trip on it. The nude lining was a few inches shorter than the lace and I would add to it and make it longer if I were keeping the dress. It flows beautifully and the full skirt is divine. My qualm with the dress was that I have these indentations on the sides of my hips, probably from not doing enough exercise or from wearing my pants too low and too tight when I was younger, regardless, the dress snugged a little too much in that area (this is where the diagonal seam hits the hip) and I noticed my muffin tops and didn't care to be reminded of them. It also extenuated my lower belly pooch because of the way it was sewn and hangs. It just wasn't the right fit for my body, and I wouldn't have been confident in it. I'm sure if I wore spanx with it or lost a few pounds, everything would be smooth and beautiful, but part of the reason I wanted the dress was for comfort (you can see this in my pictures, please don't mind the mess).


Color: I purchased the red one and it was a little darker than I had expected, which I was happy about. It is not an in your face red but a darker red, very pretty in my opinion.


Material: Soft not itchy and stretched. There is a lot of static because of the fabrics touching.


My dress came with a white seem/thread bunched at the top of the right shoulder (showing), this was the only defect.


I love this dress because of it's no fuss, no nonsense fit.  No boning or zippers! The quality lace has just enough stretch to feel like you're wearing your favorite shirt while maintaining the form.  If tou want to hide any rolls you may need the normal shapers. The lining is a thinner jersey-type material that is dyed an ecru color.  It is really quite modest but still has a sexy look.  I am 5'6" @ 125 with broad shoulders.  I have 34A-B bust.  These pics are taken without heels.  I ordered one in red and black for a ball because I wasn't sure about the red but it is a very lovely jewel tone so I'm keeping both.  Great simple, but elegant gown.  Very happy!!!


I looked amazing in this dress. I was going to the Connecticut Governor's Ball and I was short on cash for a dress. Bought this and I got so many compliments in it. I felt really pretty that night.


I ordered this dress in black size small for $50. I'm 5'2 135 lbs. Wore it to 2 wedding and felt so elegant and comfortable in this dress the whole night. The lining is a jersey t shirt like material which was soft and stretchy. the sleeves and the neckline was my favorite part of this dress. With some nice peep toe or starkly heels and clutch. This dress will make you look timeless.


I never write reviews. But this dress....wow. I wore this out and had strangers come up to me and comment. It was though someone made this dress JUST for my body. and they could not believe it was only 50 dollars. Its stunning. I am typically wear a size 2 or 4 in dresses, and this fit PERFECT. so happy if they had more in other colors I'd buy them ALL haha :)


I love this dress. It fits perfectly, true to size. The color is a little lighter than the picture. I'm 5'8 and will not need alterations to the length.


