I got this dress only today and from the try-on at home, it's perfection. I can't say yet how it'll hold up for an evening out, but I feel quite confident it will. (I will update this review after I wear it to the event for which I bought it.)


I'm 5'7", hourglass 38D/44-39-50, 230lbs, bought the 3XL in navy, and the fit is perfection. (Generally I liked the other two colours - black and wine red, but those both seemed to come with only a white or cream coloured lining, but the navy had navy lining, and I preferred that look.)


It slid on fairly easily over my head (no zip), but I took extra care handling the sleeves as I didn't want to snag the lace. My arms are pretty hefty and they look great in this dress, at this size. The sleeves do not look tight at all. Just the right fit. And there is stretch to it - both the body and sleeves - so I may very well have been okay with a 2XL but as I was buying online and wasn't sure, I read loads of reviews and watched the photos people posted and decided on the 3x.


The length is great - it skims the floor and I plan on wearing flats with it. But I think it'll be fine with heels as well.


I was concerned about the placement of the little waistband, but although it's a little high on the waist, it doesn't look too high (it's not just below the bust - but lower. If your bust measurement is larger than mine, it's possible the waistband will settle higher). And the dress is cut without any ruching or gathering, so from the waistband, it flows flat and smoothly against the midsection - unlike some dresses which bunch up there and end up giving a pregnant-belly look. So I think the waistband is quite fine where it is.


Because it's lined and the outer layer is lace (ie, something with texture), I don't necessarily see the need for shapewear underneath. I tried it on with just regular, non-special underwear and it looked fine. I may try on again with shapewear to see how it looks but for now it's not a priority.


All in all, it's great quality, fits wonderfully, and is very comfortable sitting or standing. Beautiful dress.


As for sizing, generally I wear L-XL, or size 18 in pants; so 3XL sounds out of this world. My advice to potential shoppers is to read the reviews and see what measurements people say they are, and then what dress size they bought, and how it fit them. It'll be a great help. I selected 'somewhat small' as the fit, simply because I don't normally wear 3XL and I realise if i were to buy a L or an XL, that would have been too small.


I also think Amazon's review feature seems to be off. On my review at the top, on the reviews page, it indicates I got the small. But I did not. I got the 3X, as I've mentioned. Makes me wonder about the official sizing listed for other customers who wrote reviews.....


A friend suggested this dress to me and omg am I pleased!!! The quality was amazing and the fit was superb!! I felt sexy and age appropriate. I'm 5'2" and typically wear 12/14 and ordered the large .. I could've used the XL but with appropriate "under garments", it worked.


I am 5'6" 220 lbs and typically a size 16/18. I'm hourglass shape and it is always hard to find a dress that comes perfect in length AND size. I bought the XXL and it is amazing for the price and I can wear flats or a small heel. I agree buy some kind of anti static spray the lining does stick to your legs and to the lace. Shipping was very fast(I am overseas on APO/FPO location) it came within 8 days. I am very pleased with this purchase.


I loved the dress on me


I'm 5'7" 198lbs 36DD 47" hips curvey &  pair shaped. I ordered the XL. A lot of women have bought this dress and I  see why. This dress is cheap in both price and materials. But when you see it on you'll think WOW I look like a million bucks LOL. The fit is awesome and I was afraid it was going to be too short but in my bare feet it's dragging the floor. It has the perfect length to wear it with up to 3 inch heels.


My other concern was the fact that some women received a rip or the dress or it had a hole somewhere.  I received mine in perfect condition. I am very happy with my purchase.


Words cannot describe how beautiful this dress is, I know it is important to have reviews when making a decision to purchase closing so here is mine. I have been buying Miusol dresses for some time now and absolutely love them, I have however, never bought anything formal. The fit is amazing, the colour is just as described and the design is perfect. I have a small top and curvy at the bottom so no issues as it relates to exposure on top. Please see pick to help yo make the decision to buy this dress. For reference, I am 5'4" weight 150.


I paired it with "Dream Pairs Women Jenner Dress Pump" and "Milisente Women Evening Bag Pearls Clutch Purse"


I am in total shock of how well the dress fit, how well the fabric felt and how EXTREMELY well the customer service was from Amy. 1st off, I ordered the wrong size and I ordered it September 25 (Thursday) at midnight and sent a message asking if the dress would be delivered to me by Sept 30 because I had a ball to attend Oct 3. I actually got the Item on Sept 29 (Monday). Amy replied back in such a timely manner informing me that the dress would be delivered on time. After I got the dress (size L) and saw it didn't fit, I emailed the company speaking with Amy, asking her if I could pay for overnight shipping to have it to me by Oct 3. I sent the too small dress back on Oct 1 and she sent me the size I needed (XL) on Oct1 overnight and I got the dress Oct 2. During all of the rushing, she was very patient, kind and informative. I appreciated it, because it was my fault ordering the wrong friggin size!! Now the dress itself was BEAUTIFUL....I'm a size 14/16 pants but a size M/L top. I'm curvy and the dress fit great on my bottom half (hips/butt/thighs)..I'm also 5'7 so the dress was a little shorter than what I wanted but that could also be because of my hips making the dress rise a little. With 2-3 inch heels it was perfect. I got so many compliments on the dress at the Military Ball that I wore it to. HOPE THIS REVIEW HELPED!


This blue dress is beautiful, and would have still been a bargain if it had been twice the price.  I was happy that I had chosen a dress that had Amazon Prime shipping.


About the fit...Buy at least one size up.  I ordered an XXL, and had to return it to get a 3XL, but the process was easy.  The 3XL was also a little bit longer.  It hugged my 5'4" 190 lb. apple-shaped body in all the wrong places.  The solution was to hem the lace overskirt of the dress by 1 1/2"  UNDER THE EMPIRE WAIST RIBBON.  As the dress has no zipper, it was easy to do in less than 15 min.  The underskirt was short enough that it did not show, but the hem made the overskirt fit a little wider around the belly, and thus much more flattering.  The sleeves are comfortable and made my chunky upper arms look slender and graceful.


About the dress itself...It is very comfortable, and did not wrinkle at all.  I did not even have to steam it after removing it from the plastic bag it arrived in--just hung it up for a day and it smoothed right out.  Nor did it wrinkle in my garment bag on the way to my son's out-of-town wedding. The fabric is stretchy and easy to dance in.  The neckline is lovely.  I tried several different types of necklaces and chains, but in the end decided that the neckline of the dress stands well on its own, so I bought sparkly dangling earrings and that was all it needed.  Several people commented in the days following the wedding about how good I had looked.  A dress that is comfortable, leaves a lasting impression, and costs less than fifty bucks?  You can't beat that!


I happen to need a black dress for concerts, and if the black version of this dress had been designed with a matching underskirt like the blue one, then I would order it in a heartbeat even knowing I'd have to put a hem in again.


 I hope this review helps someone with her decision.


This dress is beautiful. When I first tried it on I was thinking about sending it back because I didnt like the way how my stomach looked in it but I decided to stick with the dress and I bought spadex shorts which covered my stomach to wear underneath the dress. I would reccomend that for any lady purchasing this dress for a more appropriate, firm, and slimming look. I also wore an undershirt with the dress for a more modest look. If you choose not to wear an undershirt, some cleavage will be showing (just a note). I wear a size 14 and I bought an XL and it fit perfectly. I am very satisfied with my purchase.


Loooooove this dress! Large fits my 5'7 1/2", 158 lbs frame just right, although I usually wear a medium. Most reviews spot on about the fit to get a size up. Second time to buy a dress in Amazon and first time with this brand, and will definitely buy again because of this great experience!


