the dress feels great on love the feel of it but I just ordered the wrong size. will be returning.


I wish this dress fit but it was too large. For reference, I am 5'4" and weigh 108lbs. I ordered a size small and the sleeves were too wide, and the waist and hips too big. The length of the dress was perfect though with my 4 inch heels.


Received many compliments


This dress looks just as good in person. It's comfy but nicely tailored. I've worn it to 2 events and received many compliments! As long as you go by the size chart, you should be very pleased with the dress! Great deal!


perfect fit. I love amazon


I ordered a XXL based on the reviews so it was way too big but the dress was amazing after alterations. I'm usually a 14/16 (38c,34,45) depending on the stretch in the hips and it fits best when it's snug so I think a large or xl would have been perfect.  It came in on new years eve and i wanted to wear it so bad that I took up 8in in the waist and 5 in the hips down to the floor which made it perfectly  customized to my shape. I also pinned down the cute bow in the front to keep it laying flat. I'm 5 ft 6.5 and it was the perfect length in my 5 in heels...YHASssss....


I received many compliments. For the cost I think every woman should add this to the collection.  If it's not flattering to your figure then have it tailored because at this low cost you'll still save money.  A dress does not have to be short and tight to be sexy.


So excited to wear this to a wedding later this month. It's is a gorgeous gown &  great deal.


It has a very weird border and cut that goes from across your hips from the abdomen and under your butt.  It accentuates your hips and butt.  Not good in my case.  I returned it.  I wish it looked like the picture because I would have rocked that!!


Sent back.  Was too tight on my bust (36 dd) and was way too short.  Wish it was longer bc it was beautiful .


I'm 5'10" and it came up to my shins!


Fit as expected,  beautiful dress, good quality. I dressed it for a formal wedding and looks gorgeous.


