this dress is really pretty. I am very petite 5'2" and the length fits perfectly with heels. Just a warning to the taller gals. I will be wearing this dress to my daughter's wedding in 2 weeks. Also, it shipped in like 3 days. Super quick!!!


I was really disappointed when I received this. There's no structure. And it didn't look as elegant - looked more matronly.  I think you need awesome hour glass figure to make this look good and should probably be an older woman.  I was able to return but was disappointed to loose the costs of shipping.  Make me rethink buying clothes on amazon.


Dress it's Okay


To everyone who wants to buy this dress this is an honest review don't buy it you will just waste your money..


.this dress looked so horrible on me don't even know how to describe it...I bought it for a Christmas party had to rush to the mall to get a different dress....don't waste your money ordering this.


This dress was a complete disappointment in every manner but the shipping. The item was shipped/delivered very quickly. However, the dress itself is very cheaply made. The tan coloring that you see through the black lace in the picture is almost hard to describe. It's like a very old, thin and weathered flannel sheet ripped up to be sewn into the dress. The lace on top (which others have commented on) starts to bunch up and get full of static with even the slightest movement. The dress is so lacking in structure (as in good quality fabric), that it is most unflattering on. Granted, I think the XL was way too big (I would say an XL of this dress would be good for a woman who is a size 22+), but even a M or L would have looked awful. If you have curves (and I have plenty), this dress is not a good choice as it clings unfavorably. I would say that if you are a woman who is a DD on top and a size 6-8 on the bottom with a straight figure, a M in this dress might look ok. It's just absolutely not the stunning dress I saw in the picture online. Even for $10.00 this dress would be over-priced. I even tried to give this dress away and I couldn't find any takers, that's how bad the dress looks in person. So again shipping was extremely fast and I love the convenience of shopping on Amazon, but these are the only two good things I can say about this product.


Can't wait to wear this.


This bra is flatout weird. I wear a 34c so based on advice from the comments I read, I ordered a 36b and it was still too tight. The straps are also too fat. Would not purchase again.


I'm returning the dress, I ordered an XL, received a 2X. Very upset!!!!


So I was pleasantly surprised about how nice the fabric and fit of this dress was.  I am 5'10 and it was a little short but not so much that I couldn't just add a minor piece of black lace to fix it.  On my body it looked a little matronly since I have hips but I loved the neckline and sleeves.


I'm 5'5", 115 lbs and this dress fits me perfectly. I ordered a small. It is a little staticky but with a little hair spray up the skirt and a little underskirt, that problem was solved. Would be the perfect bridesmaid dress! Wearing to a black tie event! I think I'm going to order another one! It barely touches the floor with no shoes on.


