Love this seller. I got the navy blue and it's true to color. I'm 5'2" had to have it taken up a couple of inches. Fits perfect, very comfortable, good material.


I am 5'10", ~130 lbs and ordered a medium to wear at an orchestra gala fundraiser, it fit very well. I wore flats rather than heels and the length was fine. In a room full of much more expensive dresses, I got many compliments. The fit is very flattering; having the sleeves was nice since it was a very cold night. The material underneath the lace is a jersey material, which creates static, especially if you wear panty hose. I also didn't care for the fringe around the neckline; I trimmed it off in half-circles with sharp sewing scissors. With that minor tweak and after spraying it down with wrinkle releaser to help with static, I'm excited to wear it to as many events as I can :)


I admit to a bit of skepticism when I ordered this dress even though the reviews were pretty good. Given the low price, my expectations were not high. Happy to say it exceeded my expectations. The dress is form fitting and flattering. As far as sizing, I am an average Medium and the medium fits well, though it is a bit long for me at 5'4. A taller heeled shoe should take care of that. The stretch lace looks like it will pack and travel well without a lot of fussiness. I like it!


This dress... I don't even know where to start. I received about a billion compliments from friends and total strangers. To a mom of 2 small children, that  really made my life. :-) I ordered a small and a medium to ensure I got the right size. I am 5'8" and 145 lbs and the medium was perfection. I wasn't looking forward to the return process for the small as I hate making returns but a smaller friend saw my dress in a picture and immediately offered to buy the small from me.


I bought this dress for a New Year's eve wedding. It is really beautiful! I feel great in it. I love the lace neckline and the lace arms are stretchy, so not too tight. I would buy this dress, it fits perfect!


This is beautiful, it runs one size small. I'm a US large size or 14 dress /blazer size though I wear a 10 skirt pant size and had to order and XL and it fit like a glove in chest/ torso.  I am 5'4 and even though I wore 4" heels it was still too long and got it wet in the puddles as well as caught and stepped on! Ugh!  I will have to get it tailored but I love it and got plenty of compliments. Hope this helps


I normally wear a medium but ordered large based on reviews. Really love the color, fit, comfort, simplicity and elegance


I ordered this dress in black in a size Large. Typically im a 12-14 in dresses. What i was most impressed with is that it accomodates my chest (36DD) without looking overstretched or vulgar. The neckline is just right. This dress will likely be too short if youre above 5'5. I could have ordered am XL and it probably would have fit as well, just a little looser. Very nice looking dress. Well worth the price.


Oh my, this dress is gorgeous.  It was a hit when I wore it to my function.  The dress runs true to size, that means our true size, not the size we think we are ladies.  LOL!  I told all my friends about this brand and to top everything else, the dress is machine washable.  I had to travel by plane to my function and never once had to steam the dress, I carefully folded, then rolled the dress and hung it on a hanger when I arrived at my destination.  The only down side is the dress doesn't have a zipper, but it works out anyway.


Because the dress appeared to be form fitting, I ordered an XXL. I usually wear an L or XL. Although it is form fitting, the fabric is very "stretchy", therefore the XL would have been a better fit. Perhaps even the L. I recommend ordering down one size due to the fabric. This is the third "Miusol" brand dress I have bought. I usually spend 5-7 times the money on any dress I purchase. If you are on a tight budget, I would highly recommend trying their products. They are cute and stylish, and won't break the bank.


