Beautiful dress, and very forgiving on the figure. I really think this is the type of dress that would make any woman look great. I am tall and very curvy and it made me feel sexy. It's very easy to put on, and makes you look instantly elegant.  All the other reviews about static are very true though, I specifically bought static spray along with it, and I'm so glad because the static when you take it out of the shipping bag is ridiculous.


It’s a very flattering dress. I had it tailored a little; added a zipper down the back and had it tuck under my butt a bit more and put a knee high slit in the front. I got a TON of compliments at the party I wore it to. It’s nicely made for the money and very feminine. Love this dress!


I bought this gown for son's wedding (Nov 29, 2015). I ordered an extra large because I'm a little over weight (172, 5'1") and when I tried it on it fit perfectly with plenty of stretch all over, even the lace sleeves! The seams by the drop waist didn't give much and dug a little into my thighs so I wore a girdle to smooth out all my pouches, and it worked just fine. I'm little on top in the breast and the V neck did dip a little low, but not bad; the lacy sleeves camouflage my hefty arms considerably so I wasn't self conscious. The flow of the gown was awesome! I never felt so comfortable in a gown as I did in this one; however be careful brushing up to things that may snag the lace, it snags easily.


The gown was too long on me so I hemmed it, it's an easy hem and a zig zag stitch is hidden easily among the lace pattern ( I didn't even take extra pains when cutting it, so it wasn't exactly even, but it never showed). I would definitely recommend this gown; it flatters plump figures, like mine, and a drop shawl (overlay) of some sorts will bring added benefits to hide a slightly rounded stomach as mine. My family told me how slimming this gown looked on me, and with heels to lift me up, it really did look good. Haven't seen pictures of me yet in it, so I'll post later.


This is a very lovely dress. The fit was perfect! It looked just like the picture. I do agree with one of the other reviewers who said it would be nice if the sleeves had the same lace detail as the neckline. But, I am sure if you can find lace to match you can probably do a little addition yourself. I recommend ordering the size you wear now. I read the other reviews and they all said pretty much the same thing "the fit is pretty good to size" I would have preferred if someone had said if you're a small order the small and if you're a medium order the medium and so on and so forth.


This dress is so fun, I love it! the seams make it interesting and very flattering. The fabric is soft and light and it's very comfortable. It's going to be perfect for the gala I bought it for. I'm 5'7" and 125lbs and I ordered the small which fit perfectly.


I love this dress! I got so many compliments and felt like a million bucks! It arrived quickly.  It was SO comfortable and I didn't want to take it off at the end of the night.  I am 5' 11" and it brushed the top of my feet so I didn't trip and was able to wear a 2" heel.  The color is navy, but showed up in pictures as a royal blue.  I would buy this dress in additional colors if offered!  I'm SO happy with this purchase. I ordered a medium and I usually wear a small.  In Ann Taylor LOFT, I wear xs in tops.  I'm a 34C and a size 6 pants.  So, the medium was good.  It's stretchy and comfortable.  The lace is soft.  It's a TOTAL WINNER!


Love this dress so much! Bought it for my son's wedding because it looked nice and you couldn't beat the price. I'm so pleased! I've continued to look for a "better" dress, and haven't found one I like better. It's heavy, well made, just needs hemming. I am a pear shape, and the style is so flattering. I'm heavier than I want to be, but I feel very pretty in this dress.


I ordered this dress in red and like it very much.  You should order up at least one size.  I am 5'10" and it is barely long enough if I wear flats.  But wearing flats is not a problem for me as it means a more comfortable evening of being on my feet at a formal event.


I bought for my son's wedding. The dress arrived on time, and nicely packaged. The dress was beautiful,  and well made. Unfortunately for me, due to a recent weight gain, the dress was too tight. Reluctantly, I returned for a refund. I would definitely recommend the dress to anyone.


this dress is amazing!! i always hate ordering dresses online because different people have different sizing and i like to try things on.. but i was needing a dress and couldn't find one that i wanted in stores, and then i found this one.. it's perfect and was fancy enough for an evening wedding.. it is fitted, but stretchy.. i was getting compliments on this dress all evening and you can't beat the price.. i am 4'11" so i had to wear heels, but i was expecting that..


