This dress fits perfectly... well I'm short so I'll have to hem a couple of inches from bottom .  Im usually a small but ordered a med.  dress has stretch so still form fitting but allowed me to pull waist down some so not so high waisted.  I'm 5'4 139 lbs.  I also tucked in some of the lace on collar to allow some cleavage. I'm wearing this to my stepdaughters wedding .  Colors of wedding red and black .


I am a big girl, 5'3" 200 lb.  I was nervous about something that seems so form fitting.  I did not need to worry.  This dress is amazing.  It is so comfortable, not binding in any way.  The V neck is a respectable level, and everything stays where it is supposed to be.  I ordered the 2X and it fits amazing.  This dress is very flattering, even on a big girl like me.


Loved the dress. I got a size 8, and it was true to size. I am 5'2 and was about 128 when I wore the dress. I added my own shapewear underneath and it was a great fit. The dress was definately too long for me, and I didn't have time to get it hemmed, but it was manageable with some heals and holding the dress up. Definately get it hemmed, though, if you are short and you have the time. I would definately recommend, especially for the price.


Nice, inexpensive dress.  Although the photo makes it look like a formal, it is more of a boho maxi.  Under fabric is stretchy t shirt material. It rubs against the outer stretch lace layer and causes so much static that it sticks to your legs.  We sprayed a lot of static guard to calm it down.  Dress is just a bit too short for my 5'8" daughter.  Luckily it stretches so she can tug it down, but would have preferred 1" longer.  She is smaller on top and curvy on the bottom, so this dress is extremely flattering which is why we're keeping it.  The positives overall outweigh the negatives.  As for seller, dressed came packaged well and arrived in time promised.  Couldn't ask for better service. They even followed up to make sure we were happy.  Thanks!


Alarmed at how unexpectedly lovely the design on the arms well. It's definitely a nice dress for a chunky girl. It is very charming and ladylike. It's true to color. It also felt nice to me. It was definitely worth the money.Thank you!


Fit and was very comfortable but I'm 4'11" so the dress fell wrong on me. Because it has ribbon sown into key points for me they fell way below my bottom. I also didn't like the color it is a very bright red with a nude color dress underneath. I might have liked the red color if the fabric underneath had be black instead.


Wonderful dress, especially for the price.  I bought the navy blue, and it's gorgeous.  Only complaints - the lace at the front V doesn't match perfectly, so the neckline is slightly asymmetrical.  Also, the dress went to the floor, so I had to hem it - to be expected with such a stretchy fit, that the length will be different on anyone.


I was so impressed with NO zippers or hooks - the fabric is beautiful, and curve hugging.  I did have to wear some Spanx to smooth out the silhouette, but I'm sure most gals under 40 won't need that.


Got it as a present for my mom that was going to a birthday party and needed a sleeved dress. The 1st picture is how it looks on my mother and the second is of me. We have diffrent body type (I have big hips:'( but I just had twins hoping to go back to my regular size). Oh and just go for a size or 2 larger then you are as these are made in Asia ( A large is more like a small to medium size).


Loose threads and frying.


Not true to size even using Miusol size chart. I ordered an XL and it runs snug. (I wear 38DD bra and 12-14 pants)


Lining is the same navy blue as the lace part. It makes it different from the black and the red option (contrasting pale lining).


I am 5'2" and had to cut 4" for using it with 2" heel sandals.


So excited this dress turns out to look as good on me as it does on the lovely model in the picture. Glad I read the reviews, the liner is like heavier t-shirt material, more than the softer, silkier, polyester/spandex/rayon material found in most liners. While that's bad if you want that luxurious, silky feeling that flows when you walk, its great for not freezing your keester off in a cool evening breeze. The dress is nicely made and looks fabulous. I will post a comment here to see how it holds up after the first wash and/or dry clean.


