For the price, this is nicer than expected.  It fits me perfectly (size L, and I usually wear a 10P).  With a 3.5 inch heel I don't need to hem (I am 5'1).  Also it is very comfortable.  Only complaint is I wish that cheesy bow were not on the front, and I am nervous that I will ruin the dress if I cut it off.  Also I wish it were a little less low cut in the front.


GREAT FIT! fLEXIBLE MATERIAL. Wore this gown to a banquet and it was dressy enough to match the other gowns. It fit my5'6, 40H bust and size 16/18 frame very well and  can still wear it when I lose weight too because of the material. I bought the perfect size and it was a wonderful night. The lining looks almost cream colored on my caramel skin tone so its not nude on black women but the length and everything else was perfect. WIN WIN


The reviewers and photos enabled me to select the right size.  Thanks for all the feedback. The most comfortable formal dress you will ever wear.


I hardly every buy clothes online, because I am afraid it will end in disaster. I bought this dress for a formal wedding, and it fit beautifully. It is currently my favorite dress in my closet, but it is a shame I can't wear it often, because it is a little formal for random anytime wear. The bottom is flowy, and kicks out when you walk.  The material has some stretch to it, so you have some wiggle room in the sizing. I would not recommend buying too big because it might hang weird. I really do love this dress!


Dress is better than expected fit just right. Stretchy material to fit any body type. I was very impressed. Lots of compliments.


Love this! I'm 5 feet and the small fit perfect, just needed to get the bottom hemmed a little. I wore it for a new years eve wedding and felt comfortable and fabulous the whole night.


I bought the EZcosplay version of this dress (XL) and the Miusol version (L) bc I thought they might be exactly the same dress and this one was $25 more. Well, you can definitely tell it's made better than the EZcosplay version. The lining on the EZcosplay version is white and it's way shorter than the black lace so it looks odd. The lining hit right at the shin (I'm 5'4") and it wasn't very stretchy either. It was ok, but not as nice as the $50 Miusol version. The Miusol version is nicer and it stretches, it also has a beige lining. I think it's worth the extra cost. I'm in the process of returning the EZcosplay version and keeping the Miusol version.


I absolutely love this dress, the color (navy blue), great quality, it fit me perfectly, I was a little skeptical about buying it because in the reviews I can only see people wearing either the black or red, but I'm very pleased with it


I love this dress! The only thing is that is a little short for me to wear it with heels, (I’m 5’8” ) , but is really nice dress, perfect fit ... so, i have to wear it with really low heels which is not really a problem...


This dress is awesome! So comfortable and a flattering fit. I had concern it wouldn't be long enough, but I'm 5'7" and could definitely wear heels while still allowing dress to hit floor. I had to return it though because I thought it was a darker red, but it is RED RED... In natural light, a BRIGHT RED. Not what I was going for, but I would recommend.


