I think this dress actually fit as expected!


I bought it in size L cause everyone were saying it was small and that kind of stuff.


But it was too large for me so I had to take it to a place to get it fix.


I am 5' 5", large was perfect with some heels.


I ordered this 1 size larger, and I'm so glad I did.  I was hosting a formal tea party, and I'm not a skinny girl, but didn't want to look like a whale either!  THIS was the perfect dress.  I felt beautiful, and curvy, NOT like a stuffed sausage.  Thank you.  I hope I'll have an excuse to wear it again soon.  It felt so comfortable, the lining was soft and the lace was lovely.  Highly recommend.  :)


I needed a dress for a Mardi Gras ball and didn't want to spend a fortune. I decided to try the XL after reading through all of the reviews. I am a larger cup than anyone else has yet mentioned, while having a more average type for the rest of my body. The dress fit great, thought it wasn't quite the deep V-neck I was hoping for. I am 5'4" and did need heels to keep the dress from dragging. With some static guard and comfy heels, this dress was an amazing purchase. I got compliments and felt comfortable all night long! highly recommended for the "tough to fit" person out there looking for a pretty and comfortable dress!


Beautiful dress.  I did order a medium originally which is my normal size.  I am 5'6" and 128 lbs.  I have broad shoulders with muscular arms.  I am 34B chest, 28 waist, 36 low hip.  The medium was too big. It wasn't severely noticeable but it didn't cling around like it should have especially at the waist.  I then ordered a small and it was perfect.  Clingy but not at all tight. Could easily have stretched in arms, chest, waist, butt and still been comfortable.  Both sizes just barely touched the floor without shoes.


Arrived on time and fit beautifully. You can't go wrong with a long navy lace dress. My husband liked it and best of all the price was great. I hate spending so much money on gowns you will probably wear once or twice. Fit true to size in my opinion.


I am 5'5" and about 150 lbs (bubble butt with a 36C chest) and generally I wear a Large in most things but after reading the reviews I thought I would take a chance and get a Medium and I was not disappointed! The dress fits perfectly and is the perfect length with 4" heels. The lace is of good quality and flexible and the undergarment is thin and lightweight, but not cheap feeling. The lines of the dress really do provide a slimming ability and like everyone else has said, its the perfect dress in terms of size, color, fabric and fit. Go a size smaller and you will be good to go :D


The dress is beautiful, somewhat small but it stretches so I decided to keep it and hopefully it will be a motivation for me to loose a few pounds lol. So I would say get a size up if you are tall or heavy on the hips like me , definitely get 2 sizes up. I'm 5,9", 220 lbs pear shaped and I bought the largest size the had, a 3xl. I should've gotten a 4xl if they had it. With quality and price of this dress I'll buy again


That's the question everyone will ask when you wear this dress. This dress is fabulous!!!  I recommend visiting Miusol's website to find even more beautiful dresses and for cheaper prices. I ordered from Amazon because of the quick shipping. Their website only offers standard shipping. This dress is figure flattering for all body types. It's long, but if you wear a pair of heels, then you should be fine. I recommend not wearing a necklace, just a beautiful pair of dangling earrings. You will need to invest in Static Guard. It's quite clingy as stated by a previous review. Can't wait to show off my new dress for the NYE party tonight. Happy 2015!


Very much a mother of the bride dress. Nice quality, except there’s a seam horizontally across the butt! It’s in a very weird and awkward spot and made my butt look very wide.


Longer than I had wanted but overall nice dress.  I wanted a dress with sleeves for a cool weather cruise.  I can still wear it, but I need taller heels which I was hoping to avoid.  I am 5' 7" and weigh 129lbs.  I can usually wear a size 8.


