This is the 'sisterhood of the traveling pants dress'!! Absolutely beautiful and figure flattering. It is modest as well; I was unsure about the bust area, however not an issue. I purchased a size bigger and it is just the length and fit for a formal event!


I loved this product. I usually wear large but I bought a medium because I wanted it to be tight on me. It was for my Halloween costume. It fit perfectly and was suprisingly well made.


I loved my dress and so did everyone else. I wore it to my teacher of the year banquet and it was a masquerade theme so it. went perfectly.


I wore this to a wedding and rec'd multiple compliments on it.  the only thing I don't like is that it gets little white color like balls on it where the spandex type stretchy stuff breaks when the dress is taken on and off several times which I did to try on various undergarments to make sure they looked right before wearing the dress to the wedding.  all in all I would purchase it again and will be wearing it to our work Christmas party.


This is a LOVELY DRESS.  It is well made. Looks much more expensive than the price. I bought an XL for the length and I love a very loose fit. I will have to take the chest and waist in but the length and hips part fit very well. I usually wear a 10 or L in US sizes.


beautiful dress for the money I mean it is crazy how pretty it is!!! Can't wait to wear it on my cruise!


gorgeous and super comfy. form fitting.


Very comfortable dresses. I am 5'5 and 170 lbs Xlg fit perfectly.


Love this gown and it's a great fit for my curbs love the material, expands with your body. Can't wait to wear it . It also arrived on time exactly when it was promised. I recommend it!


Better than expected. I ordered a size Large. I’m 5’4, 170 lbs with 34DDD. It fit great ! Medium would have been too tight.  The length perfectly hit the floor with a short heel. If you’re tall, this may not hit the floor.


Comfortable fabric too. I received tons of compliments.


