I wore this dress to prom (I was a chaperone). It looked gorgeous, the lining is poor quality but you couldn't tell it from the outside. It was so cheap but looked so expensive. I probably won't wear it again, but you can't beat it for the price.


I love this brand...second dress I have bought this week and loved them both. This dress is comfortable!!! I was surprised the underneath is like a tshirt matererial. I just slipped this over my head and my husband was like "wow"....very flattering. I wish I knew how to upload a pic!!! I am 5'7 wear a size 7...145 lbs medium was a perfect fit


This dress is beautiful on and the quality is excellent. I have ordered several dresses from Miusol and I have NEVER been disappointed.


Wow, I had read all of the positive reviews but I was still surprised at how flattering this dress was and great quality for the price! I bought a similar dress for my sons wedding and paid 500.00 for it-needless to say, that one is going back and I'll be wearing this one!


Beautiful and classy dress. Fits perfectly, I really loved it... an inexpensive look that looks like expensive. Believe me! I am really picky... Fast shipping.. I would buy again. A+++++


Pros: good fit, stretches, true to size, reasonable price.


Cons: the lace is very thin and cheap, not suitable for a dress; most night gowns are made of a better lace. It catches static electricity like crazy, as the result the nice mermaid bottom is constantly clumped up and stuck together.


Verdict: returning it, glad that it is on prime.


I love this dress it fits perfectly and is super comfortable ❤️


I had to get a dress for a wedding anniversary ballroom dancing event for just one night.  Ball gowns are not only out-of-this-world expensive, but a little too revealing for this 40+ year old!  I searched for something comfortable, modest, inexpensive, and easy to dance in and took a chance on this lacy number.  It was perfect!  My hubby rented a "Fred Estaire"-type tux and I looked like Ginger Rogers.  Such a fun night thanks to this dress :)


The dress is beautiful but runs 2 sizes too small! I had to return it.


Love the color of the dress. However, the fit of the dress was a bit matronly and just "tired." Returned


