Really liked this dress and got a lot of compliments at my company holiday party!  I'm 5'81/2, 145 pounds and normally wear a 10-12 - the Large fit nicely.  It is cut for slightly shorter people it seems as the ribbon at the waist on the model photo became more of an empire waist on me.  And as other reviewers have posted, it's not very long so it hit more at ankle length than floor length but that was ok.  Once I sprayed it with Static Guard (which it definitely needs) the under lining hung a bit lower than the lace but again, not too much of a problem. All in all, for this price it's a great buy!


Perfect fit! I'm 5' and wear size 6/8. So I ordered size M. Looks really pretty and the quality is great! Very happy with this dress


Wow I love love this dress. I am 5'4 height 190 lb.  Chest size 38DDD and it it fits like a glove. So comfortable and hides all the imperfections. Recommend for any occasion, got a Xl.  Still is stretchy and comfortable!!!!! Worthy of the red carpet!!!!!


I don't normally take the time to write a review but this one was so unexpectedly great I had to.  I was looking for a formal dress to wear for NYE on 12/28...well because I am a procrastinator...and came across this.  I am 5'2" with I consider an hourglass shape (with a little help from an a enhancement up top so I worry that I will spill out sometimes) so I ordered a small after mush debate with myself! I don't normally like to show off my shape with anything clingy because I consider myself to be a bit on the hippy side but everyone that posted pictures looked amazing in it so figured I would give it a try since it had a great return option and you couldn't beat the price.  It came in the 2 days as promised and I just tried it on and absolutely love, love, love it!  I will be wearing spanx with it because well...I wear them with everything but it is truly one of the most flattering dresses I have bought and I have a ton hanging in my closet.  When I took it out of the packaging and realize the lining was a skin toned tee shirt material I was like this is going to be terrible and look cheap but I am happy to say that I terribly wrong.  It is soft and comfortable and makes the lace lay beautifully. The next great thing was that then I put it on and the length is perfect for me as I like to wear the 3"-4" heels because I am so short.  I am a 32/34 C/D up top and I am definitely not coming out as I thought I might.  As I stood there in the mirror looking at it on me I thought "I look great"...and let me tell you I never think that.  I know that I have rambled on in writing this review but I just wanted to give it the praise that it deserved!


I bought this dress for my cousins wedding, and I am amazed at how well this dress fit me! I'm 5' 4" and I wear a size 10 in dresses, got a large according to the size chart, and it fit perfectly, just make sure your heels are high enough, you don't want to drag the dress. It's has a lot of stretch to it, and the material works well together (the lace and the under dress). One recommendation, do not wear bracelets or watches, they will snag your dress!! I had to remove all my jewelry because of that! Otherwise, this dress is perfect for weddings, proms, etc... Thank you Miusol!!


Slightly small, I wear a med. but got a large and it fits great. I'm at 36/29/38. I got it in red and was told I was best dressed at the wedding . Worth every penny. Keep in mind I am 5'2 and the dress was perfect length for me with a two inch heel. So won't work for yall tall ladies. Also the red is red, not burgundy. But it's a stunning red ! Looks very expensive !


Great dress I'm so glad I took a chance and bought it!


I was unsure about a $45 dress, but was pleasantly surprised. It looks better than I expected, sexy, yet elegant. For reference, I'm 5'2" 150#, 36DD, usually wear a size 8-10 dress & M/L top. I ordered a large and fit like a glove. I have 3 1/2" heels on and the length just barely touches the floor which should be fine, glad I don't have to hem it. I can't wait to wear it to a formal charity event next week.


I got this in blue and had my first compliment within one minute of leaving the house, from a total stranger. They kept on coming all night, so only wear this if you don't mind being noticed! I will say this runs small - I am six feet tall, an 18/20, and the 3X is snug. Foundation garments mandatory if you want a smooth, tight look. The sleeves are also snug but not cutting off circulation or anything. Overall, this is an incredible steal and a dress you can wear for so many occasions. Dress it down with simple hair, minimal makeup and only one piece of jewelry. Nothing needed to dress it up!


Love this dress. My wife is 5' 6" and it hits the floor like it should and looks wonderful on her!


