I love this dress! It is gorgeous! I ordered XL and I usually wear a size 12 in dresses. It is stretchy and it fits really nice! I would have to trim it though since I'm only 5'2".


(About me: H: 5'4, W:140 and Medium) Super comfortable, elegant, sexy, with great fabric. I normally am scared to buy dresses online and tried stores everywhere in town and couldn't find any to my taste. I knew what I wanted as for the type of dress. I found this dress and read the reviews, and thank God for it! I am happy with my dress defiantly can't wait to use for the big event next week!


Going to be TMI honest, BUY THIS DRESS. I'm 5'4, 155lbs, size 8/10 and curvy in all directions including 34DDD, my tummy and the dreaded "back boob" roll. I would recommend this dress to all of my curvy kin out there. I ordered the LARGE and it is snug, but nothing some SPANX won't whip into shape. The cut is great and it is forgiving, the lace fabric is a great pattern. It is very charged with static just out of the bag but a hand wash and some static spray took care of that. The fabric is cheap, but the construction and cut make it look and feel like something you would buy from Anthropologie.


Okay. First of all, I'm 5'1'', weigh about 130 lbs, and am fairly busty (32DDD). I must say that I am extremely pleased with this dress. It runs pretty true to size, but is a little long. With a great pair of heels, however, I don't see any need to have it hemmed. It had just the right amount of stretch to it to accommodate the bust without too much cleavage. The material of the underskirt is a tad heavy, but it's wonderfully swishy (for that princess feel). The side silhouette is awesome, and the color is a beautiful navy blue. Love it.


I wanted to love this dress so bad but I couldn't. I ordered both sized the large and extra large and the large fit a bit snug and odd in some place and extra large fits loose in some places. I have a wedding to attend in a day otherwise I would've returned it. Also be sure to buy static guard or something because this dress material is full of it!


This is the first dress I have ever purchased offline. I was extremely worried but after reading the reviews have it a shot.  WOW! Is all I can say. This dress made me feel so beautiful. It's very flattering and I got so many compliments.  This is my first review ever writing but I felt I need to let everyone know the reviews were 100% correct


I felt amazing in this dress. I usually wear a size 20 and I got a 3X, I was so nervous to buy a gown offline and I was in a jam with the wedding nearing fast. I received so many compliments on this gown and it was very comfortable to dance and sit in! Get it, you will love the way you look!


Fantastic dress, perfect fit. My wife saw a picture of Helen Mirren wearing a Dolce and Cabana $$$$ and she wanted something like that, in my search came to this site, and surprise, that was what she wanted and havr in mind.


Thanks


Took this dress on a cruise. It was perfect. Best thing is it doesn't wrinkle! I felt like a million dollars and got many compliments.


The dress is nice. Navy blue is very nice. The fabric is very spandex so if you are expecting that this dress hide any body defects, forget it. You must have a beautiful body if you want to wear this dress, if not, again Forget it.


