This is a nice fittinf lovely dress. Classy and confortable with nice lines. I had ordered a few dresses and ultimately chose two other over this one. The light lining is nice burpt would have preferred a darker lining. Fit nice and flattering. I would say close to true to size, at least for me. Pretty well made.


The dress fit as expected and looks as pictured.  The fabric stretches and it feels very soft.  The dress is very comfortable and pretty.


Pros:  Deep, rich coloring.


Cons:  Long for a 5'1" lady but put on some heals and I was in business as it were.  I'm wearing it as mother of groom dress.


Great dress and a great price. Keep in mind, this material is not structured, it's stretchy, so be prepared to invest in some serious shapewear. If you're borderline on the size, order up.


This is such a beautiful dress. However it was a bit goth/vampire-ish. I loved the way it fit, especially on an hourglass body


Beautiful especially for the price. I wear size 14 and the xl was just right.


The dress is gorgeous and very beautiful, i got size large the chest was little tight for me because I have a large bust duble D, but the rest did fit as expected,


, so I had to get one size larger the bust is perfect, some what the bottom is little bit large for my size, I did send the size large one to my sister in europe, she is thrilled about it loves it very much,perfectly fit for her, so over all the problem is not the dress , it is my body shape, I do recommend this dress.


Sent back. It was okay. Didn't knock me over and I didn't love it.


I love this dress! I got so many compliments on it when I wore it to a black tie event. People were stunned that I had not spent far more on it. With Spanx under it, it fit me like a glove and hugged all my curves just right. I'm a little on the tall side (5'8") and it was just long enough with lower heels on. Overall, just a wonderful dress.


I am 5’7” small frame 125 lbs and wear a 2-4, the small fits perfectly. It is beautifully made and looks just what you would hope & expect. The lace is soft and looks elegant. I am going to wear this for a special event (marriage blessing). I think it will be perfect.


