This dress arrived yesterday.  I have been totally stressing out about a dress for my wedding.  I wanted something simple yet elegant.  I have ordered several others, but they just don't fit right or they are scratchy or I don't feel beautiful in them.  I slipped this one on and I knew right away I loved it!  It's soft and flowy and shows off my curves without making me feel round!  I can't wait to walk down the aisle!


Excellent dress, buy it for my cousin and stick to measure the fabric as it is shown in the photos, the perfect fit and finish first.


Everything is super good and is very protected. I give 10 points 10


This is a very nice dress with only a couple of problems. Problem one - it's a little long for me. I can fix it with some tall shoes, but it might be tough for ladies who are shorter, at least with the large. I generally wear a large, being that I'm 5'5" and 160lbs, and this large seems to have a comfortable amount of room, even in the arms, which is generally a problem for me. Problem two - there's a band at the back meant to frame your derriere, but the lining keeps it from being secure, so there will likely be some tugging to keep it in place.


But for the price, this dress is amazing.


The dress looks good except that it is too short. I'm 5'9" and the dress is NOT long enough to wear with flats, let alone heels. The lining is made of a cotton Tshirt material which does not allow the lace to slide into place so for the few minutes I wore it, I had to keep adjusting it. Going from sitting to standing was less than graceful because of the tugging into place.


It is a lovely gown and had it been long enough, I would have worn it anyway.


Fit pretty much as expected. I usually wear a size 2 so I ordered the small. Body wise the fit couldn't be better. But, I was surprised with the length. Other reviewers had said it was quite long. I am 5'7" and it barely hits the floor when I'm barefooted. It is a bit shorter than I like in heels. But, I still think it is lovely! I will have to just wear some lower heels.


Was invited to a "formal" wedding and bought this in a last-minute panic. True American sizes, didn't think sleeves were too tight at all, the liner is cheapish but the overlay that you actually see is very nice. Felt great, although it is on the stretchy side/not structured so spanx made me feel more smoothed out; received lots of complements. (Many people's formal dress at the 20-something wedding in NYC was "cocktail", for those who are also unaware of the current definitions but I would wear it again.)


Much like others who have commented, I was skeptical of this dress because of the price. However, it turned out to be great. It fit just right and looked really good on. I had a baby six months ago and I'm not crazy about my post baby figure. This hugged my curves nicely but was also slimming. Definitely recommend this.


There was nothing wrong with this dress, i give it all 5 stars because i can't hold it against the dress or company that i just didn't like how i looked in it. I am 5 foot 3 and about 125lbs, i ordered a small and it fit very well.


I was really hoping i was gonna "Say Yes To The Dress" when this one showed up but sadly the size 18 was too small. I normally wear a 16-18. I was also disappointed that this dress was rolled up in a ball when I opened the bag. Other then that I always love everything Miusol has to offer.


I got so many compliments on this dress. I've worn this dress at my smallest and with weight gain and either way, I still look great in it!


