This is such a beautiful dress, but snug for the size and much taller than I am! To wear it, I need to have it tailored.


Dress fit beautifully and looked like I paid more than $30 for it; HOWEVER, the black dye from the dress got everywhere. My fingers and fingernails turned black and everything I touched left a tiny black residue. So embarrassing to happen at an important work function.


This dress is made very well and is very figure flattering. I normally do not buy dresses that are pullover or are not constructed with a zipper. I took a chance and I am glad i did. I recommend this product and now i am looking for more dresses by Miusol.


Its form fitting but inspite of that its pretty forgiving in all the right places. It would look very decent on a lady of any age. I am pretty certain. I am 5ft 3 inch 165 lbs and I ordered a Large in Red. I don't think I should have purchased a Medium. This fit is what I was looking for. The slip inside is a Tan / Beige color not white.


I purchased this dress for a wedding and it was perfect! I am 5'6 and about 215 and I ordered an XL. The dress has some stretch to it, which was especially nice in the arms. It's very classic looking and I received a lot of compliments.


quality material and construction, very stretchy and forgiving on the figure, packs wrinkle-free! at 5'4" i can wear with 3" heel and it hangs just enough off the ground to 1) not trip, and 2) not tear up the hem. WELL WORTH THE MONEY and fast shipping!


I sent back but ordered another one.  if you are large chested I would go a size up.


its a very nice dress for the money its great, doesn't look cheap


I am shocked at how amazing this dress is!! It fits like a glove and looks way more expensive than it really is. It doesn't look like a $500 dress but it does the job for an evening out. I can probably get two more wears out of it before it starts looking worn - but at this price, its worth it!


The fabric is soft and very comfortable. The dress is a little bit long for me @ 5"2 so I have to take it for tailoring.


i am, apparently, one of the few people this does NOT look good on


I am short waisted and too square and the lines of the dress didn't fall with my natural contours. I had high hopes but, alas, this was a negative


