Fits as expected. Great value for the price. Snags easily. Wish the under color was something besides the beige color to make it more elegant. I am 5'9" and the length works well for me but I am returning the dress as it looks vintage and old on me.


The traveling pants phenomenon in a dress . I am in love with this dress. So many compliments and I had a magical night. I recommend this beautiful dress.


I love the fact that this stretches and fits all my curves in all the right places.  I received many compliments on it at the wedding I wore it to. It was most definitely comfortable in the 7 hours I had to have it on.  The drawback for me was it was a bit short and my heels made it even shorter.  I'm 5' 8" and without shoes it just reaches the top of my foot. However with the right dainty stiletto sandals it still worked.  I will warn you that Static Guard spray will be a must with this dress because the underlay is super clingy to the lace overlay.  Great dress and quality for the money.


I am a size 14/16 and ordered an XL--it fits PERFECT! There is no zipper in this dress--just slides over your head. The lining of the dress is a cotton-like stretch material with beautiful black stretch lace on top. This dress is perfect for my award banquet coming up. The other great thing is that it can be packed up very tightly and doesn't wrinkle--perfect for travel. I am so impressed with this dress and I received it sooner than expected (less than a week from ordering it!).


I cannot overstate how thrilled I was with this purchase!!  I utilized the reviews in making my decision (and some serious prayer).  I hadn't been able to find something affordable that fit me well.  The dress ran true to the measurements in the size chart.  I ordered the 3x.  I do wear an 18 womens in pants and an 1x or 2x in shirts, though, and I wore a 44ddd bra under this dress to give you an idea of the chest size it will accommodate. What do it love?  It travels very, very well!!  Does not wrinkle easily at all.  It is super comfortable, to the point you nearly forget you are dressed up!  I loved the underdress/lining.  It was the perfect length.  And for any one who has larger arms, the lace of the arms is stretchy, and worked perfectly.  You know how we all have the one spot extra weight goes....my arms..ugh!  anyway....this is a superb value!!  Don't miss out.  Heck, go ahead and buy one to have on hand! I included a few photos to show the fit. Hope this is helpful.  Thank you Miusol for a great dress!


Absolutely Beautiful dress!  The color is amazing. I'm going to purchase the black one too.


Absolutely beautiful! Very comfortable and yes need static guard but no big deal. I cannot wait to wear this dress to my brother's wedding in 2 months.


This dress was a hit. Fit perfect, came packed well, and only needed to iron interlining. Ordered a larger-size 12


I am curvaceous- heavy on the bottom and this dress looked like it was made for my body! A wow dress!


I LOVE this dress. I wore it to my cousin's wedding and received compliments all night long - from family, friends and total strangers! In fact, a friend saw a photo and bought the same dress!


Full disclosure, I'm 5'0" so it's a little long for me, and because I am bigger on the bottom, instead of hemming it from the bottom, my seamstress pulled it up in the middle which, for me, was TOTALLY worth it because the seams hit me WAY better.


It's hard for me to find dresses that aren't just A-Line to fit me properly, and though this needed some work at the seamstress, because it's so affordable it was 100% worth it. It's a comfortable, pretty, unique dress in a style I rarely can wear. I did order the large even though I would normally order a medium. I didn't want to risk it not fitting and it's easier to take it in than let it out.


As some of the reviews said, it can be clingy, but I used static cling spray and had no problems.


Love it! Just bought it in black as well!


