I just received this dress today in the mail.  Much to my surprise, the dress perfectly skims the floor.


(I am 5'6", and often times dresses are too long for me.)


I'm forced to wear flats or kitten heels with this dress, but I'm not complaining because the price is pretty unbeatable.


Like other customers had mentioned, this dress is static-city.  Make sure you have some Static Guard in hand.!


As a side note, the V-neck plunge is not quite as dramatic on me as it is on this model.  I don't notice cleavage at all.


I'm slightly disappointed, as I wanted a really sexy dress. ;-)


I can imagine a really curvy, hourglass-shaped lady would really appreciate this dress though.


Omg, this dress fits perfectly. I don't  have an hour glass shape but quite honestly, this garment fits very well. If I walked into a boutique and purchased it I would have pay at least $250.  The fabric is very forgiving. It has a lot of spandex yet it looks like it is custom made. I would purchase again. I am completely satisfied.


Ordered the navy to attend a fall wedding and it was perfect.  I got so many compliments on the dress.  There is no zipper so you have to slip the entire thing over your head.  Lace & lining are very stretchy and comfortable.  I order up a size and I'm glad I did.  I am 5'5" and it was the perfect length for average heels. great purchase


Absolutely beautiful and very good quality! It is slightly stretchy so that makes it very comfortable and looks like it was tailor made


Order at least two sizes larger ... it's small.  I ordered up and it fits - but barely.


Very tight fit.


Made me look frumpy! Didn't flatter anything. I am 5'5 145 pounds 35 years old. I returned it.


This dress fits like a glove, hugging my curvy figure,  without being too tight.  I can't wait to wear it.  I was dreading having to spend my day shopping.  Thankfully,  I was able to take advantage of Amazon's same day shipping to my zip code.  The dress arrived within 3 hours of my purchase!!!  I can't tell you how happy I was to have more time in my day to spend with my family.  I am beyond impressed with this dress!!!!


Absolutely fabulous dress!  Great fit, great value.  Hid my flaws and emphasized my assets.  It would also be a wonderful dress for travel.  The underdress of soft jersey and the top layer of spandex-y lace  doesn't wrinkle and moves beautifully.  The neckline is beyond wonderful- very sexy but conservative enough for a wedding.  But best of all is the price.  I LOVE this dress!


I'm 5'4" and this item just touched the floor.  The dress looks expensive, and yet it was light and stretchy.  I weigh 160+- and it fit GREAT.


Comfortable


