Everyone at the wedding loved my dress.  I am very happy with my purchase.


I was nervous about buying a dress on Amazon.com but when I tried it on I was beyond pleased. Not only is in very comfortable but it's also very flattering! I got so many compliments on my dress and so far everyone has been very shocked that it was an online purchase. The price is amazing. I might even buy this same exact dress but in a different color. I wore a waist cincher beneath this dress and you couldn't tell at all  (thank goodness). I would definitely recommend this dress to someone else. Actually - I already have.


This dress is beautiful! It looks much better on than I expected. I am glad I read the reviews and decided to buy it. It helped seeing real women wear this dress, so I am sharing my photo.  It was definitely worth the money.


It isn't often that a girl can find a dress with an "uptown" look for "downtown" price.  This dress offers a "conservative sexy" look.  It hugs the curves for a complimentary silhouette but doesn't allow anything to hang out.  And, it's easy to forget that you're wearing something with such a dramatic look because it is comfortable to wear as well as absolutely no hassle to put on.


Looked awful and way to short!! (I'm 5'10 and it came to my mid calf) The hip lines made it look like an old lady dress.


It came a little late but that's why I ordered it early.  Based off the measurements it said I needed an 3x.  I'm 5'8" weigh 210.  Bust 42, waist 39, hips, 45.  I think I could have gotten away with a 2x or xl.  However, due to the clinginess of the material, you can never tell it's a 3x.  Plus it adds to the length.  I was a bit skeptical because I've never ordered clothes online before.  I will definitely order again.


I love this dress!!! It actually looks nicer in person. I wore it to a special event and I must say everyone kept complementing me. Forst time I buy a dress from tgis vendor and I must I was very impressed. I absolutely love the way I look and feel in this dress as well as the quality of it. I bought a size bigger because I was unsure of how small the dress ran. It actually fit like a glove so I'm happy about my decision  of going a size up. I am 5"6 and in dress size I am 16 or 18


I love this dress. So comfortable and beautiful. I received so many compliments while wearing this dress. It does seem a little long, but I am 5'5". I am usually a size 6 and weight around 145. I purchased a medium. I Love it so much! It is almost perfect, pockets. Every dress needs pockets.


I love this dress and wore it to a formal ball. It has some stretch and fits well. :) For sizing, look at the size chart measurements. I usually wear a medium but ordered a large due to my hips and bust measurements. It fits beautifully! :) I am 5'2" so the dress was long and needed to be hemmed a little (I wore 3" heels).


I'm 5'7'' and 135ish, with a 35-inch bust, and the medium is a very good fit. The length is perfect with 2-inch heels, though without shoes the hem drags on the ground a little. The under $50 price tag made me wonder if it would be a flimsy, 'one and done' sort of dress, but it is actually very well constructed and easily withstood a nine hour day (including a lot of dancing!) without ripping or pulling out of shape. I've hand washed and flat-dried it without a problem, too.


