No


Is was labeled misses, but should have been: junior. No return label or shipping slip. Frustrating


Exactly on my body and comfortable


It was very tight on top very loose on the bottom


I have completed a few reviews - I do like the dress


This dress is amazing and quite well-made, especially for the amazing price!  It fits my petite hourglass figure nicely without being too tight, so it is very classy.  I am wearing it with 4-inch heels and the length is about 1 to 1.5 inches off the floor - perfect for dancing!  The skirt length on the size small is just shy of 41" from the bottom of the ribbon waistband (which is a heavy, stretchy satin ribbon with a subtle sheen).  The sleeve length is as shown in the photo.  (Note: I am 5'2", and just over 105lbs with a 34B chest; I ordered the small.)


There's no photo that shows the back, but it goes up to the nape of the neck, so it is very easy to wear with almost any bra. It also skims a round derriere very nicely and is not at all tight, so it remains classy from the back as well.


Another plus is that it folds down to practically nothing and shows no wrinkles, so it is perfect for travel.  It is also extremely comfortable, so you can look classy without feeling restricted.


The only thing that would make this dress even more perfect is to use the neckline lace on the cuffs as well.  That would really tie it together, plus make for a nicer, more interesting finish on the arms.  However, I certainly would not deduct points for this.


I would really love to purchase this dress in other colors, perhaps a deep ocean blue or teal, maybe even a forest green or deep silvery gray.  It would probably also be nice in a burgundy, deep plum, or dark rose color.


Overall, I would highly recommend this dress!


AMAZING! This dress fits perfectly and is exactly as how the picture shows! It's very soft and beautiful. I am 5'9 130 and it's perfect.


Dress was too small. Not what I expected. Did not like the material under the lace.


Not suitable  for  my daughter's  wedding. Maybe for Halloween. Returning  it.


I didn't feel comfort to wear it


