I am 5'9" tall and usually wear a size 6/8, so I am between a true small and medium.  I was unsure how to gauge the size on this dress, especially in length.  Many reviewers stated to order two sizes up, and I looked at the sizing guide from the company, and ended up  ordering an XL, which is two sizes up from a medium.  I was mostly concerned with the length, though. And based on reviews, I fully expected it to be too short, especially to wear with heels.


The dress arrived in the two days as promised and it was perfect, lengthwise, even for my 5'11 daughter, who tried it on, too, but it was too big ( and she is about a size 12 and very large busted).  Definitely too big for me to be able to wear that night.  The fabric has a nice stretch to it and is incredibly comfortable, I ordered the blue, which also has a blue lining, and it really is beautiful...much more expensive looking.  I had a black tie event that night and it was perfect for it...except the size. There is a zipper on the upper part of the left side, but I didn't realize that and just slipped it over my head with no problem, as did my daughter.


I have a neighbor that is an amazing seamstress, and I ran the dress over to her.  She took it up almost 4 inches total and it was perfect!  She had to remove the zipper, which was fine.  I can still just put it over my head due to the stretch of the fabric.  Size-wise, I probably needed the medium, but now I also had the length I need!  The static cling issue is real, and it really did take almost a full can of anti-cling stuff to get rid of it, but it did, and I wore it that night.  I paid my neighbor almost twice her asking price for the alteration, I was so appreciative, and it was worth every penny.


This dress will travel well for cruises, and is appropriate for any formal function!  I was comfortable all evening, too.  Great buy!


I tried on almost the exact dress at a bridal salon and it was $400. Not wanting to pay that price, I went searching on Amazon. Found this BEAUTY which is almost EXACT! Read through the reviews and decided to take a gamble. I was scared what size to order because of the reviews but I went with my normal size. Im 5'6 195 and ordered XL and it FITS PERFECT! Doesnt even need to be hemmed! Yes, it is SUPER staticy  but nothing static guard cant take care of!!! For the price this dress is AMAZING! I ordered the Blue since that is the brides color and im so glad because it has a blue underlay under it so you cant see it like the black and red. Order it! You wont be disappointed.


I don't ever write reviews but i felt compelled to write this one. I absolutely LOVED the dress. I am a size 10/12 right now so I ordered the large.


Based on the reviews I read it felt like a safe bet. I only had 1 day before i was leaving out of town for a wedding. Thank god it came on time.


I was beautiful. It fit great!!! I got so many compliments. The dress fits really nice and does not make you feel fat. It is very elegant for the


price. It was extremely comfortable too. I LOVE LOVE LOVE this dress. I will wear it again for sure.


Got the dress for a black tie event... I found it to be very cheaply made, basically jersey t-shirt material horribly sewn into the lace as a liner!  I would not reccomend if you are purchasing for a black tie!  It will be very obvious it was extremely cheap!


I loved this dress!!! I got so many compliments on it. I am 5'6' and 150lbs I ordered a large and it fit perfectly!


I love this dress cause there is no zipper in the dress and fabric is stretchable. Nice and comfortable....and pretty too. However the front part of the dress is kinda defective. The lace fabric has coulple loose and pulls threads. I bought this and received it 2 days before my friend's wedding, Don't think the replacement will make it here on time. But I will definitely get this again for my next party event.


Wore this dress for my 5 year anniversary and it was a hit! The fabric is very nice and it doesn’t feel cheap what so ever. I am 5,6 and the dress was a little long but with some heels, it fit perfect. It also is stretchy which is good for us bigger girls. I was concerned that it would fit around my arms but that part is also very stretchy. Overall, I loved this dress.


I was looking for a dress for my brother's Catholic wedding and I just had a baby 2 months ago. I wanted a dress that was conservative enough for the wedding venue, but sexy enough to show off my post-baby body with confidence, and something I could nurse in. (I was looking for particularly stretchy/v-neck styles.) I just received this dress today and it is exactly what I was looking for. The inner layer is a cotton blend, but doesn't feel cheap. I typically wear a size 6 dress, but because of nursing give, I thought I would get a medium to be on the safe side. The dress does feel a tad too big, so I'm ordering a small to try out (I could just be in between sizes). I will return what doesn't fit, but I'm impressed with the give in this dress enough that I think the small will work for what I'm looking for. Overall, I'm very satisfied with this purchase, and I will consider other dresses from Miusol in the future.


I liked the dress and it look good on except it was a little too small in the bust.  I am 5' 6" tall and weigh about 130 lbs. and have a bust measurement of 36.5" (34DD).  I usually wear a small or 6, but ordered a medium according to the size chart and it was tight enough to smash me flat.  The V-neck is not as deep as shown in the picture.  It is very soft stretch lace that has more of a nightgown feel.  If you are looking for a super comfy evening dress, this is it.  It is a little difficult to get on as it is a pull on type style -- no zipper.  The navy is lined with navy.  I ended up returning due to the size issue.


This dress was lovely, and a great value for the price.  If you are trying to decide which size to order, I would advise that the dress runs just a little bit small.  I am just over 5'5" and just under 200 lbs, and the XXL fit perfectly.  I wear about a size 16 or an XL in most brands (but of course sizes vary so much among different brands).


The dress fit like a glove without being too tight, and the neckline was just right as well: a flattering V-neck that was low enough for a nice necklace but not as plunging or revealing as it appears in the picture.  The length was perfect for my height--I wore shoes that had just a little hint of a heel, and the dress hit my feet but did not drag on the floor.  This dress would be flattering on many body types; I am plus-sized but found it flattering and reasonably slimming.  I received several compliments on this dress!


