Looks good on. The dress has some stretch which is helpful for individual types. there is a small trim piece on the outside of the dress over the seams at the hips area that does not show up well in the pictures, and this does not stretch as well as the rest of the dress so there is some pulling here. I am usually a Large-Xl body type, and the XL is snug. the stretch helps, but if there was no stretch, this would not fit. It is long. I'm 5'7'' and wearing heals it still probably touches the floor all the way around.


LOVE LOVE LOVE this dress!  It was such a surprise that it fit so well!  I love the stretch lace and the soft tshirt-like lining underneathe.  I wore it to a wedding last weekend and received compliments and inquiries as to where I purchased the dress.  They were blown away at my report and especially at the pricetag!  You will be receiving more orders soon, get ready!  It does need to be sprayed with Static Guard, but other than that, it is an amazing dress -- so classy, so comfortable, and an amazing price!


I am 5'10" and I ordered an x-large, I wear a size 12-14.  It was perfect fit!


Beautiful dress. I am normally a size 10, I ordered the large and it fits perfectly! I am 5'4" and the dress is the perfect length. More than you could expect for a $50 dress!!


The dress generally fits well. It was a little long which I was okay with because I was fine with getting it hemmed, but I cannot get over the bizarre seam that falls over my stomach and hips. It draws attention to the less flattering parts of my body that would otherwise go unnoticed. In the first photo in the description of the dress, it is not even present. It’s terrible and unflattering and honestly, unnecessary. I had to return the dress because of that seam.


A Fantastic dress!  After reading the reviews I was concerned of what size would be the best fit for me.  I ordered a small and a medium and decided to return whichever didn't "fit".  I am 5'3" and 140lbs. --the small was a perfect fit.  It wasn't tight due to the material having some stretch.  With heels the length was perfect hitting about an inch above the floor (probably not great length if you're "tall") I agree with other reviews that it has some static cling-- I didn't have any static cling spray so I did my moms old trick of a few sprays of hairspray and Voila! static no more.  I had so many compliments on this dress.  I found it to be very elegant and classy.


For the price you can't beat this dress.  The problem was the ribbon surrounding the dress around you bottom area.  You can see this well on the picture of the black dress. I didn't notice it on the navy dress until I received it.  I'm curvy and it was not flattering, you could see a distinct indent where the ribbon is.  Other than that, the dress was nice and the lace was pretty.


I bought this dress in red and black.  I returned both dresses because I kept the sleeveless dress by same company.  I have to say the material and make of dress is very very nice for the price. I got the Med and Large, the med was just a little snug but both fit good just the large probably needed to be hemmed. Never know maybe I will get this dress in the future!!


Not for people above 5'10"


I had to buy about 5 inches of lace and increase the bottom of this dress in order to be able to use it. Otherwise it is fine. Nothing too fancy, but not super cheap looking either.


Accessorize well, pay attention to your shoes and you will be a star!


It's a lovely dress, but the seam around the bottom/butt is very strange and makes the dress ride-up a little bit. It just didnt sit right.


If I got a larger size, then it wouldn't fit my bust, I'm 5'2" , I wear a size 4-6 in pants and I'm a 32-b / wear a small size shirt.


The bust looked fantastic, but I guess I'm too bottom heavy for the dress to fit correctly around my hips/butt


This dress is beautiful and stylish. Miusol has the best online Amazon long dresses for the budget minded. This dress is knit so it'll hug your curves in all the right places. The lining is dark unlike the red lace dress which has a cream lining so this blue dress has a different look-I's say it's more heavy looking and formal but the red one is also stylish and sophisticated.


