I thought the dress was ok, but my husband hated it for some reason he could not articulate. I have a long waist and the belt/bow sat a bit too high for comfort. Well made and the fabric was nice.


Ordered this under my husbands account....


Love love love it. Looks so good and  for me being short and curvy it fits perfect. Classy and sexy all in one


My mother used this dress for a wedding she had to attend. I have never seen my mother feel so good in an outfit. She did had to wear shapewear as the dress fit to her body. She is 5'2 and about 200 lbs, she bought a size 16. Like I said, biggest smile on her face and it was a party she did not want to go to she wore it for.


Its a dreamy gown. Perfect for my daughters wedding. I love it!


This dress is GORGEOUS!!  I ordered one size up, and it fit nicely - probably could have ordered my regular size, as I intended to wear shape wear with it anyway.  It is absolutely, hands-down, a great buy.  It is incredibly comfortable, and very well-made for the price.  You will want to steam it out of the package, and use static spray on the inside layer as well.  I wore this to a black-tie annual dinner, and it was a hit!


I'm so in love with this dress and can't help but think it fits all body shapes ! I'm 5'5", 139 lbs and ordered a medium and it fit perfectly ! I want to order the red next time . The material has some stretch and it is low maintenance . I just love love love this dress and can't wait to wear it to the wedding !


Originally ordered a large and that one was a little snug. I ordered the xl but that one was really big. I ended up keeping the large and wearing spanks. It is a really beautiful dress though. Wearing the large to a black tie wedding.


This is a very classy dark red dress. I was able to find matching comfortable pumps...NADINE by Calvin Klein. Talk about Funky Vintage!  I loved making a statement at a formal wedding. Most people wear in black. I wanted to wear a vibrant color. All eyes wear on me TOO. You can't go wrong with this dress.


I wore this dress to a black tie gala and it worked great. I am 115 lbs and 5'4 and thought the fit and length were perfect. Really nice dress for the price. The only problem was that someone else was wearing the same one!


I like the bow in front and the lace on the outside but the inside material keeps on sticking to my skin. Overall the dress is nice. Just the inside is my problem. I'm returning it anyway because it's too big for me. And it's way too long for me. This is for someone tall not a short person. It sweep on the floor when i tried it on with my heels. My height is 5ft 5inc and 170lb. I order the xxl and it was wayyyyy too big! Good luck everyone!!! Hope this info helps.


