I wore this dress at a wedding and felt absolutely beautiful in it! It's soft and comfortable and does not wrinkle. I am 5'2" and ordered a small. I did have to get it hemmed about 3 inches. You will not be disappointed with this dress, and the price is just as amazing!! This dress will make you feel elegant, classy and sophisticated. The best part is this dress will flatter many body types!


I was very skeptical when I ordered this beautiful dress, but upon arrival, it was true to the measurements listed! How excited I was to wear it to a gala and feel glamorous! This is definitely a GREAT buy, and who can beat the price? Plus, you'll get an insane amount of Facebook and Instagram likes! HA!


The dress looks exactly as it does in the photo. I'm 5'4", 130 lbs; my measurements are 35-28-38, wear a 34C bra and usually wear a size 4 in dresses. I ordered a size small and it fits perfectly. I tried the dress on with one of my regular demi pushup bras and it fit comfortably, then I tried the dress on with a Victoria Secret Miraculous bra (which is supposed to make you two cup sizes bigger) and it fit snug, but still comfortable enough to wear.


The lace is very nice, the beige fabric underneath is soft teeshirt like material. Overall, well made. I laid the dress flat to take some measurements; chest from armpit-to-armpit is approx. 16.5 inches across; waist from where the bow is approx. 13.5 inches across; hips from widest part (near the upside down "V" shape on dress) is approx. 18 inches across. The length of the dress (measured from the shoulder to the bottom of the dress) flat is approx. 56 inches long. It touches the floor with about 1/2 inch extra material, so it will be perfect with my heels.


I was afraid that this dress would be uncomfortable on my arms because I have a broad shoulders and thick upper arms, however, the dress is very soft, stretchy, and beautiful and I can't wait to wear it to my friend's wedding!


I rarely write reviews, but felt it necessary for this dress. I had a black tie event on a Friday. I ordered this dress on THURSDAY. I got the dress at 12 pm the day of the event and it fit absolutely perfectly. I was getting compliments all night. I highly recommend! For ref: I'm a size 12, 5'3".


Perfect!!! This dress came to me yesterday and I tri it on. Absolutely STUNNING. im 5'7" and a size 2-4. I ordered a small because I've order from this brand before and knew a medium would be a little big on me. The small fits very great and shows of my curves very nicely. VERY sexy dress! For me since I'm thin but taller I knew the small would be too short before even getting it and I was right. It was about 6 inches too short to I sewed more black lace to the bottom and in my opinion I think it looks even prettier;)  like other reviews said it was REALLY staticky so I got anti static spray ind it's great now. Fabric is also stretchy so if your between sizes get the smaller one


This dress is FABULOUS!!! I am 5'8, 190 lbs and curvy so I ordered the XL. It fit perfectly. I received many compliments. The only complaint is the fact that the "nude" bodice is much too light for a lot of skin tones. The dress is still beautiful and fits like a glove!


I bought this dress because my brother is getting married. This was my first online clothing purchase ever! BEST DECISION! I am always hesitant on buying online clothing. I'm a curvy hourglass size 12/14. I bought a Large and it fits like a dream! I love the lace/cotton stretch spandex feel!! This dress is just perfect! I want to wear it 24/7. The back is high like a Chinese collar. The neckline is deep and sexy! The sleeves are lace and it's just beautiful.


I had the gastric bypass in 2007. I weighed 378 lbs.. NOW I am 5 foot  3 1/2 inches and I weigh 195 lbs. I've had a tummy tuck and a breast reduction, but I have extra skin/fat on my thighs and butt. I'm small up top and voluptuous down below. I wore spanks to keep me non-jiggly. Because of my hips, the dress wasn't as long as I thought it would be. How ever I wore 4 inch heels  and the dress was a perfect length. It hugged my curves perfectly. I received soooooo many compliments. Everyone said I looked stunning in my dress... I felt absolutely gorgeous!! Can't wait til I can wear it again..


SIDE NOTE... MUST invest in static cling.. I sprayed my dress all over.. before the spray the layers would stick together and/or stick to my skin in odd spots. after the static spray it was flow-ie  and moved like it should


This dress looks exactly like the photo, just remember the obvious that it will look different on different body types and shapes. I am a pear shape. 5'8" at 260 lbs. Although the fit isn't exactly like on the model, the dress stretched and fit my body and looked as fancy as on the skinnier model. I got an XL and it fit just perfectly. It might feel tight while putting it on, but once you have it on, you will see why it feels so tight. It was comfortable to dance in and easy to move around in too.


Love it! Good quality! It fits perfect to my curvy shape. Exactly how it was advertised. I highly reccomend it.


