A tad short, not quite floor length.  If you're young (or feel young), skip this purchase. While nice, it's a tad matronly.  Very "mother of the bride" looking.  Upside, it makes your breasts look great.


I really like this dress! I am wearing for a charity function that I will work at; the dress seems very comfortable and flattering.


I Completely Love the Dress got a lot of complements great quality of fabric and lace I'm 5'2 and length was perfect of course with some heels on bust was perfect I'm a 38c and fit perfect... shipping  was less then a week will definitely buy from seller again.


I was so surprised when the dress came, it fit like glove!!!!! I am 5'2 and had to get it shortened, i also made the bottom of the dress more fitting so it isn't flared out too much. This dress gave me a beautiful hour glass figure. When i purchased this dress back in March they didn't have the blue and red color options, i am glad they do now because this dress is beautiful and light weight. i would definitely buy it over and over again.


This dress is extremely amazing. Fits as expected and looks exactly as you see it in the picture. The good thing about is that you can easily fold it and it doesn't need ironing. So if you're traveling with that could be a good advantage. Buy it without hesitation!


It aged me. Im 27 years old, 5'4", and 125lbs and it was too short for me in heals. The seams that cross the front draw attention to your stomach. I do have a short torso so maybe it just didn't sit low enough on me. I guess, for my body type, the dress was an absolute fail.


The only issue I have is it's full of static. That might be because it's winter and that kinda happens. I hope it goes away if I rub fabric softener all over it. If it doesn't I would give this dress a 1 because it's bad!! Other than that, it's nice!


very long.


Dress was. Eautiful, suzing was potluck. Tried two different sizes.  Not consistent on sizing.


The dress is beautiful. Very feminine. The color red is not too overpowering. Had ordered a medium. Fits perfectly. Im 5'8 and about 140lbs.. the shipment was bit delayed..loved the dress


