Great quality, and shape your body very well.


I've had tons of compliments for this dress


Perfect as it was just made for me! I love it!  I'm 5"2 , 125 pounds.


Thank you!


This is a gorgeous dress! Very elegant and wonderful quality. I am 5'9" and 150 pounds and this dress fit me perfectly. The length was right at the ankle which made it a perfect cocktail dress for me, but for shorter people it would make an elegant evening dress.


Ended up returning because it wasn't formal enough for my event but it fit as expected. It was a tad on the short side for wearing with heels (I'm 5'6" without heels).


This is a beautiful dress!  The sizing and length were perfect.  I'm 5'6", 138 lbs. and the medium fit like a glove.  I have never received so many compliments on a dress before.  The only downside was that there was some static cling, but the dress is worth it!


This dress is far more beautiful than I ever expected and fit perfectly without any alterations. I am 5'5" and 180 pounds with a very shapely figure, so I was scared it wouldn't work. The quality is very high and the dress pulls over the head, so no zippers or buttons. I can't wait to WOW my husband at our event!


This was way too small. More like an xl then a 3x. But that being said, this dress was exceptional! Absolutely beautiful, and tge material was gorgeous! I wish it would have fit, I loved it!


Pretty nice dress considering I did not try it on in store!


Pros:


Great Deal.


Fairly good fitting.


Great color


Lace is all over, not just the front.


Great length. A little long for me, 5'5"


Great lines and seams t o distract the attention to one area.


Cons:


I ordered a L, but got an XL.


The elastic seams have a ripple effect because it is not hugging me at the hips/thighs.


The dress is smooth fitting, sort of like a nightgown.


Not structured enough to give the dress more depth.


3x fits perfectly, but I'm a size 18-20 & 2x didn't fit at all! I ordered the size up & it fits great. Great quality, especially for the price!


