This dress look amzaing on my daughter she wore it to the junior military ball an her fellow classmate ask her were she got the frabic was made very well


Absolutely a beautiful dress. It is well made and fit me perfectly. I can't wait to wear this dress in November for my cousins wedding.


This dress is exactly what it looks like in the picture. The material is good and the dress look more expensive than the purchase price. I am 5'3'', 120 pounds and I ordered a size small and it is perfect!


This dress is incredible! This is my first review on Amazon but felt I had to share what a great buy this gown was, and how surprised I was with my first clothing purchase on Amazon (read: I'm a buy paper towels, electronic gadgets kind of gal). I bought this at the last minute for an upscale work gala that I just did not have time to shop for ahead of time (pretty sure most of you feel that way too!). It arrived ahead of schedule but most importantly it seemed like a dress tailored specifically for me. The lace and lining were much nicer fabric than I expected from the price. I figured it would be a one and done type outfit. But this wore so well, I got so many compliments. And I will wear it again.  Two colleagues are now buying the same dress. I am a solid size 10, 5-5", and bought the L as I have the problematic large bust. Being able to wear a normal bra was a plus. I could of probably gone medium but as the lining is stretchy there is plenty of give. So just get the size that you would according to charts. Regardless, this will conform nicely to your body. I wore 3" in heels and length was perfect. Only tip is as this is lace be careful about things catching on it. I carried a vintage beaded clutch and it kept catching. But no major problems. Just a couple minor snags that were not even noticeable. I will just use a satin clutch next time. Good luck - you will not be disappointed!


PS I went out last night and bought another cocktail dress from this same designer - Miusol. Just can't beat the classic look for this price point.


This dress is beautiful, I'll be wearing it for an evening wedding next Saturday. I bought an Xtra large and it fits perfectly!


Really glad I took the chance and made the purchase. I am 5'9 and curvy and the dress is very flattering and comfortable.  All the reviews that mention needing static guard were correct but no biggie


This did not work for me at all. It was not flattering. I think it is a style better suited for slender figures types.


I was very well mores send with the fit and the quality but before I ordered I checked the blogs and reccomend es to buy it a size larger and I did fit good.


This dress fits perfect!!! I am tall so I struggle with finding dresses that are long enough to cover my feet. This dress touches the ground and fits great. I could have went a size smaller though.


Fit a bit snug, I love it! So am ordering a larger size. It is beautiful and looks very elegant.


