It was absolutely perfect!!!!! I couldn't have asked for a better experience. I am size 14 and 5'3 so I purchased a XL and it was perfect fit and it hit the floor but with stilettos it was the perfect length.


This dress is gorgeous in person as well as in the picture!  It fits wonderfully and very sexy, although I will have to take it up a bit as i'm a petite 5'1.  I'm also heavier in the bottom and small on top-I ordered a small.


I am 5 ft 6 1/2 and 132 pounds, 43 years old and not the most fit shape and size medium fit me perfectly. I cannot say enough about how comfortable this dress is. It fits every curve WITHOUT showing the dimples lol! The lining is soft and wonderful as it hugs and provides a smooth silhouette. I have a hard time finding flattering clothes as although I would be considered a good height to weight ratio my 43 year old body has seen better days. Yes I need to work out more and get more firm but with two young kids and working full time I'm just not there yet. So in the meantime I LOVE finding an outfit that will flatter without having to strap on a suffocating spanx that makes you miserable as you sweat your way through the night of fun. If you want a dress that is soft, comfortable and makes you feel beautiful while ironing out your body wrinkles this dress is for you!


I get complements on this gown every time I wear it. It's a knock-off of a gowhn Princess Kate wore (she in black; I got the red). Even though it's a knock-off design-wise, it is not cheaply made. Miusol always has quality!


Great dress. I'm 5'5", about 190 lbs. I ordered a 16. The length is just about too short so I'm going to have to find a low heel that doesn't look geriatric. As some other reviewers mentioned, there is a static factor but it's manageable. I will be taking it to see if my tailor can let the bust out a tiny bit. I feel a little smashed (36DD) in the chest. Otherwise I really love this dress.


The most comfortable dress I have ever worn - hands down. The inside has a think layer of super-soft cotton. Honestly, it felt like I was wearing pajamas :) Perfect for fall/winter (I live in Michigan). I was concerned the sleeves would be "itchy/annoying" - not the case at all. I am 5'5" and weigh about 170....normally wearing a size 10 or 12...I wear a 36 DD bra. I bought the large - it was a perfect fit, size and length wise. I wore maybe a 1 and 1/2" heel. At this price - you couldn't ask for more. I would have paid $200 for it - and that just adds to the beauty of this inexpensive, comfy and flattering dress!


Wore this to a black tie event - received MANY compliments. I originally ordered a M (5'4", 170 lbs) but had to order a large for it to fit... was a bit long, but I wore it with nice heels!


A Wonderful Dress, Great Qualty. The reviews and Pictures of the other customers helped greatly. I'm a US Size:-12/14, I brought a Size Xl In Navy Blue color. My measurements are 36D, 37" Waist and 47 HIPS, it FITS PERFECT...  I definitely recommend this Dress and this Store/Company is great.


Arrived folded in a plastic bag then wadded into another plastic bag and finally in a plastic shipping bag which was stuffed into my mailbox!  Not at all what I expected for a "maxi floral lace party dress"  Hung up for several days to get all the folds out of it.  Too small and twists to the right if I move.  I AM RETURNING THIS!


This is my favorite dress I have ever bought online. Looks awesome on and fits great! I get so many compliments when I wear it. Friends were shocked when I told them it was from Amazon. If you are hesitant at all about buying this, just go for it! You will not be disappointed. I have worn this to a wedding, new years, date night, and big even and have got compliments on it everywhere I go. It is super comfy and I love how stretchy it is. The material underneath is like tshirt material. The lace is stretchy.


